MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Google Pixel, Pixel XL On Verizon Bootloader Unlock Now Available 28 October 2016, 11:15 pm EDT By Chris Loterina Tech Times Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Latest News And Scoops On SmartphoneNow Playing SunShine developers have easily cracked Verizon's security that protects the Google Pixel and Pixel XL bootloaders. The unlock tool called dePixel8 has been released and is available for free.  ( Google ) Advertisement While Google has previously announced that the Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones purchased from its store are bootloader unlocked, those exclusively sold by Verizon have been denied such feature. The carrier, however, has been beaten in that game as developers have successfully cracked its bootloader. Two developers registered at XDA as beaups and jcase, who are also behind the SunShine bootloader unlock tool, claimed to have discovered a method to pry the bootloader in the Verizon Pixel phones open. The method was in the form of the dePixel8 tool, which can work not just for Verizon Pixel phones but also for EE in the United Kingdom. Unlike previous unlock tools, which rely on scripts that can automatically unlock Android bootloader, the solution merely bypasses the security mechanisms that the carrier has embedded in it. The bootloader unlocking process is straightforward. A user only needs to install fastboot and adb on a PC, which will then enable the user to issue three commands that forces the phone to unlock the bootloader. During this process, another command has to be typed: "fastboot flashing unlock". Once this has been entered, an unlock bootloader option will be available. The entire affair is reportedly so easy that it is barely fun for beaups and jcase. The good news is that the dePixel8 is available for free. The only potential drawback is that the developers will not provide any form of support or, at least not obligated to provide one. What this means is that Pixel users cannot expect help if something goes wrong. Here, it is also helpful to note a key disclaimer: it is not the developer's best work. dePixel8 is released for HTC Pixel phones. Its not my best work, but it works..usually https://t.co/wTtXLBbW4f  @jcase @TheRootNinja — beaups (@firewaterdevs) October 28, 2016 The SunShine workaround could embolden a group of Pixel owners to unlock their bootloaders because this process effectively opens a Pixel smartphone to a host of new functionalities. This is primarily demonstrated in the way a new custom ROM could be flashed into the device. Those who are new to unlocking their phones' bootloader, however, are better served if they try to learn about Android SDK and commands. There are numerous sources available online that can help in this area. If users encounter problems or, worse, have bricked their devices in the process, there is no need to worry. Google has just released the Pixel phones' factory images that will let them manually restore their handsets to their original state. Verizon has not issued any statement regarding this issue. There is also no available information whether the carrier is working to address how dePixel8 bypasses its security mechanisms around the Pixel phones bootloader. Unlocked devices, however, will no longer receive the seamless updates feature in Android 7.0 Nougat. TAG Google, Verizon, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, Android © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Pixel Factory, OTA Images Go Up For Download Google Pixel Via Google Store Comes With Unlocked Bootloaders: You Can Root It Unless You Buy From Verizon Google Pixel: Google Store Variants Support Verizon HD Voice And Wi-Fi Calling Google Pixel Phones On Verizon To Get Timely Updates, Will Be Carrier Unlocked Versions Google Pixel C Gets Android 6.0.1 Factory Images And Binaries: Here Are The Download Links From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 2 Space How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech BlackBerry Keyboard Phone Promised To Come: Can It Rise Among The Upcoming Generation Of Bezel-Free Smartphones? Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 7 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 8 Earth/Environment Good News For Earth? New Study Reveals Flat Carbon Emission Levels In 3 Years 9 Gadgets Snapchat Spectacles, Nintendo NES Classic Edition Are The Hottest Tech Products This Month, But You Can't Buy Them Yet 10 Apps/Software Samsung Offers Developers $10,000 Per App Via Tizen Mobile App Incentive Program EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 31 October 2016 Google pledges to give more by sharidan m. ali Sajith told StarBiz that Google is also taking part in both the judging and the final awards night this year. “Other things that we are doing for the industry include bringing in more talent via a programme called Ignite which we are partnering with MAA. “This involved the training of about 2,000 university students in digital marketing,” he pointed out. KUALA LUMPUR: Google, the exclusive sponsor of the upcoming Effie Awards 2016, is determined to contribute more to Malaysia’s marketing and advertising industry. Google Malaysia, Vietnam and the Philippines managing director Sajith Sivanandan said it was important for an organisation like Google to contribute to the industry and the Effie Awards is one of the platforms which it has a symbiotic partnership with. Effie is an effectiveness award based on proven results in the marketplace. This year, the Effie Awards, themed “When the going gets tough, the tough get effective”, is organised by the Association of Accredited Advertising Agents Malaysia and jointly supported by the Malaysian Advertisers Association (MAA) and Media Specialists Association. The awards ceremony and gala dinner will be held on Nov 4 at the KL Hilton. Sajith told StarBiz that Google is also taking part in both the judging and the final awards night this year. “Other things that we are doing for the industry include bringing in more talent via a programme called Ignite which we are partnering with MAA. “This involved the training of about 2,000 university students in digital marketing,” he pointed out. “We want to provide enough training opportunities because there is an increasing awareness and desire in the workforce on how to develop effective digital and intent based campaigns. “There is also a short supply of talents in Malaysia and most parts of the world,” he added. In line with Effie Awards thrust on effectiveness of marketing, Sajith said intent-based marketing, as opposed to the demographic based marketing, is a more powerful strategy to reach out to consumers based on their intent and likings. “These signals or sources of intent could be derived from the consumers search trend on Google or YouTube for instance, content they share with others, websites they have visited among others. “Not all marketers realised the power of intent marketing and it may take some time for the industry to be more aware to adopt this strategy,” he said. Sajith also noticed that over the last three to four years, there was a secular shift in terms of digital penetration in Malaysia where the trend is not just a flash in the pan. “Now about 75% of Malaysians are connected to the digital world, smart phone penetration in the country is now at 70% and it is growing pretty fast. “For example, three or four years back the level of watch time on YouTube was quite low at a single-digit but currently about 50% of YouTube watch time is done on smartphones and the trend is here to stay. “Basically, this is supported by the availability of all these great digital services which encouraged people to spend more time online. “People are having hundreds to thousands of micro moments online in their daily activities. They are either shopping, searching for information or looking for entertainment among other things,” he said. Tags / Keywords: Stocks , Earnings , Corporate News , Investing , Effie and google You May Be Interested Billionaire Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes bet on US airlines Malaysia takes wait-and-see attitude over TPP AIIB head says Trump may review US snub for China-led bank Where are you on the journey to financial freedom? Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Argentina's Macri calls Trump, seeks to rekindle business ties Project promoting a healthy diet in its fifth year Cyclist has grand tales to tell after going through 22 countries Property Related advertisement Latest News Malaysian palm oil price posts biggest fall in over 4 months Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut Wall Street ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Billionaire Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes bet on US airlines Most Viewed in Business Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Mitsui Outlet Park KLIA to be SE Asia’s largest outlet mall Ringgit jumps against US$ early Monday Malaysian palm oil price posts biggest fall in over 4 months Billionaire Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes bet on US airlines Pelaburan Mara seeks to remove Aminuddin from PDZ board Telekom Malaysia to provide services to MYTV for RM916mil Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut Bank Negara takes on currency speculators Trump rally falters as investors seek more clarity advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out technology Search Digital Living Gadgets Games Social Networking Apps BREAKING NEWS Live updates: Yesterday, you couldn't come to town, today you can't leave. Chaos in capital ... read more Secretive company teaches robots to be more like people Last updated 12:52, October 31 2016 Kindred founder Suzanne Gildert, left, and chief executive Geordie Rose with Thormang, a full scale humanoid robot used for research. You've ordered a robot online and are booting it up at home. At first the bot doesn't do much of anything; it simply follows you around and observes your daily routine: walking the dog, making lasagna, washing the dishes. But before long the bot has learned to be your surrogate, shouldering quotidian tasks so you can focus on more interesting ones. That's the world envisioned by Suzanne Gildert and Geordie Rose. They run Kindred, an ultra-secretive artificial intelligence company funded in part by Google's venture capital arm. Gildert and Rose started Kindred on the principle that the best way to make robots as smart as humans, is to put them in our shoes, and teach them to learn the same way we do. READ MORE:  * Everything you think you know about AI is wrong * Google's computers are creating songs * Why artificial intelligence could be the ultimate prize With the help of an all-star advisory board of AI experts, Kindred is already making progress toward that audacious goal. "Humans and AIs working together to control robots are always better than either by themselves," said Rose. Teaching computers to learn on their own is the core aim of AI research. The world's largest tech companies, including Facebook, Google and China's Baidu, are all racing to develop the best techniques. There have been breakthroughs in speech and image recognition, but machines still struggle to handle basic physical tasks such as grasping objects. Ad Feedback Improving robots' physical dexterity is the first problem Kindred is trying to tackle. Gildert, a physicist by training, came up with the idea of using human control to train robot algorithms while working at D-Wave, a Rose-founded company that's become a force in quantum computing, an esoteric technology that bypasses physical laws to crunch data faster than traditional machines. He was trying to figure out the best way to train machines how to move like humans but, unlike image recognition algorithms that can tap into reams of pictures on the web, there wasn't an obvious set of training data. "That doesn't exist," Gildert said. "The light bulb moment was, 'well, a human could supply that training data by moving the robot and if you want good training data you need an immersive situation."' Gildert and Rose left D-Wave in 2014 to found Kindred. Since then they've assembled some 50 robots for testing purposes. In a typical experiment, a human operator wears a virtual reality headset to "see" what the robot is seeing and uses handheld controllers to help the machine pick up an object. Every time the human helps the bot, the algorithms use the data to learn and make the machine smarter over time. The technique lets robots do things they can't do right now on their own while simultaneously making them more capable, Rose said. Eventually, he says, the techniques could be applied to more abstract tasks, like learning how to make someone laugh or intuit how they're feeling. He calls the current technology "proto-intelligences" akin to great-great-grandparents of what one day will be true, human-level AI. Rose assembled his team, which has grown to include 34 people, by drawing on contacts he made while selling D-Wave's multimillion-dollar machines to Google, the US government and other organisations. Kindred's advisory board includes such heavyweights as Russ Salakhutdinov, who recently became Apple's director of AI research. "Very rarely do you see this level of top-50 people in the deep learning space in one company," said Andy Wheeler, a partner at Google Ventures who led the firm's investment in Kindred. At some point, Kindred plans to publish its findings in academic journals or present them at conferences, a practice AI researchers employ to validate their breakthroughs and invite others to build on them. "Obviously it's too early to say is this definitely the way we get to real machine intelligence," Wheeler said. But Kindred's unique approach and all-star team convinced him to invest. Kindred is now focusing on bringing its work into the real world through partnerships with existing industrial robotics companies, said Rose, who declined to discuss specific discussions or agreements. "We saw an opportunity to use that existing base of robots that will be out there in the world in their hundreds of thousands," Gildert said. Take the role of sorting boxes in a warehouse run by Amazon or Wal-Mart. A single human operator could be plugged into multiple robots, stepping in when they run into a problem but otherwise letting them pick up and re-arrange the boxes on their own. The more robots Kindred can plug into, the more data it will have to train its algorithms on, creating a snowball effect, Gildert said. Eventually, the company's technology could be used to help make multi-purpose robots that can learn any task - from packing groceries to conducting a symphony to cheering up someone who's sad - simply by watching how humans do those things. "The opportunity here to build general-purpose machines that have the plethora of capabilities that humans have is unprecedented," Rose said.  - The Washington Post Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Digital Living story: British granny creates 'emoldjis' that all seniors can relate to Technology Homepage technology headlines Consumer drone market slumps Review: Watch Dogs 2 Where did you go Kendall? Singularity U: the disruption will take your job Review: Google's VR headset Reddit's plan to beat Facebook 412m dating accounts hacked Live: 7.5 New Zealand quake Are ear buds bad for you? Quake panic laughed off Spain's plot to end memes Tech battle over whiteboards BlackBerry's keyboard coming back $180 Snapchat glasses fetch $1400 How tech has changed since 2008 Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.5 New Zealand earthquake Live: Wild weather wallops Wellington Stranded cows rescued after becoming trapped on a quake island Quake causes floor to collapse in Statistics NZ's modern headquarters Little Pigeon Bay cottage smashed by tsunami waves Photos: Large earthquake hits NZ - the cleanup begins NZ earthquake: Flights out of Kaikoura to ramp up - but wait until Wednesday for Navy ships Alternative route between Christchurch and Picton established NZ quake: What you need to know - Tuesday Stranded Kaikoura tourists overwhelmed by generosity of locals as Army offers flights out Stranded cows rescued after becoming trapped on a quake island Little Pigeon Bay cottage smashed by tsunami waves Live: 7.5 New Zealand earthquake NZ earthquake: Flights out of Kaikoura to ramp up - but wait until Wednesday for Navy ships Photos: Large quake strikes New Zealand Live: Wild weather wallops Wellington Quake causes floor to collapse in Statistics NZ's modern headquarters How the quake thrust sea creatures out of the water Restless night as hundreds of aftershocks hit after 7.5 magnitude quake NZ quake: What you need to know - Tuesday special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
null
null
null
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  General  »  News Google’s AI made an encryption system and no-one understands it yet by Thomas McMullan  |  Monday 31 October 2016  | Comment Now A pair of neural networks were able to send notes to each other using their own encryption methods. Researchers from Google’s deep learning project are teaching computers to keep secrets. In a paper published by Martín Abadi and David G Andersen of Google Brain, a project is described wherein three neural networks are able to develop a system of encryption – independent of humans. The three neural networks, named Alice, Bob and Eve, were each given a specific role in the communications. Alice was trained to deliver a secret message to Bob, Bob’s job was to decode the message, and Eve had to eavesdrop on the conversation. Alice was instructed to convert a plain-text message into what looked like gibberish, so that Eve (and anyone other reader except from Bob) would be unable to make sense of it. Bob and Alice were both given a pre-agreed cipher key, which could be used to decode the message. To begin with, however, they were both pretty shoddy at sending messages without Eve being able to understand. As New Scientist reports, they got much better at it. After 15,000 attempts, Eve was only able to get eight bits of the messages correct. Seeing as the messages only consisted of 16 bits of either 1 or 0, this amounts to the neural network essentially making a random guess about the message’s content. Alice managed to send secret messages to Bob.  Due to the nature of machine learning, the researchers don’t yet know the precise details of how Alice’s encryption system functions. This means they can’t be sure of the security of the method, and so practical applications are somewhat limited. It’s also worth noting that the encryption methods devised by Google’s AI are incredibly basic compared to the human-created systems.   Still, it marks a thought-provoking movement for computing systems that, the researchers admit, “are generally not meant to be great at cryptography”. Abadi and Andersen write that future work could consider steganography, pseudorandom-number generation, or integrity checks, and that neural networks could use these techniques to make sense of metadata. For more information, you can have a look at the paper here. “Computing with neural nets on this scale has only become possible in the last few years, so we really are at the beginning of what’s possible,” Joe Sturonas of encryption company PKWare told New Scientist. Jacob Ginsberg, senior director of encryption company Echoworx, told us there may be advantages in using AI to automate aspects of encryption:  "When you consider that humans are consistently the weakest point in a security chain, there’s both financial and operational value in automating encryption between systems," said Ginsberg. "It has the potential to dramatically increase security. It’ll be interesting to see how this technology develops over the next few years and what the adoption levels among businesses will be.” Related Articles Take a look inside the advances in AI and machine learning that are helping ... Google Voice improves speech-to-text Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  deep learning project  |  encryption system  |  neural networks   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   More in General (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Margaret Hamilton: The pioneering software engineer who coded humans to the Moon << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Study finds malware lurking in Amazon, Google and Groupon cloud services << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (3 of 10 articles) FEATURE 17 things Elon Musk believes << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Yahoo knew about hack back in 2014 << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Silicon Valley wants California to leave the USA after Trump win << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (6 of 10 articles) NEWS How to: Shop safely online with these 5 tips << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Hedy Lamarr: The Hollywood star who pioneered Wi-Fi technology << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (8 of 10 articles) NEWS What does a Trump win mean for tech and science? << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (9 of 10 articles) FEATURE How to follow the US Presidential election results << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (10 of 10 articles) NEWS How likely is it for someone to hack the US election? << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in General News PayPal's Peter Thiel joins Donald Trump's transition team Review Star Wars BB8. Your little round BFF Feature 17 things Elon Musk believes Gallery Gallery: Upgrade Australia 4.0! From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Which Aussies did we spot at Cisco Partner Summit in San Francisco? Brisbane networking reseller liquidated as customers terminate orders without warning Microsoft reseller pays $250,000 over copyright infringement Piracy crackdown: Aussie firms stung for Microsoft, Adobe misuse Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients That's it for IPv4, go all IPv6: Internet Architecture Board ANZ Bank ousts CIO How NAB is rebuilding online banking, piece by piece NBN passes 1 million FTTN/B premises PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege EA Shooter Showdown: Titanfall 2 vs Battlefield 1 About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet Business Owners Risk Google Penalties Monday, 31 October 2016, 11:43 am Press Release: Premium SEO NZ SCOOP press release Kiwi Business Owners Risk Google Penalties According to a search engine optimisation expert, many New Zealand businesses are unwittingly putting their websites at risk of Google penalties. “You'd be surprised how many sites are in violation of Google's guidelines and are risking penalties as a result,” said Tom McSherry, founder of Premium SEO NZ. Google has rolled out multiple major algorithm updates in the past few years, including the Panda, Penguin and Hummingbird updates. Each new iteration targets a different element of “web spam” as Google's team attempt to clean up search results. But sometimes, unsuspecting local businesses get caught in the crossfire. “In some cases it's just because they don't know they're doing something wrong – for example, having the exact same content across multiple pages on the site. But often it's actually their own SEO company causing the problem by using spammy, outdated practices,” McSherry said. While it's sometimes possible to recover a website after a penalty, it's an expensive process with no guarantees of success. “It depends on the type of penalty, but in many cases it would cost more to remove the penalty than to simply start over with a new website,” he said. “Even if a penalty is removed, there's no guarantee the website will actually bounce back to previous traffic levels. That's why it's so important to spot risks and correct problems before a penalty strikes in the first place.” Premium SEO helps New Zealand businesses identify penalties and penalty risk as part of their free website audit. © Scoop Media   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Easing Ending? RBNZ's Wheeler Cuts OCR Reserve Bank governor Graeme Wheeler cut the official cash rate to a new record low to try to stoke inflation in an economy growing ahead of expectations and signalled the end of the easing cycle. The kiwi dollar gained after the statement. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - RBNZ's Wheeler has 'open mind' on currency intervention Reserve Bank - Official Cash Rate reduced to 1.75 percent Media: Commerce Commission Initial Decision To Decline NZME/Fairfax Merger The Commission has assessed the impact of the merger on competition in both advertising and reader markets for a number of media platforms as well as the overall impact on quality and plurality (diversity of voices). More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZME shares slump to new low - Concentration of NZME, Fairfax tie-up a concern - NZME, Fairfax NZ merger in trouble in ComCom draft decision Labour - ComCom merger decline a win for media diversity E tu - Union welcomes draft decision to reject NZME-Fairfax merger Simpson Grierson - Stance on NZME/Fairfax merger bound to be highly contentious Out-Link - Tim Murphy: The StuffMe merger is stuffed | The Spinoff Inflation: Those With Lowest Living Standards Face Highest Price Rises CTU: In the year to September, while a typical household experienced price increases of 0.1 percent, the lowest spending households saw prices rise by 0.6 percent, beneficiaries by 0.8 percent and superannuitants by 0.4 percent. At the end of the scale, the highest spending households saw prices fall by 0.3 percent. More>> ALSO: Statistics NZ - Superannuitants experience highest inflation Greens - New data shows National’s two-track economy Royal Society: Increased Number Of Projects Funded In 2016 A total of 117 research projects have been allocated $65.2 million (excl. GST) of funding in this year’s Marsden Fund grants, which support New Zealand’s best investigator-initiated research in the areas of science, engineering, maths, social sciences and the humanities. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - $65.2m in Marsden funding for NZ researchers University of Otago - Major Marsden funding for Otago researchers University of Auckland - University of Auckland celebrates Marsden fund success University of Canterbury - University of Canterbury snares 10% of Marsden Funding Massey University - Marsden funding awarded for Pacific customary land use study NZ Taxpayers' Union - Royal Society's Marsden grants an embarrassment Auckland University - Auckland medical science benefits from major grants Universities NZ - Te Pokai Tara - Universities awarded 92.5% of Marsden research funding Gordon Campbell: On Britain’s Landmark Court Ruling Against Uber The shockwaves from Uber’s defeat last week in a British court have reportedly already begun to wash up here in New Zealand with some local drivers thinking of taking a similar class action. More>> ALSO: NZ Uber Driver Association - Government's lack of apparent action against Uber BusinessDesk - Uber seeks government affairs manager to lobby on regulation Gordon Campbell - Gordon Campbell on special needs education funding changes Trade: NZ Trade Deficit Widens To A Record In September Oct. 27 (BusinessDesk) - New Zealand's monthly trade deficit widened to a record in September as meat exports dropped to their lowest level in more than three years. More>> ALSO: HiFX - HiFX Data Update - NZ Trade Balance (Sep) Statistics NZ - Meat exports fall 15 percent in September quarter Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Online Community Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter Scoop YouTube Channel   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Police to launch new online crime data reporting tool 1:05 PM | New Zealand Police Majority of New Zealanders expect more from their KiwiSaver 12:54 PM | Kiwi Wealth Safe Driving Rewards Programme named Innovation of the Year 12:47 PM | EROAD Theresa Gattung Venture Capital fund 12:11 PM | Angel Association Tower estimates quake could trim profit by up to $7.2 mln 12:09 PM | BusinessDesk MYOB awarded Service Provider of the Year 12:07 PM | MYOB Antipodes Gold Reverse Takeover Update 12:06 PM | Chatham Rock Phosphate More   RSS 2016 is set to break even the temperature records of 2015 1:13 PM | World Meteorological Or... Nitrogen Recording Protects Water And Drives Efficiency 12:28 PM | Fonterra Project Echo part of international bat symposium in Hamilton 10:33 AM | Hamilton City Counci... Magnitude 7.5, 14 November, NZ Earthquake - Expert reaction 14/11/16 | Science Media Centre Severe weather to hit during quake clean-up 14/11/16 | MetService NZGL Supports Wide Reaching Research 14/11/16 | NZ Genomics NIWA's Hotspot Watch 11/11/16 | NIWA More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Microsoft Surface Book one year on 1:41 AM | Bill Bennett More copper criticism as Vodafone joins fixed 4G w... 12 Nov | Bill Bennett Power poles may carry fibre to bush 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Microsoft double-dipping with Outlook.com ads 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Spark, Vodafone, Chorus and the battle for fibre 05 Nov | Bill Bennett Smartwatches not ticking 30 Oct | Bill Bennett Wireless — a drop in the data ocean 29 Oct | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher DCC Blocks 2017 Petroleum Offer 10:15 AM | admin Theresa Gattung Venture Capital fund 10:11 AM | admin Tower estimates quake could trim profit by up to $... 10:09 AM | admin MYOB awarded Service Provider of the Year 10:07 AM | admin Antipodes Gold Reverse Takeover Update 10:06 AM | admin Hamilton’s outlying villages see boost in house hu... 10:04 AM | admin New World Kaikoura re-opens 10:03 AM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Powershop Loudhailer 1. Powershop and Pulse big winners of electricity customer switch 2. Stuff.co.nz: Stable power prices expected 3. Stuff.co.nz: Force against Powershop over Darth Vader image 4. Stuff.co.nz: Powershop 6th Fastest Growing Company in Asia Pacific 5. Forbes.com: Powershop - The eBay of Electricity by Tony Seba 6. NZ Herald: Powershop Tops Rankings For Consumer Satisfaction (Again)     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News 2011 Election Results Graphic - NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ General Election Results Finance NZ Dollar/US Graph NZ & AUS Shares JP Yen/US Dollar Graph Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links New Fisher & Paykel kitchen appliances Business Management Training Courses Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google Assistant Will Share Articles You’re Reading On The Web – Android Headlines Posted on October 30, 2016 by Android Headlines With the release of Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones, Google Assistant can finally be put through its paces and users can see to what extent they can use the virtual assistant. Until now, Google had only advertised the core features of Assistant … From the Editor’s Desk: It’s complicatedAndroid Central RPT-Google tries new approach with voice on Pixel phoneReuters Why Google’s New Phone Will Soon Be IrrelevantFortune 9 to 5 Google -NewsFactor Network -Neowin -Komando all 51 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Password not accepted: are biometric checks the answer? The Guardian 10/30/2016 Tim Adams © Getty Images/Imagebroker RF Every year millions of internet passwords are stolen or hacked. I’m old enough to remember a life in which you could confidently expect your skill for guessing passwords to be redundant by about the age of nine. That was when your mate down the road finally overcame his love of spy games and his obsessive desire not to allow you past his front door or into his garden shed without you first establishing his favourite crisp flavour. Unfortunately, however, it seems that mate, who subsequently spent his lunch hours in the school’s windowless computer room, up to his knees in punch cards, has long since taken over the world. Last week, I again found myself in that familiar circle of hell reserved for tired and impatient and forgetful people very close to a deadline. I had already spent way too long trying to remember that week’s combination of password and user name in order to enter a Gmail account – my Gmail account – which I was unaccountably excluded from and to which I needed access in order to open a document that I had to rewrite. Having finally come up with the password – complete with recent mutations of ampersands and exclamation marks and upper and lower case letters and barnacles of numeric additions (first phone number? gym locker combo?) once created on a cheerful whim and now half-forgotten at painful leisure – I was faced with an unexpected conundrum. Six blurred photographs of street scenes flashed up on my screen along with this unwarranted question: “Which of these images contains a shopfront?” Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 105.71 -2.72 -2.51% SMS Co Ltd 2175 ▲ 2,683.00 +65.00 +2.48% HSBC Holdings PLC 35BW ▼ 115.22 -0.07 -0.06% Google’s virtual jobsworth of a security guard clearly wanted to know who exactly it was dealing with (and to collect some more free data for its picture-recognition software). Was I a robot mind myself, intent on hoovering up barnacled passwords? Or was I indeed a tired and impatient and forgetful human being very close to a deadline? In the past, I guess, one or two goes at a Captcha graffiti might have sufficed, but as machine intelligence has become smarter, a more nuanced capacity was apparently required to establish my human credentials. We might not be good for much these days in Google’s eyes, but we can certainly recognise a shopfront when we see one. I peered at the photographs on the screen, as if they were exhibits in a William Eggleston show. Some of them were straightforward enough, but one or two undeniably gave me pause. In the background of one picture in particular some warehouse type buildings clearly had floor-to-ceiling glazing but no obvious signage. What to do? Surely the creators of this test wouldn’t expect this level of pictorial analysis – or perhaps that was exactly what they required? If I looked really hard at a certain angle I thought I could make out some shadowy furniture in the window of the warehouse in question. But still it looked more like some kind of out-of-town storage facility than a conventional shop. Taking my life in my hands, I plumped for the “x” indicating “no” and pressed enter. Another six images flashed up, no less complex in their composition than the first set. And again the question: “Which of these images contains a shopfront?” And so the morning ebbed. Even for the man who is credited with creating the 'user name and password' protocol, the tool has become a curse A couple of years ago, I visited the headquarters of Google in Palo Alto and talked to Amit Singhal, then head of search, about his vision for the future of our interaction with our uncanny machines. He suggested that the ultimate goal was really something like what you saw in the Star Trek episodes he grew up watching in a village in India. He imagined a near future in which the interface between man and computer would be entirely intuitive and transparent. “The endgame of this is we want to make it always as natural a thought process as possible,” Singhal said. “We are maniacally focusing on the user to reduce every possible friction point between them, their thoughts and the information they want to find.” I thought of that conversation when I was at San Francisco airport later that day, trying to summon a booking confirmation on my phone and faced with the need to first answer the following questions that might have been posed by my mate up the road: “Who was your favourite teacher at school?” and “What was the first album you bought?” Frictionless wasn’t the first word that came to mind. In a recent survey of European workers using IT in their jobs, it was suggested that they spend about 36 minutes a day on “login events”. A number that prompts the thought: they must have got lucky. Over the past decade or two of our digital lives, each of us has built up an average legacy of more than 100 sites and apps requiring passwords for access. As the fraudsters and hackers have got more skilled, so the bar for entry has been set ever higher. The recent added complication that on a “password change event” you cannot choose a password you have used in the past 12 months is another cruel blow to our garbled private mnemonics. In the past year, 55% of people admit to abandoning a login due to a forgotten password and about the same number suggested they had given up on paying for something they wanted to buy online because of the complications of the authentication process. Even for the man who is credited with creating the “user name and password” protocol, the tool has become a curse. That man is an emeritus professor of MIT, Fernando Corbató, now aged 90. In the early 60s, Corbató was in charge of a massive prototype time-sharing computer at the university called CTSS. The computer was the pioneer of many of the features of digital technology we have come to love – email, instant messaging – and one that we do not. Because of the shared nature of CTSS it was decided that researchers should have their own accounts so that their work did not overlap. A simple name and password code was devised to create a degree of privacy. In 2014, Corbató gave an interview to the Wall Street Journal in which he acknowledged that he had inadvertently made a “sorry that password has not been recognised” monster. “Unfortunately, it’s become a kind of a nightmare with the world wide web,” he said. “I don’t think anybody can possibly remember all the passwords that are issued or set up. That leaves people with two choices. Either you maintain a crib sheet, a mild no-no, or you use some sort of program as a password manager.” What did Mr Corbató do? the WSJ wondered. “I have to confess, I used to use a crib sheet,” he said. “I don’t think I’m guarding any great secrets. Three typed pages. Probably 150 passwords over the years.” This 50-year-old technology has long been showing its age – despite the levels of complexity there are major password breaches reported weekly – but it has proved hard to replace. Currently, there are many companies competing to create a new form of universal open sesame that will make all those password reminders redundant. Google, Facebook and Apple are inevitably leading this effort, though many businesses are reluctant to hand over their authentication processes to the data-loving giant, which gives an opportunity to innovative companies with a focus only on security. Gigya, based in Palo Alto, provides a platform that manages 1.4bn user identities globally for customers including banks, retailers and the BBC. Most of the login processes they manage are still password-based, but more and more use a form of “social registration” – “Can we use your Facebook or Google details to find out who you are?” – and some use biometric gateways: fingerprints, facial and voice recognition. Richard Lack, director of sales, expects this latter category to grow exponentially in the next five years. In its somewhat polemical report on the “death of the password” (a demise predicted more often than that of the English novel), Gigya suggested that “more than 770m biometric-enabled applications will be downloaded each year by 2019, as compared with 6m in 2015”. “We do all hope the password dies quite soon,” Lack says. “And the research supports the fact that most consumers hope that too – 52% would rather have biometric security.” (And, as we all now know, 52% these days means that the people have spoken in unprecedented numbers: biometric means biometric). “A few banks are starting to use it,” Lack says. “HSBC and First Direct are allowing touch ID to log into your account and also some voice recognition. But for the better part we are still using complex passwords.” Where does the resistance lie? “I think security is the drag anchor,” Lack suggests. “With most of our customers there is usually a security team that is extremely anxious about adopting new technology. The irony is that, as we know, passwords are far from secure now. The average user has fewer than three passwords and those can very often be easily guessed. They use them on average across 120 online accounts. If a password is guessed on one, then effectively a hacker can completely unlock your digital life.” A couple of recent changes may accelerate the march of biometrics. The new European directive on payment services mandates that any online payment will require two-factor authentication (usually password plus SMS code), though lobbyists for retailers are currently challenging that. The other engine of change is the fact that two years ago the Apple touch recognition interface was made available to anyone who wants to use it. The first adopters have been banks because they have huge costs on call centres, specifically for password resets. “Touch is anyway far more secure than anything that has gone before,” Lack argues. “We expect all banks to adopt biometrics in the next couple of years.” The other advance is in using network effects for identity management – a pooling of your identity data: “On the horizon is the capacity that when security is breached in one place the network immediately knows about it,” Lack says. “It’s like an immune response. Where one customer detects that I have had three failed password attempts it notifies everyone else in the cloud and says this user needs to step up authentication or have their account locked. That’s a massive benefit for security teams. That will drag them toward cloud-based security and biometric authentication.” It does sound like a major step forward for security teams, if somewhat less so for users who will presumably suddenly be shut out from their online lives, although perhaps only until they have swiped a finger. The company ThreatMetrix has been working in this latter area for a decade and 30,000 websites and apps use its technology, which is invisible to the customer. Its solutions director, Stephen Moody, says: “The challenge is that you can’t really have a central store of biometric data because of the privacy implications. It needs to remain anonymous. In our view, the key additional security measure you need is what we call ‘ongoing behavioural analysis’, which secures all the weak points in registration.” To this end, ThreatMetrix has built an anonymised network called the “digital identity network”, which already sits on websites and mobile apps and is enabled by cookies. This network monitors every account transaction you make, anonymously. “We don’t know who you are but we tokenise various aspects of your behaviour and we correlate that together,” Moody says. What kind of aspects of behaviour? “Simple things. For example, when I go about the internet I use several devices. Maybe a couple of laptops, two phones, and I tend to use these machines to connect to the internet in different ways and from different locations. I have a VPN at work, I have Sky broadband at home. So over time I have a clear pattern of behaviour. Do I tend to have flash-enabled or is it turned off? The system looks at all that and correlates it with my different email addresses for example, work and home, the credit cards I have associated with those accounts and so on. Every time we see an event, we are saying, ‘Does this interaction look consistent with what we know of this person’s behaviour? Do you usually log on to your bank account in this way from this location?’ If you do, you get a positive trust score. If not, there will be an alert.” Over time, your anonymous security profile will only get stronger, Moody suggests, making it easier and easier to know for sure it is you doing what you are doing. Phil Dunkelberger is the CEO of a company called Nok Nok. Speaking on the phone from California, he inevitably asks me: “If I say Nok Nok, you say?” “Who’s there?” I reply dutifully. Nok Nok has added an extra twist to these future scenarios. It is Dunkelberger’s belief that your phone will increasingly become your gateway to much of the internet. If you have it on your person and you are biometrically logged in, that will be enough to enable forms of access without password issues. “One of the companies we work with allows you to use your phone to open the electronic lock as you move inside the perimeter of the building they have ‘geo-fenced’. You don’t have to log in to anything, as long as you have your phone with you. It logs you in to machines, the assembly line. You have a strong authenticator. The biometric is the phone itself. If at any point the system suggests it doesn’t think it is you, it can prompt you to swipe your finger. It’s like keeping your front door keys with you.” The other most requested service Nok Nok has is for face or “selfie recognition”, says Dunkelberger, “partly because the whole world is selfie mad”. The technology has overcome the teething problem of people bypassing the security test by simply holding up a photograph of a face for recognition access. “We have this thing we call liveness,” Dunkelberger says. “You are asked to blink your eyes and nod your head and the software can read that. It works well in good lighting. It’s more challenging in a shadowy area, but the cameras are getting better. That is coming. Yesterday on the east coast I was in five places that were asking, ‘When can we have picture modality?’” The answer, he says, was soon. In the meantime, we are left with the last knockings of passwords that accumulate their unusual characters by the day. Or, maybe for some of us, perhaps they do not. Every year, SplashData compiles a list of the millions of stolen passwords made public in the past 12 months, then sorts them in order of popularity. And every year the top two passwords remain unchanged: “123456” always comes in at number one and “password” stubbornly retains its runner-up spot. Not far behind is a login that sounds quite a lot like a cry for help: “letmein”. You can add exclamation marks as required. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Guardian Riding the Nile train: could lifting US sanctions get Sudan's railway on track? The Guardian Who are Trump appointees Reince Priebus and Stephen Bannon? The Guardian Amazon launches Spotify rival in the UK The Guardian Kaikoura, the New Zealand tourist town cut off by 7.5 magnitude earthquake The Guardian The Guardian View the Full Site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Technology Google researchers build networks that invent their own encryption Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Trump to deport 2-3 million immigrants: A shift in practice or just tone? Colin Kaepernick explains why he didn’t vote. Do election boycotts work? Giant shield begins sliding over Chernobyl reactor FBI report: Hate crimes against Muslims rose by 67 percent last year Neural networks nicknamed 'Alice' and 'Bob' were taught to keep secrets from an adversarial network nicknamed 'Eve,' evolving their methods until their private messages remained secret. By Steven Porter, Staff October 30, 2016 Save for later Saved People are silhouetted as they pose with laptops in front of a screen projected with a Google logo, in this picture illustration taken Oct. 29, 2014, in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Dado Ruvic/Reuters/File View Caption About video ads View Caption of Encryption software written by human programmers already protects sensitive data as it changes hands across a network, ensuring that only the intended recipient of any message can unlock it. But what if a network could write its own encryption software, inventing a security system to which no humans have a key? Researchers with Google Brain, a "deep learning" initiative within the company best known for its search engine, published a paper last week documenting their ability to do just that. By teaching two neural networks, nicknamed "Alice" and "Bob," to communicate with each other while keeping the contents of their messages secret from an adversarial third network, "Eve," the researchers effectively demonstrated that artificial intelligence (AI) can be unleashed as tireless tacticians in the never-ending struggle for data security. The approach, although still in its early stages, could revolutionize a broad array of scientific problem-solving. Recommended: Would Google hire you? 10 test questions to find out "Computing with neural nets on this scale has only become possible in the last few years, so we really are at the beginning of what's possible," Joe Sturonas of encryption company PKWARE in Milwaukee, Wis., told New Scientist. Test your knowledge Would Google hire you? 10 test questions to find out Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/14 Google chairman Eric Schmidt said in 2014 that AI research has been building steadily since its conception in 1955, and he predicted last year that AI will take off in the near future, paving the way to breakthroughs in genomics, energy, climate science, and other areas, as The Christian Science Monitor reported. In the meantime, researchers are playing games. More specifically, they are building machines that learn by playing games. Earlier this year, a computer running a program developed by Google outmaneuvered top-ranked human player Le Se-dol in the ancient board game Go. The triumph showed a significant progression beyond computerized chess, as the Monitor's correspondent Jeff Ward-Bailey reported in March: When IBM’s Deep Blue supercomputer defeated world chess champion Garry Kasparov in 1997, it did so more or less through brute force. The computer could evaluate 200 million chess positions per second, mapping out the most likely path to checkmate by peering many moves into the future. Human players simply can’t compute chess positions that quickly or thoroughly. But a chessboard is eight squares by eight squares while a Go board is 19 squares by 19 squares, which means it’s simply not feasible for a computer to evaluate all possible moves the way it would in a game of chess or checkers. Instead, it must use intuition to learn from past matches and predict optimal moves.  Many researchers thought that artificial intelligence wouldn’t be able to develop those kinds of strategies until some time in the 2020’s. But AlphaGo relies on machine learning and Google’s "neural network" computers to be able to analyze millions of games of Go, including many it has played against itself. Instead of relying on rules provided by human developers, neural networks sift through large amounts of data looking for patterns and relationships to inform future computations. In the most recent case, Google researchers told Alice to send Bob a 16-digit encrypted message composed of ones and zeroes. The two began with a shared key, but their encryption methodology evolved.  Eve effectively decrypted the first 7,000 messages, but she quickly faltered thereafter, thwarted by the constantly changing tactics employed by the other two. "We demonstrate that the neural networks can learn how to perform forms of encryption and decryption, and also how to apply these operations selectively in order to meet confidentiality goals," researchers Martín Abadi and David G. Andersen wrote in their paper published last week. "While it seems improbable that neural networks would become great at cryptanalysis, they may be quite effective in making sense of metadata and in traffic analysis," the researchers added. John Biggs, writing for TechCrunch, noted that the researchers demonstrated how computers might be able to keep secrets not only from each other but from humans as well. "This means robots will be able to talk to each other in ways that we – or other robots – won’t be able to crack. I, for one, welcome our robotic cryptographic overlords," he quipped. But that very secrecy may highlight a limitation of the study for real-world uses, others noted. "Because of the way the machine learning works, even the researchers don't know what kind of encryption method Alice devised, so it won't be very useful in any practical applications," Andrew Dalton wrote for Engadget. "In the end, it's an interesting exercise, but we don't have to worry about the machines talking behind our backs just yet." Next up Test your knowledge Would Google hire you? 10 test questions to find out First Look Can machines make music? Google tests creative boundaries of AI. Google can build smart AI machines. But can it build artistic ones? Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 How Americans are handling post-election hate Cover Story Why climate change divides us After election, faith leaders seek spaces for healing GOP-controlled Congress will still need Democrats Briefing The Trump presidency: What will it change in the Middle East? Popular Now Hillary Clinton widens lead in popular vote – but does it matter? First Look 2016 on course to be hottest on record, says UN weather agency Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? First Look Chelsea Clinton: Why she might run for Congress First Look Amid surge in calls, crisis hotlines help people cope with election results   40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/14 Latest News Trump to deport 2-3 million immigrants: A shift in practice or just tone? Doing Good Difference Maker A Denver native brings the vast outdoors to at-risk youths Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Google tries new approach with voice on Pixel phone ReutersOctober 30, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share (Repeats to additional subscribers with no changes to text) By Julia Love Oct 28 (Reuters) - About six months ago, people working on hardware and the voice-activated Google Assistant for the Pixel phone started sitting next to each other at the company's Mountain View, California headquarters, hammering out minute details of its first phone. The new seating arrangement illustrated a much larger shift underway at Alphabet Inc's Google, which crashed Apple Inc's smartphone revolution eight years ago by giving away its Android software and letting handset makers do the rest. Google software now runs on 85 percent of the world's smartphones, but as voice control threatens to replace touch as the primary means of using a hand-held device, the company is experimenting with a different approach - more akin to Apple's tight integration of hardware and software. The Pixel's hardware and Assistant teams gather for happy hour every Friday and have already received a prototype for the camera on next year's phone, said Brian Rakowski, vice president of product for Google's Android operating system. Their ambition: to make the company's voice-powered digital assistant better than rivals such as Apple's Siri and Microsoft Corp's Cortana. "We really wanted the Assistant on the phone to feel like a natural extension of the ways you ask Google for information," Rakowski said in an interview. LEAF FROM APPLE'S BOOK The fusion of hardware and software is key to that goal. Certain specifications are crucial for a high-performing assistant, such as a well-placed microphone and a powerful processor to crunch reams of data. Creating an app isn't enough; that requires a few clicks for users to get to it. The hardware and software teams worked closely on details such as the graphics that appear when users call up the assistant, settling on a flurry of colorful dots, which Rakowski called a "whimsical touch to give a little bit of life to the home button." The Assistant is always at the ready on the Pixel phone and can be summoned by pressing the home button or saying the words "OK Google." By integrating the Assistant into the Pixel, Google "doesn't have to do negotiations with another handset maker - they can make it as tight as they want," said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, which offers a digital assistant by the same name. To make sure users get the best possible experience, the Assistant will live only on Google products such as the Pixel, at least for now. In the long term, however, it is unclear whether Google will keep it that way, or return to its original phone strategy and try to push the product out to the millions of smartphones running on other manufacturers' Android phones, at the risk of offering a slightly lower-quality experience. Rakowski said making sure the Assistant works well on other phones would require a close level of integration with handset makers, beyond the typical work that happens on the Android operating system. "We want all these features of the Assistant to work well and work quickly and be nicely integrated so it gives the right idea of what the Assistant can do," he said "We don't want it to feel limited or bolted on in any way." He admits it could be challenging to execute the Assistant on some current Android phones. "You can't do some of the always-on 'OK Google' detection on some phones because they don't include the right hardware to do that," he said. "In some cases, the microphone is not in a great position." SAMSUNG GOING IT ALONE? Whatever Google decides, there are already some signs that its Assistant may not be welcome on all Android phones. Samsung Electronics Co, the world's top selling smartphone maker and the leading Android manufacturer, recently acquired Viv Labs, an artificial intelligence startup founded by the creators of Siri, and plans to weave the assistant into its phones. Having already ceded their operating systems to Google, Android manufacturers may be reluctant to delegate the digital assistant as well, people in the industry said. "If we get to the point where the face of the brand is the assistant itself, that is totally a differentiator," said Babak Hodjat, co-founder of artificial intelligence company Sentient. "They will be relegated to just pushing hardware." Google is coy about its plans. "Over time, we want to bring the Assistant to as many people as possible," Steve Cheng, product management director for the Assistant, said in an interview, without giving details. Analysts expect that eventually Google will try to make money by taking a share of transactions brokered by the Assistant - such as when a user buys flowers from a store the Assistant just located. Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai appeared to hint at that possibility during the company's earnings call on Thursday. "The Assistant team talked about conversational actions as a way by which we can integrate third parties into the voice experience," he said. But he did make clear, whether on its own or others' hardware, the shift from touch to voice-controlled assistants presents a prime opportunity for Google. "As we went from desktops to mobile, it's not like one replaced the other... It expanded the pie," he said. "I approach this the same way." (Reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Bill Rigby) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Marriage Equality ‘Settled’ but Abortion Isn’t: Trump Contradicts on ‘60 Minutes’ Yahoo Beauty President Obama calls Trump ‘pragmatic,' not an ‘ideologue' Yahoo News Video Scott Disick Shares Sexy Photo of Kourtney Kardashian's Butt During Mexico Vacation Entertainment Tonight Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Judge orders release of ‘Making a Murderer’ subject Brendan Dassey Yahoo News Video Family: 'Deadliest Catch' star injured in assault Associated Press Obama says ‘pragmatic’ Trump may struggle to undo his legacy Yahoo News Black veteran says he was refused free Veteran's Day meal at Chili's after man in Trump shirt questioned his service Business Insider Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff 'Michigan Rattlers' Talk Inspiration Behind Their Music and Perform 'Sweet Diane' ABC News Videos NBC color analyst Cris Collinsworth has had enough of Bill Simmons' criticisms Shutdown Corner PBS Newshour's Gwen Ifill Dead at 61 TVLine.com Wanda Sykes Booed in Boston for Criticizing Donald Trump: ‘F— All Y’all’ The Wrap Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff Inside Iraqi Forces Fight for Mosul Yahoo News Video Mike Evans indicates on Instagram he didn't vote before protesting Donald Trump Shutdown Corner Donald Trump could make this couple millionaires Steven: The only way Trump can make someone a millionaire is if they was a billionaire to begin with. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 531 Antidiscrimination groups denounce Trump’s appointment of Steve Bannon Yahoo News Trump reportedly surprised by scope of White House staffing duties CNBC Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff SPLC on the postelection harassment Yahoo News Video These 10 megadonors blew $112 million on losing candidates in the presidential election Yahoo Finance Remains of Missing Daughter of Piano Guys' Jon Schmidt Found, He Says Good Morning America Report: Trump was unfamiliar with the scope of the president's job when meeting Obama Business Insider Airstrikes in Yemen Yahoo News Photo Staff Is Trump Walking Back on His Campaign Promises? ABC News Videos Hillary Clinton is Winning the Popular Vote Cosmopolitan GOP President-Elect Donald Trump Says Same-Sex Marriage Is 'Settled' Law Good Morning America Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Education Health Politics Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Opinion Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Special Sections About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 77° Clear Bakersfield, CA (93301) Today Sunny. High 76F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight A clear sky. Low 51F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 14, 2016 @ 2:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Education Health Politics Election 2016 Off the Press Opinion 2016 Presidential Election Results 2016 Local Election Results 2016 California Proposition Results Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit Community Voices Submit Columnists Herb Benham Jose Gaspar Lois Henry Olivia Garcia Richard Beene Robert Price Steve Merlo Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Sponsored Bakersfield Life Special Sections 150th Anniversary Bakersfield Business Conference Kenny Graham Merle Haggard Seasons Close Henry A. Barrios / The Californian People visit one historical building after another as they take part in the 26th annual Safe Halloween at the Kern County Museum Friday. This year's event takes place Sunday and Monday at the museum.  10 THINGS YOU NEED TO KNOW: Today’s guide to the obscure, the possibly relevant and things in between THE BAKERSFIELD CALIFORNIAN esanchez Oct 30, 2016 0 1 The spookiest time of year is upon us, and we can’t wait to join in on the festivities. But these festivities don’t come cheap. To do it right, you have to buy the candy and the costumes and the decorations and the pumpkins. And that doesn’t begin to include the cost of throwing a Halloween party, which 34.1 percent of Americans plan to do. According to WalletHub’s “Halloween 2016 by the Numbers” report, Americans are projected to spend $8.38 billion this Halloween. And out of the 69.1 percent of Americans celebrating the spooky day, each person will spend on average $82.93 for the celebration. 2 That $82 could be used for many Halloween-related things, including costumes, and 47.1 percent of Americans plan on dressing up.  So how much is the costume business making this year on all those Superman, kitty-cat and Donald Trump costumes? According to WalletHub, Americans are projected to spend about $3.14 billion on costumes. The report says we will be seeing a lot of little furry friends roaming the streets this year, with 2.5 million children planning on dressing up as cats, dogs, bunnies and other animals. We will also see a lot of Peter Parkers and Bruce Waynes since 3 million children plan on dressing up as their favorite superhero. We thought we might also see way too many Donalds and Hillarys this year for Halloween, but WalletHub says only 4 percent of Americans 35 and older plan to suit up as one of the presidential candidates. And we can’t forget about our pets, of course. WalletHub says 16.2 percent of Americans will dress their pet in a costume, most likely a hot dog, bumblebee or pumpkin. Those are the most popular pet costumes. Fido can’t wait. 3 WalletHub isn’t the final authority on Halloween costumes, however. Another way to research this all-important topic is by way of Google’s new creation, Frightgeist. According to Frightgeist, the top three most searched costume ideas in the nation are Harley Quinn from “Suicide Squad,” the Joker from “Batman” and, in general, superheroes. Out of the 11 cities Google is tracking in California with Frightgeist, eight cities’ most searched costume is Harley Quinn — and Bakersfield is one of them. The other top searched costumes in California are Catwoman, Octoberfest, and Ninja. We suppose Arnold Schwarzenegger has fallen out of favor. 4 We know people are searching for popular costumes, but are they actually buying them? We called Fantasy Frocks Costumes to see what its sales are like, and Jennifer Keller, the owner of the Bakersfield store for the past 36 years, found exactly what Google found. Keller said she is getting really low on “Joker” and “Harley Quinn” costumes, and she had ordered dozens of them in many different styles. She also said “Star Wars” and Day of the Dead are popular this Halloween season. One thing that surprised Keller, with this being election year, is that presidential candidate masks don’t seem to be selling. She said such masks usually fly off the walls during election season. But she said people are putting together their own costumes that make fun of the candidates. Does this mean we’ll see some Hillary Clintons in jailhouse-orange jumpsuits? Count on it. 5 WalletHub says there will be about 14.1 million trick-or-treaters between the ages of 5 and 14 this year, and all of those kids are projected to ring 118.2 million door bells. When, you might ask, did the phrase “trick or treat” and the act of begging for goodies start in North America? According to WalletHub, the first time the phrase was used in the U.S. was in 1927. Smithsonianmag.com says the November 4, 1927, edition of the Blackie (Alberta, Canada) Herald, read, “Hallowe’en provided an opportunity for real strenuous fun. No real damage was done except to the temper of some who had to hunt for wagon wheels, gates, wagons, barrels, etc., much of which decorated the front street. The youthful tormentors were at back door and front demanding edible plunder by the word ‘trick or treat’ to which the inmates gladly responded and sent the robbers away rejoicing.” 6 Trick-or-treaters usually learn quickly which houses give the king-size candy bars and which hand out loose candy corn. You see, trick-or-treating is an art that many take very seriously. Clearly, 2015 proves that. In 2015, WalletHub says, Halloween candy sales reached $547.9 million. That’s some cavities waiting to happen, because, the Huffington Post reported in 2014, the average American consumes 24 pounds of candy a year. Anyway, 70.9 percent of Americans plan to hand out candy to little witches and goblins this year, and 72 percent of parents will more than likely steal a few candy bars from their little ones, so it’s important to buy the good stuff. We wanted to know what was considered the best and worst Halloween candy out there, and here’s what we found: The choice stuff, according to USA Today, are Reese’s Peanut Butter Cups, Kit Kats, Crunch Bars, Starbursts, Butterfingers, Snickers, Nerds, and Skittles. If you provide one or some of these, you’re guaranteed to have happy trick-or-treaters. Mashable’s list of the worst Halloween candy includes Necco Wafers, Smarties, Candy Corn, Tootsie Rolls, Twisslers and Milk Duds. No one wants those, apparently. Well, we’ll take your leftover Twisslers. Just leave them at the front counter. 7 Candy shouldn’t be the only thing that attracts people to your doorstep (although it generally is). Those celebrating the day are also attracted to Halloween decor, including pumpkins. WalletHub says 1.5 billion pounds of pumpkins are produced in the U.S. each year, many of which come from California, New York, and Pennsylvania. A lot of space is required to grow these pumpkins — 49.5 million acres in 2014 to be exact, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The USDA also reports that pumpkin revenue from 2015 was about $26 million. There’s a lot that goes into preparing for pumpkin season. History.com says the seeds should be planted between May and June since pumpkins take between 90 and 120 days to grow. How long do you suppose it took the heaviest pumpkin ever recorded to grow? It weighed 1,810 pounds and 8 ounces, and was harvested in October 2010. People visit one historical building after another as they take part in the 26th annual Safe Halloween at the Kern County Museum Friday. This year's event takes place Sunday and Monday at the museum.  Henry A. Barrios / The Californian 8 In a separate report, WalletHub found 2016’s Best Cities for Halloween, and Bakersfield did pretty great. Out of 100 of the largest U.S. cities, Bakersfield ranked 29th. How, you ask? We have some great Halloween activities here, including Safe Halloween at Kern Pioneer Village for children, a party for charity, and plenty of options for adults at Temblor Brewing, The Padre and more. The report shows that Bakersfield ranked 30th in the category of “Trick-or-Treater Friendliness” and 45th in the “Halloween Party and Activity” category. Hooray for us! Pass the steaming green punch. 9 Be safe this Halloween. Seriously. WalletHub says that, on average, 860 houses catch fire on Halloween every year, usually from decorations going up in flames. From those house fires, 41 people are injured, and the property damage is worth $13.4 million. Take precautions when driving on Halloween. Not only do 52 percent of Halloween-night motor vehicle deaths involve drunken driving, but twice as many children are killed as pedestrians that night than on the average day. So slow down and pay attention. 10 The first Halloween celebration in the U.S. was in 1921 in Anoka, Minn., the self-proclaimed Halloween capital of the world. And since that first celebration, people have figured out plenty of ways to enjoy Halloween. Two million people watch the world’s largest Halloween parade, New York’s Village Halloween Parade, in which 60,000 people participate. We also enjoy getting spooked in haunted houses, corn mazes and more. According to WalletHub, haunted attractions generate $300 million in revenue from ticket sales. And you should feel good about spending your money to get scared and (figuratively) pee your pants, since 80 percent of all haunted attractions across America are operated by charities. If you don’t have your costume yet, you’d better go buy one, preferably not Harley Quinn. And if you don’t have candy, stop by the store and get the good stuff. Don’t go cheap on that. Lastly, just have fun — safe fun. Happy Halloween. Compiled by The Californian’s Elizabeth Sanchez. esanchez Follow esanchez Close Get email notifications on esanchez daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever esanchez posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow esanchez Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Local Video Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Bakersfield Marathon to close streets down Sunday LOIS HENRY: Oilfield water proves safe for irrigation — again LOIS HENRY: Trustee upset by harsh press: Someone call a waaambulance A day to smile for 12 college-bound athletes Charges being sought against latest KHSD chief put on leave Festive first Bakersfield Marathon has late start, quiet finish Goh widens her lead in mayor's race Valley fever cases spike. Is it the weather? Uncounted ballots remain: What's in play? Zach Ewing's Week 12 (First-round playoffs) previews and predictions Images Videos Commented How do we convince anti-oil activists our water is safe? (7) LOIS HENRY: Trustee upset by harsh press: Someone call a waaambulance (6) Community Voices: KHSD board is dead wrong about guns on campus (5) Community Voices: Bakersfield is drowning in debt (5) LOIS HENRY: Oilfield water proves safe for irrigation — again (5) Why Lyle Martin should be our next BPD chief (4) Kern County Counsel Theresa Goldner resigns abruptly (4) LOIS HENRY: Even more testing confirms safety of treated oilfield water (3) Former BPD detective Patrick Mara sentenced to 5 years for drug trafficking (3) Court documents refute claims in Valadao attack ad (3) Today's e-Edition Login Subscribe Sections News Obituaries Sports Opinion Entertainment Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Online Features Services Subscriber Services Submission Forms Place an Ad Marketplace Events Email Alerts Search Weather Contact Information Bakersfield.com 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA 93301 Phone: (661) 395-7500 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 Bakersfield.com, 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null
Sold My Google Shares Search I want the au­thor piece linked in the side­bar to be a full dis­clo­sure of the fi­nan­cial in­ter­ests of the per­son who’s writ­ing what you’re read­ing. I think on­line writ­ing with­out such a dis­clo­sure is trou­bling. Any­how, my fi­nan­cial dis­clo­sures no longer in­clude Google, be­cause I sold all my shares last week. Not an in­sid­er · Be­cause this on­go­ing frag­ment touch­es on mon­ey, I should be clear that I have no ma­te­ri­al non-public in­for­ma­tion that might give me in­sight in­to the fu­ture of the Google share price. (In fac­t, I’m not sure I ev­er did, even when I was work­ing there.) Why? · I don’t un­der­stand the busi­ness mod­el, that’s al­l. I’m con­vinced that Lar­ry Page is a re­al­ly smart guy, but I don’t un­der­stand his opin­ion­s. If I read the Al­pha­bet Q3 fi­nan­cials cor­rect­ly, the rev­enue is about 88% ad­ver­tis­ing. The ad­ver­tis­ing busi­ness is an­oth­er thing I don’t un­der­stand. The year-over-year growth rate is 20%. About 40% of hu­mans are on the Net, which in­cludes ev­ery­one in the world with much mon­ey. I have no idea if YouTube is prof­itable. Or Map­s. Or Mu­sic, or Pho­to­s, or Plus. Which is to say, I don’t see any rea­son to think that Google’s fu­ture re­sults will be any dif­fer­ent from their past ones. Or that they’ll stay the same. Still a fan · In my day job, of course Google’s Cloud busi­ness is a di­rect com­peti­tor. But I still use the con­sumer prod­ucts at home all the time. I en­joyed work­ing there, and think they on bal­ance im­prove the world. Al­so, I and my sav­ings ac­count re­al­ly ap­pre­ci­ate those shares. Thanks! Updated: 2016/10/30 Contributions Comment feed for ongoing: From: stephen o'grady (Oct 31 2016, at 20:03) That's interesting. The last time I looked at Google's share of revenue from advertising was in 2013, it would appear (http://sogrady-media.redmonk.com/sogrady/files/2014/02/goog-pct-rev-from-ads.png), and at that point it was 95%. If it's down 7% in 3 years, that's something we'll have to take a look at. [link] ongoing What this is · Truth · Biz · Tech author · Dad · software · colophon · rights October 29, 2016 · The World (110 fragments) · · Business (1 more) By Tim Bray. I am an employee of Amazon.com, but the opinions expressed here are my own, and no other party necessarily agrees with them. A full disclosure of my professional interests is on the author page.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Sharp President Confirms in Speech that Apple will be shifting to OLED Displays | Main | Samsung and LG invest US$11.6 Billion in Flexible OLEDs to Secure Orders for Apple's iPhone 8 and beyond » October 30, 2016 Google's Next Generation 'Daydream' VR Headset Surfaced in a Patent Filing this Week Prior to the mega events by Microsoft and Apple this past week, Google held their fall event on October 4, 2016 where they introduced a host of new devices including the Pixel smartphone, Google Wifi, 'Google Home' and 'Daydream', a simplistic VR headset. In 2014 Google introduced their cardboard smartphone VR adapter and their latest version of it remains simplistic. True, it's a new design available in three colored fabrics and a remote, but essentially it's the same device that's an empty shell that houses a smartphone, and specifically their new Pixel smartphone.   This week, a new Google patent surfaced at the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office that reveals their next generation 'Daydream' VR headset that's far more advanced than the simplistic version that's coming to market in November.   The system will come with built-in headphones to immerse a user's gaming or VR experience. More controls will be provided to control the device's lenses and lighting conditions. More importantly, Google has created an all-new VR tracking system designed to allow a user with the headset on to physically move within a room to make their VR world experience seem more realistic. This aspect of the invention is the focus of the patent and this report. This feature has to be done just right so that users avoid motion sickness when transitioning between a VR world and the real one.   For more on this latest Google invention see Patently Mobile's full report here.   About Posting Comments: Patently Mobile reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on October 30, 2016 at 12:45 PM in 6. Patently Xtra News | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Android 7.1 Nougat Update: Here's When Your Nexus 6, Nexus 9 And Other Older Nexus Devices Might Get The Update 30 October 2016, 1:23 pm EDT By Sumit Passary Tech Times Android Marshmallow - Fascinating FactsNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Android 7.1 Nougat may arrive on older Nexus devices such as Nexus 6, Nexus 9 and more by December. The software update will bring a variety of new features to mobile phones.  ( Justin Sullivan | Getty Images ) Advertisement The Android 7.1 Nougat operating system has so far been exclusive only to Google's flagship devices such as the Pixel and Pixel XL, but rumors suggest that other Nexus devices will soon receive the new firmware too. In early October, Google revealed that the developer preview of Android 7.1 Nougat would be available by October's end. "Later this month we'll be bringing you the Android 7.1 platform as an open Developer Preview, similar to what we did for Android 7.0. You'll be able to test and build on the new platform and try the latest features," said Dave Burke, VP for engineering at Google. The company has kept its promise as reports suggest that this version of Android 7.1 Nougat is set for release for several Nexus devices, namely the Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X and Pixel C Tablet. People who are enrolled in the Android Beta program can now get a taste of Android 7.1 Nougat. According to a NeuroGadget report, Nexus devices including the Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Nexus 9, Pixel C, Nexus Player and Android One are estimated to get an Android 7.1 Nougat software update by December. An exact release date for the upgrade remains unknown for now. Other non-Nexus phones should get the Android 7.1 Nougat update once it has been rolled out to Nexus devices. Android 7.1 Nougat, of course, delivers the performance, productivity and security of Android 7.0 Nougat along with some new APIs, bug fixes and optimizations, Google says. With Android 7.1 Nougat, customers will get new features such as circular app icons. The update also brings enhanced live wallpaper metadata. The upcoming software update will provide image keyboard support, which expands the content that can be entered by users from their handset's keyboards. This will allow customers to express themselves with animated GIFs, custom stickers and more. Apps will let users know what kind of content to use, and keyboards will deliver images and contents to the user. Android 7.1 Nougat will also bring better storage management to devices. Users will be able to access a fresh Settings screen that will allow them to easily delete unused files. Many customers will be waiting for Android 7.1 Nougat, but Google has not confirmed a release date for the software. Users will have to take all rumors regarding the software release with a pinch of salt. We will keep you updated as to when Google will roll out Android 7.1 Nougat. TAG Android 7.1 Nougat, Software Update, Nexus 6, Nexus 9 © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Users Of Google Pixel And Nexus Devices Running Android 7.1 Nougat Report Pairing Issues With Bluetooth In Cars Android 7.1 Nougat Update Will Bring Tons Of New Emojis To Enjoy Android 7.0 Nougat Update: Here's When To Expect It For Xperia X Performance, XZ, Z5, And Other Sony Smartphones LG V20 Best Phone Deals: Best Price From T-Mobile, AT&T, Verizon And Sprint Moto G4 Plus vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3: Which Is The Better 5.5-Inch Smartphone? From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 2 Space How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech BlackBerry Keyboard Phone Promised To Come: Can It Rise Among The Upcoming Generation Of Bezel-Free Smartphones? Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 7 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 8 Earth/Environment Good News For Earth? New Study Reveals Flat Carbon Emission Levels In 3 Years 9 Gadgets Snapchat Spectacles, Nintendo NES Classic Edition Are The Hottest Tech Products This Month, But You Can't Buy Them Yet 10 Apps/Software Samsung Offers Developers $10,000 Per App Via Tizen Mobile App Incentive Program EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Home Azhar sanctions: Uri out of India’s proposal to U.N. Demonetisation has equalised the rich and the poor, claims Modi Industry bodies suggest ways to deal with cash crunch Modi holds late-night meeting with senior ministers on demonetisation Chennai   | Hyderabad   | Bengaluru   | Delhi   | Mumbai   | Tamil Nadu   | Andhra Pradesh   | Environment   | Cinema   | thREAD   | Metroplus   | Specials    Today's Paper All Sections News News National International Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other states Cities Business Business Agri-Business Economy Industry Markets OP-ED Opinion Columns Editorial Interview Readers' Editor Resources Resources The India Cables Elections Topics Events Lit for Life November Fest Life & Style Entertainment Art Cinema Dance History & Culture Music Theatre Motoring Travel Books Literary Review Know Your English Videos Videos Features Cinema Downtown Education Plus Friday Review Magazine Metroplus Property Plus Young World In School Empower Specials Specials In Depth Live Chat Timelines Data Sport Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Races Other Sports Sci-Tech Sci-Tech Environment Health Science Technology Gadgets Internet News Swamy sees ‘lack of preparedness’ by Finance Ministry The ticket to launder black money Industry bodies suggest ways to deal with cash crunch Modi holds late-night meeting with senior ministers on demonetisation International   | National   | Cities    National ‘Kohinoor represents sentiments of people’ Opposition to corner Centre on demonetisation fallout Industry bodies suggest ways to deal with cash crunch Modi holds late-night meeting with senior ministers on demonetisation Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    International U.S. climate policy remains unchanged: Envoy Swedish officials quiz Julian Assange at Ecuador embassy in London Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented migrants Tsunami hits New Zealand coast after powerful earthquake South Asia   | World    South Asia   | World    Opinion The trail Trump’s blazing When cash is not king The big deal with Japan When India conducted its nuclear tests in 1998, Japan was the country that took... Cartoonscape — November 14, 2016 Cartoon   | Columns   | Editorial   | Interview   | Lead   | Letters   | Comment   | Open Page   | Readers' Editor    Business Sport Luck deserts Warner as Proteas maintain grip Hamilton takes title showdown to final race Brave Kohli saves India's blushes Kohli slams fielding after drawn first Test Cricket   | Football   | Hockey   | Tennis   | Races   | Other Sports    Videos Features Sci-Tech Crossword Agri-Business Budget Industry Economy Markets Stock Quotes Business » Industry October 30, 2016 Updated: October 30, 2016 23:34 IST Google tries new approach with voice on Pixel phone Reuters Comment   ·   print   ·   T  T   T+  ·   T- Tweet REUTERS The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco, California, U.S. October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach V Geetanath » B Rishikesh Bahadurdesai » Zahid Rafiq » TOPICS economy, business and finance About six months ago, people working on hardware and the voice-activated Google Assistant for the Pixel phone started sitting next to each other at the company's Mountain View, California headquarters, hammering out minute details of its first phone. The new seating arrangement illustrated a much larger shift underway at Alphabet Inc's Google, which crashed Apple Inc's smartphone revolution eight years ago by giving away its Android software and letting handset makers do the rest. Google software now runs on 85 per cent of the world's smartphones, but as voice control threatens to replace touch as the primary means of using a hand-held device, the company is experimenting with a different approach — more akin to Apple's tight integration of hardware and software. The Pixel's hardware and Assistant teams gather for happy hour every Friday and have already received a prototype for the camera on next year's phone, said Brian Rakowski, vice president of product for Google's Android operating system. Their ambition: to make the company's voice-powered digital assistant better than rivals such as Apple's Siri and Microsoft Corp's Cortana. “We really wanted the Assistant on the phone to feel like a natural extension of the ways you ask Google for information," Rakowski said in an interview. Colourful dots The fusion of hardware and software is key to that goal. Certain specifications are crucial for a high-performing assistant, such as a well-placed microphone and a powerful processor to crunch reams of data. Creating an app isn’t enough; that requires a few clicks for users to get to it. The hardware and software teams worked closely on details such as the graphics that appear when users call up the assistant, settling on a flurry of colorful dots, which Rakowski called a “whimsical touch to give a little bit of life to the home button.” The Assistant is always at the ready on the Pixel phone and can be summoned by pressing the home button or saying the words "OK Google.” By integrating the Assistant into the Pixel, Google “doesn't have to do negotiations with another handset maker - they can make it as tight as they want,” said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, which offers a digital assistant by the same name. To make sure users get the best possible experience, the Assistant will live only on Google products such as the Pixel, at least for now. Assistant integration In the long term, however, it is unclear whether Google will keep it that way, or return to its original phone strategy and try to push the product out to the millions of smartphones running on other manufacturers' Android phones, at the risk of offering a slightly lower-quality experience. Rakowski said making sure the Assistant works well on other phones would require a close level of integration with handset makers, beyond the typical work that happens on the Android operating system. “We want all these features of the Assistant to work well and work quickly and be nicely integrated so it gives the right idea of what the Assistant can do,” he said “We don't want it to feel limited or bolted on in any way.” He admits it could be challenging to execute the Assistant on some current Android phones. “You can't do some of the always-on 'OK Google' detection on some phones because they don't include the right hardware to do that,” he said. “In some cases, the microphone is not in a great position.” Samsung challenge Whatever Google decides, there are already some signs that its Assistant may not be welcome on all Android phones. Samsung Electronics Co, the world's top selling smartphone maker and the leading Android manufacturer, recently acquired Viv Labs, an artificial intelligence start-up founded by the creators of Siri, and plans to weave the assistant into its phones. Having already ceded their operating systems to Google, Android manufacturers may be reluctant to delegate the digital assistant as well, people in the industry said. “If we get to the point where the face of the brand is the assistant itself, that is totally a differentiator,” said Babak Hodjat, co-founder of artificial intelligence company Sentient. "They will be relegated to just pushing hardware.” Google is coy about its plans. “Over time, we want to bring the Assistant to as many people as possible,” Steve Cheng, product management director for the Assistant, said in an interview, without giving details. Tranactions’ pie Analysts expect that eventually Google will try to make money by taking a share of transactions brokered by the Assistant — such as when a user buys flowers from a store the Assistant just located. Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai appeared to hint at that possibility during the company's earnings call on Thursday. “The Assistant team talked about conversational actions as a way by which we can integrate third parties into the voice experience,” he said. But he did make clear, whether on its own or others' hardware, the shift from touch to voice-controlled assistants presents a prime opportunity for Google. “As we went from desktops to mobile, it's not like one replaced the other... It expanded the pie,” he said. “I approach this the same way.” Keywords: Google, Pixel phone More In: Industry | Business | Technology | Sci-Tech Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Get News Delivered To Your Email Send Me News Please enter a valid email address. Kindly confirm the Newsletter subscription by clicking the link that your have received by email NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter a valid email address. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Most Popular    Bear with me for 50 days: Modi to aam aadmi    Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh to face tax, penalty on mismatch    India’s crackdown on black money will help financial system: EU    Invalid Rs 1,000 notes found floating in Ganga    Modi hits out at Congress on opposition to demonetisation National Govt. tries to smooth cash flow ‘Kohinoor represents sentiments of people’ Improve jail-court video conferencing: judge Opposition to corner Centre on demonetisation fallout NSG still a far cry for India as China insists on NPT linkage Sport Third umpire should be empowered to intervene, says Tendulkar Luck deserts Warner as Proteas maintain grip Hamilton takes title showdown to final race A momentous year for Aditi Brave Kohli saves India's blushes Cook, a delectable item in England’s menu Today's Paper ePaper This Day That Age Crossword Archive Group Sites The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre Images Classifieds RoofandFloor O P E N close Recent Article in Industry Tata Motors’ directors opt to drive in neutral Tata Sons, the promoter of Tata Motors, has sought the removal of Mr. Mistry and Mr. Wadia as Directors of the company through an Extra-ordinary General Meeting. » The Hindu: Home | Today's Paper | News | National | International | Opinion | Business | Sport | Videos | Features | Sci-Tech | Crossword | The Site: | About Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contacts | Archive | Subscribe | RSS Feeds | Site Map Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.in  Copyright© 2016, The Hindu
News Stocks Technology Healthcare Politics World Videos The Tape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeNewsGoogle Fiber Gets Hung Up Google Fiber Gets Hung Up October 30, 2016 Larry M. Elkin As I’ve visited Provo, Utah, many times for business in the past three years, the advertisements for Google Fiber have filled me with envy. Provo was one of the earliest cities to get a rollout of the fast, efficient service provided by Alphabet Inc.’s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) fiber-optic internet connections. Google Fiber caught my interest nearly as soon as the company that was then named Google announced it in 2012. The service was designed to offer lightning-fast speeds to residential users, 100 times faster than the then-average broadband connection. Since its launch, Google Fiber has arrived or is underway in Atlanta, Austin, Kansas City, Salt Lake City, and both Charlotte and “The Triangle” in North Carolina. (And Provo, of course.) A few more cities are in the first stages of construction. It is hardly the nationwide, high-speed revolution its proponents promised – yet – but Google Fiber has gained a lot of fans by offering more reliable, faster internet at competitive prices in the places it has managed to reach. But to a large degree, Google Fiber’s hopes to expand fast residential internet access have now gotten hung up – specifically in some places like Nashville, Tennessee, where service has gotten hung up on the city’s utility poles. According to Google, some 44,000 utility poles in Music City need preparation in order to carry the company’s fiber, and approximately three dozen of them have been processed so far. This slow pace suits the city’s incumbent internet providers, AT&T (NYSE:T) and Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA), just fine. The Nashville Metro Council, not so much. The council passed legislation last month that would allow Google, at its own expense and risk, to hire contractors to relocate its competitors’ wires on the utility poles in order to make space for Google Fiber’s lines. Letting Google’s work crews take care of everything at once will make the process of outfitting utility poles much more efficient. Google’s competitors are not at all pleased. AT&T went to federal court to block the new ordinance before the ink was dry on the mayor’s signature. Comcast has now followed suit as of Tuesday, seeking a temporary injunction to prevent any of the work from going forward. AT&T owns some of the utility poles in Nashville, but 80 percent are owned by Nashville Electric Service – a municipally owned utility. Notably, NES is neither an internet provider nor a party to the lawsuits. The only utilities that use Nashville’s utility poles who seem concerned about Google’s contractors working on them are those utilities facing a competitive threat from Google. The lawsuits are based on the premises that, first, the Nashville Metro Council lacks authority to give Google this permission and, second, that the Federal Communications Commission ultimately holds jurisdiction over the city’s utility poles. AT&T has additionally claimed that the arrangement would force the company to violate its own union contracts by letting Google’s contractors install their competing service. This strikes me as a truly novel argument – but maybe it isn’t, considering that Louisville, Kentucky, is undergoing a similar legal challenge by AT&T. Nashville and Louisville’s attempts to pass “One Touch” legislation – so called because without it, each utility must move their own service’s wires, however slowly they choose to get around to doing so – was a hopeful sign for Google, but the legal challenges have slowed progress to a crawl. The cost of these battles is beginning to show. Google Fiber announced this week that it has cut staff and that Craig Barratt will step down as CEO, though he will stay on as an adviser. Google Fiber has also, in the company’s words, “paused” rollout of its service in previously announced U.S. cities while it examines alternate technology. One strong possibility is wireless, which would not require the company to lay much fiber or touch neighborhood utility poles. Google Fiber recently acquired Webpass, a company that provides internet service via point-to-point wireless in five metro areas. None of the pushback against Google Fiber is particularly surprising, as old, franchised utilities try to hold on to their pricing power over your broadband service. But it is encouraging that a few city councils have proved willing to abandon or modify long-ago utility deals that entrenched these monopolies in favor of providing better and more competitive service to their residents. In the meantime, those of us in cities without Google Fiber can only envy cities with access to Google’s fast service. I know I do, every time I get my Comcast bill. GOOGL About Larry M. Elkin 531 Articles Affiliation: Palisades Hudson Financial Group Larry M. Elkin, CPA, CFP®, has provided personal financial and tax counseling to a sophisticated client base since 1986. After six years with Arthur Andersen, where he was a senior manager for personal financial planning and family wealth planning, he founded his own firm in Hastings on Hudson, New York in 1992. That firm grew steadily and became the Palisades Hudson organization, which moved to Scarsdale, New York in 2002. The firm expanded to Fort Lauderdale, Florida, in 2005, and to Atlanta, Georgia, in 2008. Larry received his B.A. in journalism from the University of Montana in 1978, and his M.B.A. in accounting from New York University in 1986. Larry was a reporter and editor for The Associated Press from 1978 to 1986. He covered government, business and legal affairs for the wire service, with assignments in Helena, Montana; Albany, New York; Washington, D.C.; and New York City’s federal courts in Brooklyn and Manhattan. Larry established the organization’s investment advisory business, which now manages more than $800 million, in 1997. As president of Palisades Hudson, Larry maintains individual professional relationships with many of the firm’s clients, who reside in more than 25 states from Maine to California as well as in several foreign countries. He is the author of Financial Self-Defense for Unmarried Couples (Currency Doubleday, 1995), which was the first comprehensive financial planning guide for unmarried couples. He also is the editor and publisher of Sentinel, a quarterly newsletter on personal financial planning. Larry has written many Sentinel articles, including several that anticipated future events. In “The Economic Case Against Tobacco Stocks” (February 1995), he forecast that litigation losses would eventually undermine cigarette manufacturers’ financial position. He concluded in “Is This the Beginning Of The End?” (May 1998) that there was a better-than-even chance that estate taxes would be repealed by 2010, three years before Congress enacted legislation to repeal the tax in 2010. In “IRS Takes A Shot At Split-Dollar Life” (June 1996), Larry predicted that the IRS would be able to treat split dollar arrangements as below-market loans, which came to pass with new rules issued by the Service in 2001 and 2002. More recently, Larry has addressed the causes and consequences of the “Panic of 2008″ in his Sentinel articles. In “Have We Learned Our Lending Lesson At Last” (October 2007) and “Mortgage Lending Lessons Remain Unlearned” (October 2008), Larry questioned whether or not America has learned any lessons from the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. In addition, he offered some practical changes that should have been made to amend the situation. In “Take Advantage Of The Panic Of 2008” (January 2009), Larry offered ways to capitalize on the wealth of opportunity that the panic presented. Larry served as president of the Estate Planning Council of New York City, Inc., in 2005-2006. In 2009 the Council presented Larry with its first-ever Lifetime Achievement Award, citing his service to the organization and “his tireless efforts in promoting our industry by word and by personal example as a consummate estate planning professional.” He is regularly interviewed by national and regional publications, and has made nearly 100 radio and television appearances. Visit: Palisades Hudson Previous article Next article Related Articles News Apple Takes A Stand Against Trump June 19, 2016 WSP News Notable Upgrades: Google Inc. (GOOGL), CyberArk (CYBR), Inogen (INGN), Abiomed (ABMD) August 12, 2015 WSP Business FB Stock : Has Facebook More Upside Fuel? April 22, 2016 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest The Fed Faces The Donald November 14, 2016 Amazon Stock: 2017 Might Be a Year for Spending, Not Earning (AMZN) November 14, 2016 How to Play the Stock Market Under President Trump November 14, 2016 Falling Apps Or Rising Bots: Which Will Prevail? November 13, 2016 AI: One of the Biggest Threats to the Future of Humanity November 13, 2016 Markets SPY 216.59 +0.17 +0.08% Nikkei 17672.62 +297.83 +1.71% UK 6753.18 +22.75 +0.34% France 4508.55 +19.28 +0.43% Germany 10693.69 +25.74 +0.24% EUR / USD 1.0747 +0.0005 +0.05% GBP / USD 1.2513 +0.0017 +0.14% CAD / USD 0.7383 +0.0007 +0.09% AUD / USD 0.7566 +0.0011 +0.15% Oil Fut 43.68 +0.36 +0.83% Gold Fut 1224.30 +2.60 +0.21% Editor’s Picks A Solar Flare Has Cracked The Earth’s Magnetic Field November 8, 2016 The Matrix is Real and We’re All Robot Grub October 9, 2016 Beyond Software, Microsoft Wants to “Solve” Cancer (MSFT) September 21, 2016 Amazon’s Daring Move Could Mean the End of Cable Subscriptions (AMZN) September 19, 2016 Microsoft Plans to Turn the Seas into Giant Data Centers (MSFT) September 18, 2016 How Virtual Reality Gave Me My Brain Back (Samsung VR) August 14, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Archive Copyright © 2016 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
12,588,085 members (91,619 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Cloud Computing » Google Cloud Platform » General   Technical Blog   View Blog  Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as All-Topics Stats 931 views 1 bookmarked Posted 30 Oct 2016 How to Use Spell Check in Google Sheets to Find Misspelled Words Sumit@123, 30 Oct 2016 CPOL    2.33 (2 votes) 1 2 3 4 5 2.33/5 - 2 votes μ 2.33, σa 3.30 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. How to use Spell Check in Google Sheets to find misspelled words If you work with text in Google Sheets, there is an easy way to run spell check and take care of the misspelled words. As an example, below I have the fruits name in Column A. If you look closely, you can find two misspelled words in it – Aple (instead of Apple) and Strawbery (instead of Strawberry). Now this is a small dataset, but if you have a lot of text, manually scanning for misspelled words would be time-consuming and prone to errors. Here are the steps to run spell check in Google Sheets: Select the data on which you want to run the spell check. If you want to run it for the entire sheet, click on the square at the top left of the sheet cells area. Go to Tools –> Spelling. This would run the Spell Check and if it finds any misspelled words, it opens the Spell Check dialog box as shown below. In this Spell Check dialog box, you have the following options: Change the highlighted instance of the misspelled word. If there is more than one occurrence of this word, you can check all the occurrences and correct it by selecting Change All. Ignore the suggested change. If you have a name or item that is highlighted as misspelled, you can choose to ignore it. If there are multiple occurrences of it, you can choose to ignore all the instances by click on Ignore All. If there is a word you want to add to the dictionary so that it isn’t highlighted as a misspelled word in future, click on Add to Dictionary. Spell check continues to run as long as it finds misspelled words. If you want to close it, click on the cross at the top-right. Suggested Tutorials How to Insert Checkbox in Google Sheets How to Create a Drop Down List in Google Sheets How to Protect a Range of Cells in Google Sheets How to Wrap Text in Google Sheets The post How to Use Spell Check in Google Sheets to Find Misspelled Words appeared first on Productivity Spot. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Sumit@123 India No Biography provided You may also be interested in... Pro An Introduction to DevOps Pro When Logging Isn't Enough: A Modern Approach to Monitoring Performance in Production i00 Spell Check and Control Extensions - No Third Party Components Required! SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog A Spell Checking Engine Generate and add keyword variations using AdWords API Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 30 Oct 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Sumit@123 Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
null
null
null
null
null
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Pixel Customers Can Get Up To $300 From Verizon On A Trade-In By Adnan Farooqui on 10/30/2016 08:40 PST Google’s new Pixel smartphones are exclusive to Verizon in the United States. No other carrier in the country is selling the handsets directly but T-Mobile launched a new promotion recently for Pixel customers looking to purchase Google’s latest phone in a bid to steal customers from Verizon. Big Red has now hit back with its own promotion. T-Mobile may not be selling the Pixel and Pixel XL directly but it’s offering $325 in bill credits to customers who purchase the handset directly from Google unlocked and off-contact and then sign up for Magenta in order to receive the bill credits. This effectively provides them with a 50 percent discount on one of the hottest devices on the market right now. Verizon won’t surely let T-Mobile steal its thunder with the Pixel. Google’s new flagship is now part of the carrier’s trade-in program. Customers can have their existing handsets appraised and receive a trade-in value, the most users can get for old devices is up to $300. Once they have agreed to the trade-in value, new customers will receive their new Pixel device immediately while the VZW electronic gift card of the trade-in value is going to arrive within two weeks. Existing Verizon customers will get the trade-in value back in account credit within 1-2 billing cycles. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about pixel, pixel xl and Verizon. Source: verizonwireless Related Articles 2016-11-11 Verizon Delays Shipment Of 128GB Pixel XL Smartphones By 2 Weeks 2016-11-10 Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD Tablet Launched 2016-11-10 Renders Of Alleged Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD Tablet Leaked 2016-11-07 Verizon Unveils 5GB & 10GB Prepaid Data Plans 2016-11-07 SyncUp Drive Is T-Mobile's Connected Car Solution 2016-11-01 Google Clarifies Charging Speeds Of Its Pixel Phones 2016-11-01 T-Mobile's Pixel Offer Now Live For Simple Choice Unlimited Customers Too 2016-10-05 Verizon’s Pixel Phones Might Have Their Bootloaders Locked 2016-09-19 Google’s Pixel & Pixel XL Phones To Be Exclusive To Verizon? Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
null
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Obama takes thinly-veiled swipe at Hillary for losing presidency to Trump as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry' - in first post-election news conference Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for seven hours because the child 'didn't fit with his sex-obsessed lifestyle' Illegal immigrant 'crashed his car into young woman's vehicle before dragging her out and RAPING her in a ditch for two hours' Obama: Trump is committed to 'strong and robust' NATO. President says 'there is no weakening of resolve' on key alliance  'We need men onboard': Gretchen Carlson urges men to join the fight to end sexual harassment and admits she has many sleepless nights since leaving Fox News 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns his successor's 'temperament' will be his doom unless he 'corrects' it Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before memory loss symptoms 'I came here to kill you': Ex-con who killed New York cop 'had been stalking estranged wife by sleeping on the roof of the building she was staying in for DAYS' Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey be set FREE after 10 years in prison Jilted groom, 31, launches lawsuit against ex-fiancée over a $125,000 diamond engagement ring after their wedding was suddenly called off Beauty Crash Course: A leading dermatologist explains how YOU can tackle dry skin and holiday-related acne this fall for a flawless complexion Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia Bodies of former Polish president and his wife are to be exhumed along with 80 other victims of 2010 plane crash following claims they were murdered  California doctor 'faked his own death and fled to Egypt where he worked as a scuba instructor' to avoid jail for alleged multi-million dollar health insurance fraud She smelled a rat! Manhattan woman is suing clothing giant Zara after 'finding DEAD RODENT sewn into the hem of her dress' REVEALED: Sumner Redstone's five grandchildren who are set to split his $5BILLION fortune - and the private dealings with Viacom that helped them secure their trust Four-year-old girl playing with a gun accidentally shoots herself and her sleeping mother in the head The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity who can't deal with the fact that America couldn't care less what they think President-elect Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin connect for first phone call since Trump's historic win - and word breaks just as Obama prepares to face the media before trip 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Ivanka's husband Jared Kushner will be 'very involved in decision-making' when Trump becomes president says incoming chief of staff Previous Next The highly sophisticated phishing email that 'led to hack of Podesta's account' suggests only Russians could have pulled it off  John Podesta, the chairman of Hillary Clinton's campaign, had his Gmail account hacked WikiLeaks has released tens of thousands of Podesta's emails A private firm which examined the WikiLeaks documents believes that he could have been scammed into giving his password by a phishing email The company says that the phishing email was sent by a group with ties to Russian intelligence agencies  By Ariel Zilber For Dailymail.com Published: 11:06 EST, 30 October 2016 | Updated: 12:55 EST, 30 October 2016 e-mail 75 shares 228 View comments Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman was tricked into providing his password to his hackers by a sophisticated phishing email, according to the latest trove of documents released by WikiLeaks. Cyber experts believe the ploy that exposed John Podesta to the cyber-attack is direct evidence of Russian espionage. Podesta was advised by an aide to update his password after receiving what was believed to be a 'legitimate' warning from Google advising him to do so. It was sent to his Gmail account on March 19, 2016, but it turned out to be a phishing email,CNN reported. Phishing is a scam in which unwitting Internet users are tricked into handing out personal information like passwords and credit card numbers through the use of email messages that appear to be from a trusted source. Scroll down for video  John Podesta (left), chairman of Hillary Clinton's (right) campaign, may have been tricked into giving his password to a hacker who sent a phishing email Podesta was told by a campaign staffer that an email that looked as if it was sent by Google appeared authentic, though it is not known for sure whether this was the email that led to the massive WikiLeaks breach. The mailing address on the message shows 'no-reply@accounts.googlemail.com,' which is a fake. The subject line of the message reads: 'CHANGE PASSWORD.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The 5:2 party dress diet: Follow our slimming special to... Trump v RUMP: Jennifer Lopez puts on an eye-popping show for... Donald Trump 'wanted Chris Christie to be his pick for VP,... EXCLUSIVE: Pioneering hedge-fund manager is found dead at... Share this article Share 75 shares Beneath it is a link inviting the user to do just that. When clicking on the link, however, it does not redirect the user to a secure Google page, but rather to an unknown bit.ly address. A cybersecurity expert told CNN that if Podesta had followed the link and changed the email, thus providing his password to an unauthorized third party, it could have been the opening that led to the WikiLeaks hack. SecureWorks, an Internet security company, said that Podesta was not the only Clinton aide to be targeted by the phishing emails. 'We saw 108 email addresses targeted and we know that 20 of the links that were sent to those individuals were clicked,' a researcher at the firm told CNN. The firm believes that the phishing messages are the clearest indication that Russia is behind the Podesta-WikiLeaks hack. An aide to Podesta who was consulted on the email believed it to be legitimate and advised him to change his password by following a provided link The link, however, is not to a secure Google site but rather to a different landing page that security experts say is run by Russian hackers The United States government has stated its belief that the Russians were behind the hack against the Democratic National Committee this past summer, though it has not taken a position on its possible involvement in the Podesta emails. SecureWorks experts believe that the phishing email was sent to Podesta and other Clinton staffers by 'Fancy Bear,' a cyber-espionage group that is believed to be run by the Russian military and intelligence apparatus. The bit.ly address contained in the email leads to a site that the company says is linked to 'Fancy Bear.' SecureWorks says that 'Fancy Bear' has traditionally targeted Western diplomatic missions in eastern Europe.  WikiLeaks, an organization that has obtained classified documents and official government memoranda, has denied accusations that it is tied to the Russian government. Read more: Is this the email that hacked John Podesta's account? - CNNPolitics.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 75 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body     DON'T MISS Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? How old do YOU feel inside? We all have an age we secretly think we are. Here five distinguished women reveal theirs... It is the 'subjective age' Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  'Hello, it's me...': Adele fans go into meltdown after cryptic TV ad hints the singer could be touring Australia for the first time next year Sparked a frenzy Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Wrapping up I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue 'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus Victoria's Secret model Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA She is 42 Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Extra presenter The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress The How We Do singer 'She's disrespectful and downright arrogant': The X Factor fans in Australia SLAM Iggy Azalea amid reports she has been given 'unkind nicknames' on set Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  British aristocrat 'I should be so lucky!': Prince Harry shows that 'worry over Meghan' hasn't got him down as he reveals Sydney will host Invictus Games in hilarious video featuring a Kylie Minogue ringtone ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Sexy poolside selfies by mom-of-one 'They turned out wonderfully!' Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Accomplished trio Sizzling hot! Elyse Knowles flaunts her taut torso and trim pins in a skimpy white bikini as she bids farewell to Dallas Aussie swimsuit model  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  Her right was more arched than her left 'She's talking to a therapist every day': Kim Kardashian 'still living in fear' after robbery but believes late father Robert watched over her during heist No wonder Harry's smiling! Prince looks forward to showing off new girlfriend Meghan Markle to the relatives as Charles and Camilla fly home  John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now 'Some of the nicest humans on the planet': Scott Eastwood says Sydney hospitality is 'off the charts' as Pacific Rim 2 co-star John Boyega takes in sights  Oh baby! Bachelorette star Ashley Hebert and J.P. Rosenbaum step out for ice cream with son Fordham and newborn daughter Essex Reese Family treat Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E. star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 after brief battle with cancer Was surrounded by his family The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe New YouTube series called Heather's Closet  'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets Showcased her stunning physique Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Sneak peek inside the new Hollywood hotspot where Kendall Jenner and Drake love to live it up like Gatsby Chandeliers and plush booths The world's her stage! Helena Bonham Carter embraces the moment as she mugs for cameras on NYC set of Ocean's Eight 'I'm sorry!' Dustin Diamond offers public apology to his Saved By The Bell co-stars  Decided to come clean, swinging by The Dr Oz Show Still got it! Ricky Martin, 44, posts steamy swimsuit photo as he prepares for the final leg of his One World Tour  In a reflective mood Awww! Hilaria Baldwin plants a sweet kiss on one-year-old Rafael as they spend the day together in NYC The 32-year-old looked great Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls true crime drama Unsolved to get pilot directed by The People v. O.J. Simpson vet Anthony Hemingway 'I still have work to do': Angela Simmons talks getting back into shape one month after welcoming her first child Opened up about life as a new mum Today's headlines Most Read Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for... Woman 'raped in a ditch for two hours after an illegal immigrant crashed his car into her vehicle and ran... Obama: Trump is committed to 'strong and robust' NATO. President says 'there is no weakening of resolve' on... 'We need men onboard': Gretchen Carlson urges men to join the fight to end sexual harassment and admits she... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns... Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before... ‘I came here to kill you’: Ex-con who killed New York cop 'had been stalking estranged wife by sleeping on... Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey released after 10 years in prison Jilted groom, 31, launches lawsuit against ex-fiancée over a $125,000 diamond engagement ring after their... Beauty Crash Course: A leading dermatologist explains how YOU can tackle dry skin and holiday-related acne... Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia Bodies of former Polish president and his wife are to be exhumed along with 80 other victims of 2010 plane... California doctor 'faked his own death and fled to Egypt where he worked as a scuba instructor' to avoid... She smelled a rat! Manhattan woman is suing clothing giant Zara after 'finding DEAD RODENT sewn into the hem... REVEALED: Sumner Redstone's five grandchildren who are set to split his $5BILLION fortune - and the private... Four-year-old girl playing with a gun accidentally shoots herself and her sleeping mother in the head The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets... 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity... President-elect Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin connect for first phone call since Trump's... 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win... Ivanka's husband Jared Kushner will be 'very involved in decision-making' when Trump becomes president says... Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign... Did Trump not realize how big a job the Presidency is? Billionaire 'seemed surprised' by its scope and aides... Trump could shatter a different glass ceiling by naming first openly gay man to cabinet-level post – and... U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary... Be very careful of criticizing the incoming president: Kellyanne Conway issues warning to Democrat Harry... MORE HEADLINES 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America in first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and THAT vow to punish Hillary Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of violent anti-Trump protests in Portland  African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has his free Veterans Day Chilli's meal confiscated after elderly white veteran wearing Trump shirt complained to manager that black people 'didn't serve in WW2' Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after earthquake causes major New Zealand river to break its banks - as ANOTHER huge tremor strikes  PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity who can't deal with the fact that America couldn't care less what they think 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns his successor's 'temperament' will be his doom unless he 'corrects' it 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey after media mogul tells everyone to 'take a deep breath' following Trump's victory and says she has 'hope' for his presidency  Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and insists he WILL build a wall (but part of it could be a fence) Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The president-elect is considering COMMUTING to Washington by helicopter from his Trump Tower penthouse 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an envelope labeled "SECRET" and leave it in the Oval office': Twitter erupts with hilarious memes imagining Biden's last laugh at the White House Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey released after 10 years in prison Ex-Goldman Sachs banker turned Breitbart News exec who once said he didn't want his daughters 'going to school with Jews': Meet Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is joined by Chris Rock as SNL mocks white privileged Democrats' incredulous reaction to Trump's victory Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for seven hours because the child 'didn't fit with his lifestyle' FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and catch online predators', stunning unsealed documents reveal  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed $800 from her dad 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration - as the family says his hotels don't matter next to the presidency Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Revealed, the NATO slackers: Why Trump is so infuriated by countries spending less than half their fare share on European defence (and we should be too) Mother who let TIGERS, a fox, a cougar, monkeys and a skunk roam around her Texas home is charged with endangering her daughter, 14  Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says he'll tone down his social media commentary and describes Hillary's 'lovely' concession call White high school teacher suspended after telling black students: 'Don't make me call Donald Trump and get you sent back to Africa' Eerie prediction New Zealand would suffer a 'supermoon earthquake' SEVEN DAYS before the tragedy – as terrified residents film mystery blue lights in the sky during the tremors NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  EXCLUSIVE: Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her because he was unhappy about a 'rape' story she was running  Be very careful of criticizing the incoming president: Kellyanne Conway issues warning to Democrat Harry Reid as she drops hint of legal action against Trump critics Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White House: The Donald makes insider RNC head his chief of staff – but scorched earth practitioner is chief strategist and gets announced FIRST MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Tue,  15 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.60   0.10 1.18%   AAMRATECH 25.80   -0.90 -3.37%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 17.30   0.20 1.17%   ACI   -3.50   ACIFORMULA 153.90   -1.90 -1.22%   ACMELAB 106.00   6.40 6.43%   ACTIVEFINE 38.00   -0.20 -0.52%   AFCAGRO 43.80   0.60 1.39%   AFTABAUTO 50.80   0.10 0.20%   AGNISYSL 17.90   -0.70 -3.76%   AGRANINS 16.50   0.10 0.61%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   AL-HAJTEX 96.60   -1.80 -1.83%   ALARABANK 14.80   -0.10 -0.67%   ALLTEX 8.60   -0.60 -6.52%   AMANFEED 77.40   -2.10 -2.64%   AMBEEPHA 441.80   -5.40 -1.21%   AMCL(PRAN) 201.00   0.90 0.45%   ANLIMAYARN 26.10   -0.80 -2.97%   ANWARGALV 67.00   -0.20 -0.30%   APEXFOODS 146.60   -9.60 -6.15%   APEXFOOT 363.80   -10.40 -2.78%   APEXSPINN 123.20   -7.20 -5.52%   APEXTANRY 126.40   -11.10 -8.07%   APOLOISPAT 16.00   -0.20 -1.23%   ARAMIT 353.50   -3.60 -1.01%   ARAMITCEM 30.00   -0.70 -2.28%   ARGONDENIM 25.90   -0.40 -1.52%   ASIAINS 16.10   -0.30 -1.83%   ASIAPACINS 15.70   0.10 0.64%   ATCSLGF 10.30   -0.10 -0.96%   ATLASBANG 113.00   -3.00 -2.59%   AZIZPIPES 64.90   3.50 5.70%   BANGAS 102.50   -9.50 -8.48%   BANKASIA 17.50   -0.20 -1.13%   BARKAPOWER 29.60   -0.20 -0.67%   BATASHOE 1172.20   1.20 0.10%   BATBC   -25.60   BAYLEASING 19.50   -0.20 -1.02%   BBS   -0.90   BDAUTOCA 67.50   -3.30 -4.66%   BDCOM   -1.00   BDFINANCE 9.70   0.40 4.30%   BDLAMPS 170.50   -1.10 -0.64%   BDTHAI 21.80   0.10 0.46%   BDWELDING 9.00   0.10 1.12%   BEACHHATCH 8.70   -0.10 -1.14%   BEACONPHAR 19.00   -1.10 -5.47%   BENGALWTL 39.10   -0.80 -2.01%   BERGERPBL 2400.00   -13.70 -0.57%   BEXIMCO 21.70   -0.20 -0.91%   BGIC   -0.20   BIFC   0.10   BNICL   -0.40   BRACBANK 66.00   -1.30 -1.93%   BRACSCBOND 1030.00   -10.00 -0.96%   BSC   -7.50   BSCCL   -2.40   BSRMLTD 140.80   3.40 2.47%   BSRMSTEEL 94.10   0.70 0.75%   BXPHARMA 82.50   0.20 0.24%   BXSYNTH 5.90   0.00 0.00%   CENTRALINS 15.60   -0.30 -1.89%   CENTRALPHL 14.30   -0.50 -3.38%   CITYBANK 23.40   0.40 1.74%   CITYGENINS 14.40   0.30 2.13%   CMCKAMAL 13.30   -0.10 -0.75%   CNATEX 7.70   0.00 0.00%   CONFIDCEM 119.00   0.80 0.68%   CONTININS 16.10   0.00 0.00%   CVOPRL 187.70   -15.80 -7.76%   DACCADYE 6.80   0.00 0.00%   DAFODILCOM 34.40   1.00 2.99%   DBH   -0.50   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 96.50   1.60 1.69%   DELTASPINN 8.50   0.20 2.41%   DESCO   0.60   DESHBANDHU 7.90   -0.20 -2.47%   DHAKABANK 16.00   -0.20 -1.23%   DHAKAINS 17.80   0.30 1.71%   DOREENPWR 120.00   -19.40 -13.92%   DSHGARME 350.00   3.20 0.92%   DSSL   0.10   DUTCHBANGL 106.50   -0.30 -0.28%   EASTERNINS 23.30   -0.50 -2.10%   EASTLAND 19.00   -0.90 -4.52%   EASTRNLUB 920.00   -67.90 -6.87%   EBL   0.10   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   -0.10 -2.08%   ECABLES 145.00   -0.50 -0.34%   EHL   -0.90   EMERALDOIL 31.80   -1.10 -3.34%   ETL   0.00   EXIM1STMF 6.50   -0.10 -1.52%   EXIMBANK 10.20   0.00 0.00%   FAMILYTEX 7.80   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 19.00   -0.30 -1.55%   FAREASTFIN 9.30   -0.10 -1.06%   FAREASTLIF 63.00   -0.90 -1.41%   FASFIN 10.80   0.00 0.00%   FBFIF   0.20   FEDERALINS 9.90   -0.20 -1.98%   FEKDIL 22.40   0.30 1.36%   FINEFOODS 21.90   1.70 8.42%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTSBANK 11.50   0.30 2.68%   FORTUNE 43.90   0.30 0.69%   FUWANGCER 14.70   -1.20 -7.55%   FUWANGFOOD 12.60   -0.50 -3.82%   GBBPOWER 14.60   -0.20 -1.35%   GEMINISEA 806.90   19.60 2.49%   GENNEXT 6.80   0.10 1.49%   GHAIL   1.00   GHCL   -1.70   GLAXOSMITH 1566.00   -3.70 -0.24%   GLOBALINS 12.50   -0.30 -2.34%   GOLDENSON 16.70   -0.40 -2.34%   GP   0.40   GPHISPAT 29.00   -0.20 -0.68%   GQBALLPEN 68.00   -1.20 -1.73%   GRAMEENS2 10.20   -0.20 -1.92%   GREENDELMF 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   GREENDELT 46.60   -0.30 -0.64%   GSPFINANCE 19.40   0.50 2.65%   HAKKANIPUL 44.10   -0.80 -1.78%   HEIDELBCEM 546.50   -5.90 -1.07%   HFL   -2.10   HRTEX   -0.20   HWAWELLTEX 35.50   0.20 0.57%   IBBLPBOND 967.00   -7.50 -0.77%   IBNSINA 217.40   8.50 4.07%   ICB1STNRB 18.60   -0.10 -0.53%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 4.40   -0.10 -2.22%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.10   -0.10 -1.92%   ICBEPMF1S1 5.90   0.00 0.00%   ICBIBANK 4.00   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 6.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   -1.70   IFADAUTOS 76.40   0.40 0.53%   IFIC   -0.20   IFIC1STMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   0.00 0.00%   ILFSL   0.00   IMAMBUTTON 11.40   1.00 9.62%   INTECH 12.20   0.00 0.00%   IPDC   0.10   ISLAMIBANK 29.20   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMICFIN 14.90   0.10 0.68%   ISLAMIINS 16.50   -0.20 -1.20%   ISNLTD 12.60   -0.30 -2.33%   ITC   -2.10   JAMUNABANK 14.30   0.00 0.00%   JAMUNAOIL 194.10   -4.00 -2.02%   JANATAINS 12.20   0.00 0.00%   JMISMDL 150.70   -5.90 -3.77%   JUTESPINN 56.50   1.00 1.80%   KARNAPHULI 13.30   -0.60 -4.32%   KAY&QUE 30.20   -1.90 -5.92%   KBPPWBIL 17.30   -0.90 -4.95%   KDSALTD 65.70   -1.20 -1.79%   KEYACOSMET 9.70   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 440.00   -38.50 -8.05%   KPCL   -0.10   KPPL   -0.10   LAFSURCEML 75.30   0.50 0.67%   LANKABAFIN 26.70   -0.10 -0.37%   LEGACYFOOT 18.50   -0.10 -0.54%   LIBRAINFU 518.10   -10.40 -1.97%   LINDEBD 1347.00   -7.40 -0.55%   LRGLOBMF1 6.40   -0.10 -1.54%   MAKSONSPIN 7.10   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.60   -0.20 -1.27%   MARICO 1219.70   15.80 1.31%   MATINSPINN 35.80   -0.70 -1.92%   MBL1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 6.80   0.20 3.03%   MEGHNACEM 93.00   -3.20 -3.33%   MEGHNALIFE 52.00   -0.20 -0.38%   MEGHNAPET 5.50   -0.10 -1.79%   MERCANBANK 13.40   0.30 2.29%   MERCINS 13.40   -0.10 -0.74%   METROSPIN 6.50   0.00 0.00%   MHSML   -1.80   MICEMENT 75.40   -3.60 -4.56%   MIDASFIN 23.60   -0.40 -1.67%   MIRACLEIND 38.20   -0.60 -1.55%   MITHUNKNIT 66.90   -2.40 -3.46%   MJLBD   -0.60   MODERNDYE 201.20   -19.20 -8.71%   MONNOCERA 36.00   -0.70 -1.91%   MONNOSTAF 576.00   -2.00 -0.35%   MPETROLEUM 182.60   -4.00 -2.14%   MTB   0.30   NATLIFEINS 170.70   0.10 0.06%   NAVANACNG 54.80   -1.80 -3.18%   NBL   0.00   NCCBANK 10.30   -0.10 -0.96%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   NFML   -0.40   NHFIL   2.20   NITOLINS 21.40   0.30 1.42%   NLI1STMF 12.60   -0.20 -1.56%   NORTHERN 220.00   -7.30 -3.21%   NORTHRNINS 18.10   0.00 0.00%   NPOLYMAR 85.00   -0.90 -1.05%   NTC   -26.90   NTLTUBES 126.90   11.10 9.59%   OAL   0.60   OLYMPIC 304.90   -3.70 -1.20%   ONEBANKLTD 14.60   -0.10 -0.68%   ORIONINFU 59.90   -6.60 -9.92%   ORIONPHARM 35.30   -0.60 -1.67%   PADMALIFE 23.60   0.50 2.16%   PADMAOIL 184.90   -2.90 -1.54%   PARAMOUNT 19.70   0.30 1.55%   PENINSULA 25.40   1.50 6.28%   PEOPLESINS 16.40   -0.20 -1.20%   PF1STMF 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   PHARMAID 257.20   -10.80 -4.03%   PHENIXINS 21.30   0.10 0.47%   PHOENIXFIN 23.50   0.70 3.07%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 28.80   -0.30 -1.03%   PLFSL   0.00   POPULAR1MF 4.50   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 67.60   0.20 0.30%   POWERGRID 58.90   -5.90 -9.10%   PRAGATIINS 25.20   -0.30 -1.18%   PRAGATILIF 88.50   -0.10 -0.11%   PREMIERBAN 8.60   -0.10 -1.15%   PREMIERCEM 87.00   1.90 2.23%   PREMIERLEA 10.00   0.30 3.09%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   0.00 0.00%   PRIMEBANK 15.10   0.10 0.67%   PRIMEFIN 7.80   -0.30 -3.70%   PRIMEINSUR 16.00   0.00 0.00%   PRIMELIFE 57.00   -0.70 -1.21%   PRIMETEX 21.10   0.30 1.44%   PROGRESLIF 49.00   -0.70 -1.41%   PROVATIINS 14.00   0.00 0.00%   PTL   -0.70   PUBALIBANK 19.80   -0.30 -1.49%   PURABIGEN 15.70   0.00 0.00%   QSMDRYCELL 88.50   -1.20 -1.34%   RAHIMAFOOD 89.00   -6.10 -6.41%   RAHIMTEXT 237.00   -2.40 -1.00%   RAKCERAMIC 58.10   0.20 0.35%   RANFOUNDRY 104.00   0.20 0.19%   RDFOOD 15.70   0.90 6.08%   RECKITTBEN 1571.00   -13.80 -0.87%   REGENTTEX 12.20   -0.10 -0.81%   RELIANCE1 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   RELIANCINS 45.30   -0.90 -1.95%   RENATA 1092.90   -6.20 -0.56%   RENWICKJA 590.00   -11.60 -1.93%   REPUBLIC 15.40   -0.30 -1.91%   RNSPIN 18.00   0.20 1.12%   RSRMSTEEL 42.30   -0.80 -1.86%   RUPALIBANK 25.50   -0.20 -0.78%   RUPALIINS 16.50   -0.10 -0.60%   RUPALILIFE 35.40   1.10 3.21%   SAFKOSPINN 10.70   0.00 0.00%   SAIFPOWER 60.00   -0.20 -0.33%   SAIHAMCOT 14.60   0.10 0.69%   SAIHAMTEX 13.70   0.00 0.00%   SALAMCRST 26.20   0.00 0.00%   SALVOCHEM 11.50   0.30 2.68%   SAMATALETH 24.90   0.70 2.89%   SAMORITA 62.70   -0.20 -0.32%   SANDHANINS 29.00   0.00 0.00%   SAPORTL 38.70   -2.10 -5.15%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   -0.10 -0.85%   SEMLLECMF 9.40   0.00 0.00%   SHAHJABANK 13.40   0.00 0.00%   SHASHADNIM 62.00   4.50 7.83%   SHURWID 8.20   0.10 1.23%   SHYAMPSUG 12.70   -0.40 -3.05%   SIBL   0.40   SIMTEX 18.50   -1.30 -6.57%   SINGERBD 186.40   -0.20 -0.11%   SINOBANGLA 22.30   0.10 0.45%   SONALIANSH 199.90   3.10 1.58%   SONARBAINS 14.60   0.00 0.00%   SONARGAON 8.90   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.20   0.10 0.58%   SPCERAMICS 8.30   0.10 1.22%   SPCL   -1.10   SQUARETEXT 65.00   -0.90 -1.37%   STANCERAM 57.60   -6.40 -10.00%   STANDARINS 18.60   -0.10 -0.53%   STANDBANKL 10.10   0.20 2.02%   STYLECRAFT 1566.00   -103.60 -6.21%   SUMITPOWER 33.80   -0.20 -0.59%   SUNLIFEINS 17.70   -0.30 -1.67%   TAKAFULINS 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   TALLUSPIN 8.40   -0.20 -2.33%   TITASGAS 47.60   -0.50 -1.04%   TOSRIFA 17.70   0.30 1.72%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 22.90   0.00 0.00%   TUNGHAI 11.10   0.10 0.91%   UCB   0.00   UNIONCAP 12.10   -0.20 -1.63%   UNIQUEHRL 41.50   -0.30 -0.72%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 19.60   -0.20 -1.01%   UNITEDINS 25.20   0.20 0.80%   UPGDCL 142.10   -1.70 -1.18%   USMANIAGL 93.80   -2.30 -2.39%   UTTARABANK 23.30   0.10 0.43%   UTTARAFIN 57.00   0.00 0.00%   VAMLBDMF1 8.80   -0.10 -1.12%   WATACHEM 149.90   -0.90 -0.60%   WMSHIPYARD 25.50   0.70 2.82%   YPL   -0.30   ZAHEENSPIN 14.70   -0.50 -3.29%   ZAHINTEX 15.30   -1.90 -11.05%   ZEALBANGLA 17.40   0.30 1.75%   Latest News Next budget size to be Tk 3.9t Free elections crucial for giving citizens voice: UK Ctg passengers suffer as Biman flight fails to land due to dense fog AL assures all of 'a non-partisan EC' China hands over 2 subs – Nabajatra, Joyjatra Measure against vehicle theft Supermoon lighting up sky Mushfiqur smashes 1000-run barrier in BPL BB seeks banks' help to revamp receding remittance inflows Southeast Asia gets trumped? Anti-Trump protests continue: Abolition of electoral college system demanded TIME - 06:16 am National Ctg passengers suffer as Biman flight fails to Economy Frequent power outages hurting industrial output, says MCCI World Trump to deport 3m illegal immigrants Stock Stocks extend losses for 2nd day BB seeks banks' help to revamp receding remittance inflows TOP NEWS Trump switches preference to ‘fencing’ over wall HC order for injured Santals Power co recommends dividend Oil co recommends dividend Manna's bail stayed til Nov 27 GSP linked to labour rights: Bernicat Bank rate should come down to 4pc Hindu house attacked yet again NCC Bank mandates IDLC Finance for arranging bond ICAB training on BFRS,BAS held IMF queries rising NPLs in banks November 14, 2016, 11:47 pm A visiting International Monetary Fund (IMF) delegation queried the reasons behind the surge in non-performing loans (NPLs) in the banking system of Bangladesh. The query was made at a meeting with senior officials of the Bangladesh Bank (BB) Monday, according to Read more Business environ, trade policy regime improvement necessary November 14, 2016, 11:50 pm Improving the business environment and trade regime are the keys to turn Bangladesh into an export powerhouse like its East Asian neighbours, says a new World Bank report. Simultaneously, the report has called for better connection to the global value chain, Read more Economy Bogra growers eyeing Tk 20,000 profit from per bigha production BOGRA, Nov 14: Cultivators of early potato variety of the district are expecting a satisfactory production and a good profit as well this season. Many farmers who wanted to cultivate early varieties of potatoes bought seeds from different kitchen markets. But, the farmers have to endure scarcity of quality seeds during the time of plantation. Officials of the Department of Agriculture Extension (DAE) said farmers of the district usually start the potato variety from the early October and is expecting to harvest the crop in mid-December. "We made a good profit cultivating early varieties of potato the last season," said Helal Ali, a Japan economy grows faster than expected: BOJ November 14, 2016, 2:57 pm Egypt targets 8.5-9.5pc budget deficit November 14, 2016, 1:06 pm UAE, China ideal places for youths to grow careers: WEF survey November 13, 2016, 6:34 pm Malaysian central bank urges caution amid ringgit volatility November 12, 2016, 8:08 pm German economy likely grew in Q3 despite Brexit November 11, 2016, 6:47 pm Finance Next budget size to be Tk 3.9t The next national budget will be around Tk 3.9 trillion to support increased economic activities, Finance Minister AMA Muhith said Monday with forethoughts on more public-welfare spending.       The current fiscal's budget is Tk 3.41 trillion. "For the next year this board Q1 income tax receipt well below target WB-govt talks on insurance sector uplift loan likely this month Now BD can attract more FDI, says BEPZIA chief Govt nominates two representatives to BIDA Editorial Measure against vehicle theft That two vehicles are stolen or carjacked each day on Measure against vehicle theft That two vehicles are stolen or carjacked each day on Op-Ed Global leadership: Of fat cats, mice and vice History is riddled with too many instances of turmoil unnecessarily Global leadership: Of fat cats, mice and vice History is riddled with too many instances of turmoil unnecessarily Hijab controversy: Champion beneath the veil I don't know about you all, but I am pretty Hijab controversy: Champion beneath the veil I don't know about you all, but I am pretty SDGs implementation: The role of social enterprises Governments and the UN system have an enormous responsibility in SDGs implementation: The role of social enterprises Governments and the UN system have an enormous responsibility in Stock BBS tops DSE transaction chart Bangladesh Building Systems (BBS) dominated Monday the transaction chart of the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) while RAK Ceramics (Bangladesh) most-traded DSE to get full membership of WFE Share dips further  European shares rise in early trading New Zealand shares up  Australian shares fall  SE Asia stocks slip  MCCI sees 'slight improvement' in July-Sept quarter Power Grid recommends 12pc cash div National China hands over 2 subs – Nabajatra, Joyjatra China has handed two conventional submarines over to Bangladesh. The submarines, christened ‘Nabajatra’ and ‘Joyjatra’, will be included in the Bangladesh Navy's fleet once they arrive. Chinese Rear Admiral Liu Zizhu handed the submarines over to Bangladesh Navy chief Admiral Nizamuddin Ahmed at a ceremony at a shipyard in Dalian city in China's Liaoning province on Monday, the Inter Services Public Narayanganj city polls Dec 22 Narsingdi clash leaves 4 dead, 100 hurt Weather likely to remain dry Man found dead in Laxmipur Two arrest with 30 kg hemp  Four cops closed in Rajshahi  BGB seize Indian huge sarees Deed writer killed in Comilla Trade and Market Govt to appoint C&F agents to Mongla, Ctg seaports The government is set to appoint clearing and forwarding (C&F) and transport agents to Mongla and Chittagong seaports for quick unloading and transport of imported fertilisers and other goods by Bangladesh Agricultural Development Corporation (BADC), officials said. To this effect, the cabinet committee on public purchase is going to endorse two project proposals for the appointment of the agents involving over MCCI projects export, import, remittance to rise in Nov, Dec Atiur puts thrust on digitisation to address business challenges Ital-Thai again misses fiscal report deadline Imported fabrics a hindrance to rise in woven garments value addition BD’s per hour apparel export lowest in South Asia Dollar hits nine-month high  Oil prices extend loses Border trade falls drastically World Syria violence claims 23 lives BEIRUT, Nov 14 (AP): At least 11 children were among 23 people killed Sunday in northern Syria as pro-government forces kept up their campaign against opposition areas in the country's north, while rebels shelled a government-held district in Aleppo city. At least eight more people were killed in a suspected airstrike on a crossing point connecting Kurdish-held areas with rebel areas in northern Aleppo province, the Kurdish security force said. The violence Sunday comes a day after government troops repelled a rebel ... Israel to ban use of loudspeakers for ‘Azaan’ NZ to send choppers, ships to rescue tourists   Pro-Russia politician set to win Moldova presidential race Sci-tech Supermoon lighting up sky The brightest moon in almost 69 years is lighting up the sky in a treat for star watchers around the Smart City Hackathon organised in city 'Terrible error' over Facebook bug Apple officially selling refurbished iPhones Education Hamid urged UGC to ensure better higher education President Abdul Hamid has asked the University Grants Commission (UGC) to take steps to ensure quality of higher education. Hamid made Five teachers to face action over JSC question 'All banks should introduce stipend for education' Hamid urges youths to uphold spirit of communal harmony Sports Mushfiqur smashes 1000-run barrier in BPL Mushfiqur Rahim has become the first batsman to notch a four-figure run tally in the Bangladesh Premier League (BPL) as Barisal Bulls hunted down Chittagong Vikings to go top of the table with their third win. After a gritty 75 from Vikings captain Tamim Iqbal set them on a 164-run chase, Barisal coasted to the win in the last over with 7 wickets to spare at the Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium on Monday. When the Bangladesh wicketkeeper-batsman walked out, Shahriar Nafees (65) and ... Bulls outplay Vikings by seven wkts PDB beat City Club by six runs Uttar Baridhara hold Arambagh Health World Diabetes Day being observed World Diabetes Day is being observed in Bangladesh as other countries in the globe through various programmes on Monday. Danish pharmaceuticals DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Bird flu outbreak feared for interface of wild and domestic birds Chikungunya: ‘Lazy mosquitoes’ linked to more infections in women Entertainment International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city The third and final day of the second Dhaka International Folk Fest had a lot of expectations from music lovers, Muhith inaugurates Nabanna Utsab Nov 15 Humayun Ahmed's 68th birth anniv being observed Shah Rukh is always open to opinions: Alia Bhatt Politics Free elections crucial for giving citizens voice: UK British High Commissioner in Dhaka Alison Blake said on Monday free and fair elections, in any country, are crucial for giving all the citizens a stake and a voice in the government of their country, reports UNB. She said there is a need for all to have 'confidence' that the election process will be a free and fair as she thinks democracy is about more than about what happens on the election day, or even the electoral process and the weeks ... AL assures all of 'a non-partisan EC' AL won't give nominations to controversial figures: Quader Anti-Trump demonstrators preparing for long fight Country Manpower shortage hampers FDIL operation in Gaibandha GAIBANDHA, Nov 14: Field Diseases Investigation Laboratory (FDIL) here is beset with multifarious problems including manpower crisis causing it cannot Speakers for wider intervention under CDI programme in Sylhet division Two minors drowned in Dinajpur Man found dead in Laxmipur PHOTO GALLERY Supermoon appeared all over the world on Monday night. It is the coincidence of a full moon or a New moon with the closest approach the Moon makes to the Earth on its elliptical orbit. Supermoon is 14pc bigger and 30pc brighter than usual. This picture was taken from Dhaka’s Topkhana Road area. – FE Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina holds a videoconference with the officials, local representatives and people of different professions of Rajshahi division from her official residence Ganabhaban on Saturday. –UNB Photo Hundreds of protester, including students of different universities, staged a demonstration in the city’s Shahbagh area on Friday over recent wave of attacks on people from Hindu community in Brahmanbaria and other parts of the country. – FE photo Deputy Foreign Minister of Italy Senator Benedetto Della Vedova called on Prime Minieter Sheikh Hasina at Gonobhaban on Thursday. – Focus Bangla Different social and political organisations placed wreaths at the Shaheed Noor Hossain Square in the capital’s Gulistan area to observe Shaheed Noor Hossain Day on Thursday. – Focus Bangla more news Southeast Asia gets trumped? November 14, 2016, 10:01 pm Anti-Trump protests continue: Abolition of electoral college system demanded November 14, 2016, 9:52 pm Atiur puts thrust on digitisation to address business challenges November 14, 2016, 9:48 pm Ital-Thai again misses fiscal report deadline November 14, 2016, 9:46 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 66 ISSUES DECLINED 155 Most popular Trump makes first key hires November 14, 2016, 9:52 am BB to seek remedies for receding remittance November 14, 2016, 12:07 am Now BD can attract more FDI, says BEPZIA chief November 14, 2016, 12:08 am Three burnt in Dhaka flat fire November 14, 2016, 11:44 am Malaysia awaits arrival of 8,000 from Bangladesh November 14, 2016, 12:06 am Radical pension reform awaits PMO approval November 14, 2016, 12:12 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG NTLTUBES 115.80 127.30 117.00 126.90 9.59 ACMELAB 99.60 107.00 101.50 105.90 6.33 PENINSULA 23.90 25.40 23.30 25.20 5.44 SHASHADNIM 57.50 62.90 55.00 60.50 5.22 SALVOCHEM 11.20 12.10 11.30 11.70 4.46 IBNSINA 208.90 225.70 213.00 217.70 4.21 NORTHRNINS 18.10 18.90 17.50 18.80 3.87 NHFIL 47.70 50.40 46.90 49.50 3.77 OAL 19.70 21.00 19.90 20.40 3.55 BDFINANCE 9.30 9.70 9.30 9.60 3.23 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation SHASHADNIM 56.00 62.90 55.00 62.00 10.71 PENINSULA 24.00 25.40 23.30 25.40 5.83 NTLTUBES 120.00 127.30 117.00 126.90 5.75 USMANIAGL 88.80 97.00 88.80 93.80 5.63 DOREENPWR 115.00 124.90 115.00 120.00 4.35 BDFINANCE 9.30 9.70 9.30 9.70 4.30 ACMELAB 102.00 107.00 101.50 106.00 3.92 RUPALILIFE 34.10 35.50 34.10 35.40 3.81 NHFIL 48.10 50.40 46.90 49.90 3.74 GHAIL 33.90 35.00 32.90 34.90 2.95 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG DOREENPWR 139.40 124.90 115.00 119.00 -14.63 ZAHINTEX 17.20 15.80 15.10 15.40 -10.47 STANCERAM 64.00 58.50 57.60 57.60 -10.00 ORIONINFU 66.50 65.00 59.90 60.10 -9.62 FUWANGCER 15.90 15.50 14.40 14.50 -8.81 MODERNDYE 220.40 207.50 201.20 201.20 -8.71 POWERGRID 64.80 66.80 57.50 59.20 -8.64 MHSML 19.10 19.00 17.20 17.50 -8.38 BANGAS 112.00 110.00 102.00 102.90 -8.13 CVOPRL 203.50 197.00 185.70 187.10 -8.06 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation RAHIMAFOOD 98.70 98.70 88.90 89.00 -9.83 POWERGRID 64.80 66.80 57.50 58.90 -9.11 MHSML 19.00 19.00 17.20 17.30 -8.95 MIDASFIN 25.90 26.40 23.60 23.60 -8.88 APEXFOODS 159.70 159.70 142.00 146.60 -8.20 ORIONINFU 65.00 65.00 59.90 59.90 -7.85 KAY&QUE 32.50 32.50 30.20 30.20 -7.08 LEGACYFOOT 19.90 19.90 17.80 18.50 -7.04 BEACONPHAR 20.40 20.50 18.60 19.00 -6.86 BANGAS 110.00 110.00 102.00 102.50 -6.82 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Premier League Southampton 0-2 Chelsea: Premier League – as it happened Eden Hazard and Diego Costa scored excellent goals as Chelsea maintained their superb form with an immaculate away performance Updated Costa celebrates scoring the second for Chelsea. Photograph: Darren Walsh/CFC via Getty Images Rob Smyth Sunday 30 October 2016 13.50 EDT Last modified on Sunday 30 October 2016 14.08 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Key events Show 1.50pm EDT 13:50 Full time: Southampton 0-2 Chelsea 1.13pm EDT 13:13 GOAL! Southampton 0-2 Chelsea (Diego Costa 55) 12.48pm EDT 12:48 Half-time: Southampton 0-1 Chelsea (Hazard) 12.07pm EDT 12:07 GOAL! Southampton 0-1 Chelsea (Hazard 6) 9.58am EDT 09:58 Preamble 11.05am EDT 11:05 The teams Live feed Show 2.08pm EDT 14:08 Here’s Dominic Fifield’s match report: Chelsea’s Eden Hazard and Diego Costa turn on style to sink Southampton Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.50pm EDT 13:50 Full time: Southampton 0-2 Chelsea That was an extremely impressive performance from Chelsea, perhaps their best of the season. Their defence didn’t give Southampton a sniff, and Eden Hazard and Diego Costa were full of menace on the break. Since moving to a back three they have won four league games in a row by a combined score of 11-0. They are less adventurous than the three sides above them but they look dangerous and durable. Thanks for your company, night. Antonio Conte applauds the fans after the final whistle. Photograph: Toby Melville/Reuters Updated at 1.59pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.45pm EDT 13:45 89 min Diego Costa is replaced by Michy Batshuayi. He had a terrific game. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.43pm EDT 13:43 87 min Chelsea bring on Branislav Ivanovic for the impressive Victor Moses. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.41pm EDT 13:41 85 min Austin has a goal disallowed for offside after robbing David Luiz. It was the right decision, though it was extremely close. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.41pm EDT 13:41 84 min Another excellent Chelsea attack. Costa curls a long pass to the wing-back Moses on the right. He runs across the line of the box, uses Willian by not using him and belts a left-footed shot that is too hot for Forster to hold. Updated at 1.41pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.37pm EDT 13:37 81 min A summary of this match. Updated at 1.37pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.35pm EDT 13:35 78 min Substitutions galore. Chelsea introduce Willian for Pedro; Southampton bring on Sam McQueen and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg for Dusan Tadic and Ryan Bertrand. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.33pm EDT 13:33 76 min Southampton almost pulled one back. Martina’s curling cross was met at the near post by Davis, who headed it onto the challenging David Luiz. From there it looped over Courtois and onto the top of the bar. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.30pm EDT 13:30 74 min Chelsea have been brilliant in the second half. Before half-time they were excellent defensively but offered almost nothing going forward. Since the break they could have scored four or five. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.28pm EDT 13:28 71 min Hazard almost repeats his goal against Manchester United last week. He ran at Martina on the left of the box, moved the ball infield and drove it low across goal. It wasn’t quite in the corner, however, and Forster got down smartly to his left to save. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.25pm EDT 13:25 69 min Bertrand breaks down the left and wafts a nice cross towards Austin, who gets above Cahill on the six-yard line but thumps his header over the bar. That was Southampton’s best chance of the match. Austin holds his head in his hands after missing a chance. Photograph: Ian Walton/Getty Images Updated at 1.42pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.25pm EDT 13:25 68 min Southampton have only had one shot on target, Tadic’s free-kick in the first half. That tells you how well Chelsea have defended. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.24pm EDT 13:24 67 min This game is done. Chelsea are in full catenaccio mode and Southampton have no answer. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.21pm EDT 13:21 63 min How did that stay out? Moses’s shot was spilled by Forster to Hazard, who calmly squared it across the six-yard line for Costa. Forster was out of the game but there was a defender on the line and Costa, for some reason, tried to give the goal to Pedro. His pass was slightly behind Pedro, who was eventually crowded out by the defence. It was lovely play from Hazard, reminiscent of Karel Poborsky’s brilliant assist for Vladimir Smicer in the 3-2 win over the Netherlands at Euro 2004. Updated at 1.21pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.17pm EDT 13:17 61 min Southampton make their first change, with Clasie replaced by Sofiane Boufal. Updated at 1.18pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.15pm EDT 13:15 58 min Almost a third goal for Chelsea. Hazard’s low cross to the near post is swept over the bar by Costa, who was under pressure from the sliding Fonte on the six-yard line. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.15pm EDT 13:15 57 min This has been an immaculate away performance from Chelsea. It’s hard to believe it’s just over a month since they were a mess at Arsenal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.13pm EDT 13:13 GOAL! Southampton 0-2 Chelsea (Diego Costa 55) This is a wonderful goal from Diego Costa! Chelsea took a short free-kick on the left, where Hazard gave the ball to Costa. He moved infield and them, just from just outside the box, smacked a magnificent curling shot into the far corner. Brilliant. He was helped by some half-arsed defending from Martina, who couldn’t be bothered to close him down properly, but it was still a fantastic goal. Costa celebrates scoring the secong for The Blues. Photograph: Clive Rose/Getty Images Updated at 1.23pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.11pm EDT 13:11 55 min Chelsea look very comfortable defensively, and a bit more purposeful in attack than they were in the first half. This is their best spell of the game. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.10pm EDT 13:10 52 min Chelsea counter-attack promisingly until Alonso picks the wrong option, a shot from 25 yards, and executes it dismally. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.09pm EDT 13:09 50 min Matic heads the corner over the bar. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.08pm EDT 13:08 49 min Fonte saves a goal with a crucial interception. Kante drove a crossfield pass to Alonso, who delivered a beautiful low cross along the six-yard line. Fonte, sliding towards his own goal, knew he had to do something because Hazard was behind him waiting to score, and he just managed to slice it wide of the far post from a corner. Hazard reacts after Fonte got his boot to the ball. Photograph: Glyn Kirk/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 1.18pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.06pm EDT 13:06 48 min Southampton have some decent attacking options on the bench, including Boufal, McQueen and Hojbjerg. I suspect they’re going to need them. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.02pm EDT 13:02 46 min Southampton kick off from left to right. Peep peep! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.49pm EDT 12:49 Half-time reading A Sunderland escapology act this season will be little short of a miracle | Barry Glendenning Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.48pm EDT 12:48 Half-time: Southampton 0-1 Chelsea (Hazard) Peep peep! Chelsea have done an efficient number on Southampton, scoring early through Eden Hazard and defend in the Serie A style. Southampton have not played badly at all but they are really struggling to add the progression to their possession. See you in 10 minutes for the second half. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.47pm EDT 12:47 45+1 min Southampton appeal for a penalty when Austin goes over after an aerial challenge with Kante. There was nothing in that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.46pm EDT 12:46 44 min “Shearer last night said that Aguero is the only world-class player in the Premiership,” says Ian Copestake. “Given there are only about five world class players in the actual world then perhaps his comment has no actual shock value.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.43pm EDT 12:43 43 min Austin does exceedingly well, Mr Kipling, to win a corner for Southampton. Bugger all happens from the corner, however, so he needn’t have bothered. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.42pm EDT 12:42 41 min Matic robs Clasie and plays a gentle through pass for Costa. He lumbers into the box and whacks a low shot that is kicked away by Forster. That’s a crucial save because you can’t see Southampton coming back from 2-0 down against this defence. Costa shoots. Photograph: Tony O'Brien/Reuters Updated at 12.48pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.39pm EDT 12:39 38 min Good play from Hazard, who veers away from Van Dijk and Romeu 20 yards from goal before hitting a low curling shot that is comfortably saved by Forster. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.34pm EDT 12:34 33 min A desperate clearance from David Luiz finds Hazard on the left. He has a great chance to put Pedro through on goal but mishits his crossfield pass. Eventually it comes to Moses, whose shot deflects wide for a corner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.32pm EDT 12:32 31 min This is almost like a training session, with Southampton attacking and Chelsea defending. Chelsea look superbly organised at the back and Southampton can’t make any progress. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.29pm EDT 12:29 27 min Alonso shoves Tadic over 25 yards from goal. He’s been the weakest of Chelsea’s back seven thus far. The free-kick is a far way to the right of centre, and Chelsea only have a three-man wall. Tadic curls it low around that wall and Courtois plunges to his left to palm it round. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.24pm EDT 12:24 23 min Tadic started the match superbly but hasn’t been involved much in the last 10 minutes. For all their nice passing, Southampton haven’t really got behind Chelsea. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.22pm EDT 12:22 21 min Davis’s corner from the left is headed back to him by Cahill. He lobs another cross beyond the far post, where the under-pressure Fonte can’t direct his header on target. Cahill heads the ball back in. Photograph: Darren Walsh/CFC via Getty Images Updated at 12.43pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.21pm EDT 12:21 20 min Hazard looks menacing every time he gets the ball. After missing almost all of last season through apathy, he is fit and firing again. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.18pm EDT 12:18 17 min “I’m glad to see Chelsea finally showing signs of change after playing in a similar way regardless of manager,” says Nas Iqbal. “Conte’s trust in Luiz and Moses is reaping big rewards right now.” They look formidable defensively now, with three centre-backs and Kante and Matic in front of them. Good luck getting through that mob. Updated at 12.18pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.17pm EDT 12:17 16 min Southampton win a corner on the left, play it short and make a balls of it. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.14pm EDT 12:14 14 min Davis’s inswinging free-kick from a narrow position to the left is headed well wide by Austin, lurking near the penalty spot. That was a decent chance but he got far too much on the header. Updated at 12.15pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.14pm EDT 12:14 13 min Southampton have responded well to going behind, with some confident, easy passing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.09pm EDT 12:09 9 min “I still have not quite recovered from the cricket this morning, me not being the type to be glad of a loss despite the incessant practice,” says Ian Copestake. “So I hope Southampton can build a good lead before tea.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.09pm EDT 12:09 8 min This has been a cracking start to the match, and Redmond almost slithers through the Chelsea defence at the other end. He would have done so but for that pesky Matic, who made an excellent interception. Redmond takes on Matic, Azpilicueta and Luiz. Photograph: Glyn Kirk/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 12.23pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.08pm EDT 12:08 7 min As Gary Neville says on Sky, “once you’re one against one with Hazard in the box, you’re dead”. He beat Davis easily and then cracked the shot through Forster. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.07pm EDT 12:07 GOAL! Southampton 0-1 Chelsea (Hazard 6) Chelsea take the lead! It’s a classy goal from Hazard, who is starting to look back to his best. He moseyed over to the right side of the box to receive a return pass from Moses, turned inside Davis and belted a low left-footed shot through the legs of Forster. Hazard celebrates scoring the opener. Photograph: Toby Melville/Reuters Updated at 12.15pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.06pm EDT 12:06 5 min Tadic picks up a loose ball on the edge of the box and hits a shot that is well blocked by Matic. Moments later, after Tadic makes a fool of Alonso, Romeu hooks a bouncing ball over the bar from 30 yards. Tadic takes the ball past Alonso. Photograph: Clive Rose/Getty Images Updated at 12.17pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.05pm EDT 12:05 3 min “Okay Rob,” says Matt Loten, “first poser of the afternoon for you: what is Pedro doing right to keep Chelsea’s best player of last season, Willian, on the bench? Don’t get me wrong, the Spaniard has plenty of qualities - you don’t play in that Barcelona team without qualities - but to my mind Willian is a far more consistent threat, and better at playing the ball between the lines. His free kicks aren’t half bad either. Is Conte just sticking with a winning team, or is Pedro really the better choice?” Willian is probably a better player but I’d say Pedro suits the 3-4-3 system a bit better. Also, Pedro was superb last week so I’m sure there is an element of not changing a winning side. I can’t see Willian being on the bench for long, especially as you could play him in a few positions. Updated at 12.06pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.04pm EDT 12:04 2 min Hazard makes a good angled run to the right of the box before crossing towards Costa at the near post. His attempted shot is blocked by a defender and dribbles through to Forster. Costa shoots under pressure from Martina. Photograph: Ian Walton/Getty Images Updated at 12.11pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.00pm EDT 12:00 1 min Peep peep! Chelsea kick off from left to right. They’re in blue; Southampton are wearing the usual red-and-white stripes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.56am EDT 11:56 The players emerge from the tunnel into the cool Southampton air. The weather’s nice. A little brisk. The Southampton and Chelsea teams take part in a minute silence in honour of remembrance day. Photograph: Clive Rose/Getty Images Updated at 12.12pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.44am EDT 11:44 Everton beat West Ham 2-0 in the first match of the day. You can read all about it here. Romelu Lukaku and Ross Barkley get Everton back on track against West Ham Read more Updated at 11.52am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.05am EDT 11:05 The teams Southampton (4-D-2) Forster; Martina, Fonte, Van Dijk, Bertrand; Romeu, Davis, Clasie; Tadic; Redmond, Austin. Substitutes: Taylor, McQueen, Yoshida, Hojbjerg, Ward-Browse, Boufal, Olomola. Chelsea (3-4-3) Courtois; Azpilicueta, David Luiz, Cahill; Moses, Kante, Matic, Alonso; Pedro, Costa, Hazard. Substitutes: Begovic, Ivanovic, Terry, Chalobah, Oscar, Willian, Batshuayi. Referee Mike Jones Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.58am EDT 09:58 Preamble Chelsea are the team of the season so far. No, you big eejit, I don’t mean they’ve been the best team, but they are the team who best reflect the old-fashioned unpredictability of the 2016-17 Premier League season. In the first few weeks, when they picked up all those points through late goals, they were apparently the likeliest challengers to the Manchester clubs. Then they were an in-transition shambles who even lost to Arsenal. Now, after Antonio Conte’s switch to three at the back, they are apparently the likeliest challengers to Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool. William Goldman was right: nobody knows anything. So we might as well just enjoy what looks like a cracking game between Chelsea and the always admirable Southampton. Chelsea are the only team to win a league match at St Mary’s this year, a reflection of how tricky a match this is likely to be. A win for Chelsea would take them within a point of the top three; a win for Southampton would take them above Manchester United. Kick off is at 4pm. Updated at 11.08am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.52am EDT 09:52 Rob will be here soon enough. Until then, read Antonio Conte’s thoughts on fruit and varying formations: Under Antonio Conte Chelsea’s stomachs are settling. It has been a fraught 12 months but three Premier League wins of increasing significance have brought a pronounced change in tone and the manager’s tweaks, both on and off the pitch, appear to have swiftly borne fruit. In fact fruit is only part of it. Conte’s reputation for keeping firm control over his players’ diets preceded his arrival in July and, in relaxed form at Cobham before Sunday’s visit to Southampton, he explained that his insistence on balanced food intake stems from a penny dropping late in his playing career. Chelsea’s upturn in fortune gives Antonio Conte food for thought Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close Topics Premier League Southampton Chelsea Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Premier League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Google Gaming Tech Google is celebrating Halloween with an adorable, ghastly game New, 11 comments by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Oct 30, 2016, 10:42am EDT share tweet Linkedin Google A magical academy has been overrun by ghosts and ghouls! A cat named Momo accidentally summoned a spirit, which stole the school’s master spellbook. Google’s new doodle gets into the Halloween spirit a bit early this year with a browser game. This is a really clever game. Players disperse the ghosts by drawing the symbol hovering over their heads: a V and inverted V, horizontal and vertical lines, and lightning bolts. Players draw a heart to replenish their lives. Google The game takes place in five levels: the school’s library, cafeteria, a classroom, the gym, and the roof, each with their own boss. As each level progresses, the ghosts come with even more complicated strings of symbols, which you have to cast in the right order to make them go away. Google Google outlined the behind-the-scenes process of the game in a post, noting that the game was originally about a cat that made soup, before they shifted the idea to a wizard school. It’s a cute game for a browser, but it also seems as though it could be well suited for other mediums, such as VR. Source: Google Doodle Next Up In Gaming Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro How much should the Nintendo Switch cost? The Martian VR Experience is coming to PSVR and Vive tomorrow Watch Dogs 2 is exactly what the original game should have been Telltale is apparently working on a Guardians of the Galaxy game This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 12. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 3 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
TV Opinion Weird Election 2016 Sports Entertainment Food Newsletter Search Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook Menu NBC News' Pete Williams Chokes Up While Reporting On News of Gwen Ifill's Death Mike Pence Fights to Keep His Emails Private Nikki Finke to Join Mediaite as Senior Columnist By Naming Bannon Strategist, Trump Teaches Biased Liberal Media Elections Have Consequences Dem Strategist Mocks Trump Supporter Beat Up By Mob: 'Oh My Goodness, Poor White People!' Trump Claims That Twitter, Facebook, and Google Are ‘Burying’ FBI News by Josh Feldman | 10:51 am, October 30th, 2016   Donald Trump is claiming this morning that Facebook, Twitter, and Google are suppressing news about the FBI’s big announcement. Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 30, 2016 Now, leaving aside the fact that the idea that anyone is somehow in the dark about what the FBI announced, this is Facebook’s trending list as of 10:36 am ET (10 minutes after Trump tweeted this out: This claim of Trump’s appears to have originated from Zero Hedge, which also claims that this is also not a “hot topic” on Twitter. Their evidence is a screenshot of Twitter moments. As of this posting, not only is there a mention of the email controversy at the top of Twitter moments, but Comey was trending yesterday and is still listed in Twitter moments right now. Also, not to state the obvious, but this was trending pretty much everywhere on Friday when the news broke. So. [image via screengrab] — — Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac Follow Mediaite Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook filed under Donald Trump, media bias Justin Ross Harris Trial Around the Web Sign up for the Mediaite newsletter What's Popular Kate McKinnon as Hillary Clinton Sings ‘Hallelujah’ in SNL Cold Open Comedian Wanda Sykes Flips Off Crowd After Getting Booed For Calling Trump a ‘Racist’ This Week Blows Up as Mary Matalin Demands Van Jones Retract ‘Whitelash’ Remarks SNL Recaps an Election Night Watch Party Full of Overconfident Democrats Bill Maher Thinks a Trump Presidency Will Rid Us of PC Culture and Islam Apologists Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here. « Previous Post Next Post » © 2016 Mediaite, LLC | About Us | Advertise | Newsletter | Jobs | Privacy | User Agreement | Disclaimer | Contact | Archives | RSS Dan Abrams, Founder Mediaite The Mary Sue RunwayRiot LawNewz Gossip Cop

International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US Election World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Update Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod [unofficial] CM 14.1 custom ROM [How to install] Here's a tutorial on how to install CyanogenMod Cm 14.1 Android 7.1 Nougat custom ROM on Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. Rohit KVN   October 30, 2016 20:00 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares [Representational Image] Update Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod [unofficial] custom ROM [How to install] In Picture: Xiaomi Redmi Note 3IBTimes India Feature-rich Redmi Note 3 is one of the best selling products of the Xiaomi, but sadly the company has not made any progress and not even announced when it intends to launch Google's Android Nougat OS. The Redmi Note 3 currently runs on the one generation old Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow-based MIUI v8.0 and if history is any indication, Xiaomi is unlikely to release the Nougat update this year. Why advertise with us? Related Xiaomi Mi 4, Mi 3 series get Android Nougat update via AOSP ROM Update Samsung Galaxy Note 3 with CyanogenMod's Android Nougat CM 14.1 custom ROM If patience is not your strongest suit, then users can try installing the custom ROM. XDA Developer Forum's recognised software programmer Santhosh M has come up the exclusive firmware with Nougat features for the Redmi Note 3. It weighs little over 540MB and brings all the Nougat features including multi-window options, bundled notification, improved battery optimisation and also CyanogenMod's exclusive themes, wall papers and numerous other value-added features to enhance user experience. Also read: Android 7.0 Nougat: 16 key upgrades of Google's new mobile OS update over Marshmallow Readers, be advised, this CyanogenMod CM14.1 custom ROM is an experimental WIP (Work-in-Progress) version and contain bugs in it and some features are also not functioning. What's working? Wi-Fi Bluetooth Audio Camera RIL GPS Fingerprint Other basic things What's not working? Goodix fingerprint app may not work Going by the reactions on the XDA Developer page, there have been no major complaints as such, but we still urge our readers to go through entire tutorial to assess the risk involved here and then, go ahead with the installation procedure. Prerequisites (things to remember before installing Custom ROM): This new CyanogenMod [unofficial] CM 14.1 Android 7.1 Nougat firmware has to be installed on the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (with Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 CPU) aka Kenso model only; if tried on other devices, it might get bricked [To check your device model: Go to Settings >> About phone >> model number] Make sure the device is rooted before going forward for custom ROM installation Installation of custom ROM requires clearing of memory in the smartphone, so make sure to back all the data by installing TWRP in the smartphone. Make sure to install USB drivers on the PC, or else your smartphone (Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 with Snapdragon 650) will not be recognized by the computer. Make sure the device has more than 80 percent battery, or else there is a chance for smartphone getting temporarily bricked if the installation process is interrupted mid-way. If you face force close, go to Settings >> Setupwizard >> Give permission Though installing custom ROM improve the device's performance and UI experiences, it makes the company warranty void and they will no longer be liable to provide updates in future [users can restore warranty by flashing the device with stock-ROM]. [Disclaimer: This procedure is very technical and should be performed by a person with sound knowledge of rooting (or manual software installation) Android devices. If the step-by-step installation process is not followed properly, there are chances of the smartphone getting bricked or being permanently irreparable. IBTimes India cannot be held responsible for any damage or claims from readers if the procedure does not yield the required results or if the smartphone is bricked. Hence, users are advised to proceed with caution.] Tutorial: Step-by-step installation guide of CyanogenMod [unofficial] CM 14.1 Android 7.1 Nougat on Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (with Snapdragon 650) via TWRP- Step 1: After downloading CyanogenMod [unofficial] CM 14.1 Android 7.1 Nougat and Google Apps in to the PC, connect Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 to the computer via USB cord. [Note: downloadable file links are provided at the bottom] Step 2: Connect Redmi Note 3 to PC via USB cord. Step 3: Place Android 7.1 Nougat ROM zip file and the Google Apps .zip file into the phone's storage memory. [Note: Users are advised to paste the .zip file in the storage root folder, not in any other folder.] [Note: Before users' begin installing the custom software, be sure that the device must have rooted and has installed ClockworkMod Recovery/TWRP tool.] Step 4: Turn off the device and disconnect from the PC. Step 5: Perform the regular Recovery Mode sortie by press holding 'Volume (Down)' and 'Power' buttons. Step 6: After entering the RECOVERY mode, clear the phone memory, by selecting 'wipe data/factory reset' [Note: use 'Volume' keys to navigate and 'Power' button to select options, while operating under Recovery Mode] Step 7: Clear the cache memory by choosing 'wipe cache partition' Step 8: Navigate back to ClockworkMod recovery, and select 'advanced' and tap 'wipe dalvik cache' [Note: This step is optional, but many recommend this procedure so that user will not face boot loops or any other errors in the middle of custom ROM installation] Step 9: Return to the main recovery screen and then tap 'install zip from SD card' Step 10: Tap 'choose zip from sdcard' and go to Android N ROM .zip file in SD card and enter the installation process. Repeat the same procedure to install Google Apps [Note: use 'Volume' keys to navigate and 'Power' button to select options] Step 11: Once done with the installation process, navigate to '+++++Go Back+++++' and re-start the device by opting 'reboot system now' seen in the recovery menu. Now, your device (Redmi Note 3) will take a few minutes to complete the booting process. Users then head to 'Settings' >> select 'About phone' to confirm the installation of CyanogenMod CM14.1 Android 7.1 Nougat custom ROM. Downloadable files: CyanogenMod [unofficial] CM 14.1 Android 7.1 Nougat firmware for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (with Snapdragon 650): HERE Google Apps: HERE USB Driver: HERE [Credits: XDA Developer Forum, CyanogenMod and Santhosh M] Also read Update OnePlus 2 with Android 7.1 Nougat update via CyanogenMod custom ROM Update OnePlus One with Android Nougat update via Pure Nexus Project custom ROM Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Update HTC One (M8) with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod [unofficial] CM 14.1 custom ROM 9 hours ago By Rohit KVN AdultFriendFinder hacked: 412M users' account details dumped online 9 hours ago By Sami Khan Editor's Pick Supermoon 2016 India and US: Best places and time to watch Jackie Chan's dreams come true, Police Story actor wins Oscar Why advertise with us? most popular Resort to chekcing your Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus now for Android Nougat OS update Rumour mills are currently abuzz with a lot of things concerning Android Nougat rollout to Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. Apple AirPods set to hit stores next week Apple's much awaited AirPods are expected to be released in Europe later this month. Apple iPhone 8 to come with drastically changed display panel Apple's iPhone 7 series successor, iPhone 8 is expected to come with massive upgrades in terms of design language and display panel. Xiaomi Mi 3W, Mi 4 get Android Nougat update via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM Here's a tutorial on how to install CyanogenMod CM14.1 Android 7.1 Nougat custom ROM on Xiaomi Mi 3W and Mi 4. Does Reliance Jio free voice call get limited to less than 30 minutes? Do let us know, if your Reliance Jio free voice call got disconnected mid-way even though there were no official call drops. Decoding mystery behind Morse Code; headphones and Easter Eggs in Battlefield 1 Important updates for Battlefield 1 gamers. AdultFriendFinder hacked: 412M users' account details dumped online Most of the passwords were stored in plain text. OnePlus 4 now rumoured to feature dual rear cameras upon release New rumours point at a dual primary camera set-up on the next-gen OnePlus 4 smartphone. Photo Gallery In pictures: Supermoon around the world In pictures: Supermoon around the world Gali Janardhan Reddy's daughter Sangeet Ceremony pictures Gali Janardhan Reddy's daughter Sangeet Ceremony pictures. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Logos > Google Halloween Game Doodle Goes Live Early Google Halloween Game Doodle Goes Live Early Oct 30, 2016 • 7:25 am | (3) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Logos Prev Story Next Story Google has launched their Halloween Doodle, aka Google logo, a day early - it is a fun game where you fight ghosts and scary critters. You can play the game by going to Google.com. Google described the game as: This year's Halloween Doodle follows freshman feline Momo on her mission to rescue her school of magic. Help her cast out mischievous spirits by swiping in the shape of the symbols above the ghosts' heads. And you'd better pounce fast - the ghost that stole the master spellbook is getting away! I assume this Doodle will be live on Google for the next two days. Bing and other search engines have yet to post their special logos and themes for Halloween. You can learn more about the Doodle over here. Forum discussion at Google Web Search Help. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Daily Search Forum Recap: October 28, 2016   Comments: gfddfgsds 10/30/2016 02:05 pm this game is bomb Ed Harris 10/30/2016 03:20 pm It's a near copy of a mobile game by nitrome, Magic Touch. Check it out if you enjoyed the doodle Nathan Hutt 10/31/2016 07:31 am Tell me bout it ... spend half day at work playing blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums New Form of AdSense Abuse and Spam Attack Best Practices for Indexable Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Digital Point Forums How can I tell how much time I have left to become established? Best ad networks to AdSense to raise calories per click to $ 50 Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 10/30/2016 7:13 AM Bill Ford to Silicon Valley: The future of cars is in Detroit Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Bill Ford is tired of hearing the future of cars belongs to Silicon Valley. Yet for years, the Apple and Google crowd have been telling him that only Big Tech can make driverless vehicles. "There was this presumption that we were too dumb to get it," said the Ford Motor Co. executive chairman and great-grandson of auto pioneer Henry Ford. "The conversation has really shifted." Bloomberg photo by Bradley C. Bower.   Keith Naughton, Alex Webb and Mark Bergen Bloomberg     Bill Ford is tired of hearing the future of cars belongs to Silicon Valley. Yet for years, the Apple and Google crowd have been telling him that only Big Tech can make driverless vehicles. "There was this presumption that we were too dumb to get it," said the Ford Motor Co. executive chairman and great-grandson of auto pioneer Henry Ford. "The conversation has really shifted." He's not kidding. Tech giants Apple and Alphabet's Google, once intent on disrupting, if not destroying, Detroit, have concluded for now that they don't want to build cars. Sure, they still bank on supplying the autonomous software that will drive robot rides, but the concession that they're not up to the complex task of mass production tilts the balance of power to traditional automakers. Vehicle manufacturing is a massive undertaking. There is the metal bending and assembly, a highly evolved process in itself. Car companies also integrate millions of lines of code that control everything from the radio to the radar sensors that will soon allow hands-free driving. Detroit also has deep experience managing the long chain of suppliers that provide roughly 30,000 parts. All that complexity is "something a lot of I.T. companies getting into the business realized the hard way," James Kuffner, former head of Google Robotics and now chief technology officer at the Toyota Research Institute, said. "Despite what a venture capitalist tells you, making a car is hard." Google Co-Founder Larry Page came to that conclusion when he confided in a private discussion earlier this year he was heartbroken by the slow pace of the company's self-driving car project, said a person familiar with the meeting. Though Google began its autonomous-driving efforts well before other tech companies, its project has been plagued by uncertainty around its business model and executive departures. A Google spokesperson declined to comment. Automakers, meanwhile, are pouring billions into developing their own self-driving systems. They're already installing semiautonomous features, such as automatic braking and technology to keep a car in its lane. And they're working on building models that can withstand the punishing workload expected of robot taxis, which will likely amass 130,000 miles a year -- 10 times today's total -- as they run 18 hours a day, 365 days a year. The robot rides will be replaced often and sold in high numbers, providing a big payoff for manufacturers that figure out the formula. "The old conversation I used to have was, 'You guys are going to end up being the handset, you're going to be low-margin assemblers of other people's cool technology,'" Ford said. "We don't want to be the handset. And we won't be." That's not to say auto companies haven't tried working with Silicon Valley. Volvo Cars is providing sport utility vehicles to Uber Technologies Inc. for testing as robot taxis in Pittsburgh. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV is supplying Google with 100 minivans for transformation into self-driving people haulers. Those deals could herald larger alliances. "Eventually, the incumbents and the disrupters will need to get together," said Scott Corwin, who advises tech companies and automakers at Deloitte Consulting. "No single company has the resources or the know-how to put all the pieces together." For now, the two industries view each other with suspicion. Each wants to stake its own claim to a driverless future and reap the rewards. Toyota, Volkswagen, General Motors Co. and Ford have all conducted extensive talks with tech giants such as Google or Apple but in every case failed to come up with a way to share power. "It's amazing to see these two sides. They look at each other and there's fear and greed," said Evan Hirsh, an auto-executive adviser at Strategy&, a PricewaterhouseCoopers consulting group. "They really don't understand each other." Tech companies believe they could boost anemic margins in auto making if they had access to vehicle-performance data that would allow for more efficient manufacturing. Car companies control that data now and are unlikely to release it to a competitor. However the power-sharing arrangement shakes out, no single company will "own the brain" of the autonomous car, said Swamy Kotagiri, chief technology officer of Magna International, a veteran contract manufacturer that will build the BMW 5-Series. Automakers probably will control safety systems, while tech companies will handle "enjoyment, convenience and comfort data," such as Apple's CarPlay dashboard infotainment system, he said. Where automakers come up short is attracting sufficient numbers of software engineers, which they lack by the thousands. Technology now represents half the cost of a car, according to Gary Shapiro, president and CEO of the Consumer Technology Association. But luring tech talent away from Silicon Valley hasn't been easy. "Talk to any automaker or big supplier, and they will all tell you they are woefully lacking in software-development capabilities," Hirsh said. "They can't hire." Car companies are trying to fix that. GM's $1 billion acquisition of self-driving startup Cruise Automation has helped the automaker attract talent, Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra told a tech conference in Detroit last month. Meanwhile, GM and Ford are expanding their Silicon Valley research labs, but their presence and reputation still lags the tech players. That's why U.S. automakers and suppliers are working hard to develop the Detroit area as a competing center of autonomous automotive development, with robot-car test tracks and R&D facilities. "In Silicon Valley, the auto industry is a small player in a big pond," Matt Simoncini, CEO of auto supplier Lear Corp., said on October 18 at the dedication of a $10 million innovation center in Detroit. "And then you come back here. We are 'the' player in this pond." --With assistance from Alistair Barr Article Comments (0) Tweet This article filed under: Business Autos Technology Bloomberg Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
null
Zimbabwe World Politics Business Banking & Finance Opinion Arts & Entertainment Sport   Home Main News Headline Zimbabwe World Crime & Courts Business Money & Markets Arts & Entertainment Sport Breaking News Politics Banking & Finance Economic Analysis Opinion Columinsts Relationships Education Scie & Tech Health & Fitness Farming & Enviroment News Ticker [ 14th November 2016 ] IMF Executive Board Removes Remedial Measures Applied to Zimbabwe Press Release [ 14th November 2016 ] Zimbabwe: Dreams from a post-Mugabe future Main News [ 14th November 2016 ] Matabeleland gets first specialised theatre Health & Fitness [ 14th November 2016 ] Biti’s PDP directionless, Sipepa Zimbabwe [ 14th November 2016 ] SA Rand and stocks hit by Trump triump Money & Markets Search for: HomeTechnologyFacebook Messenger app tops a billion downloads Facebook Messenger app tops a billion downloads 15th June 2015 Staff Reporter Technology 0 San Francisco – Facebook crowed Tuesday that an Android version of its Messenger app has been downloaded more than a billion times from the Google Play store. “Happy to make it to the very exclusive Android 1 billion+ downloads club,” the head of the Messenger team David Marcus said in an online post. Other than Facebook, only Google boasts apps with more than a billion Google Play downloads onto Android-powered mobile devices, according to technology news website TechCrunch. A chat forum on Messenger’s page at Google Play was rich with accolades but peppered with comment that the high download count was driven by Facebook spinning the widely used service out of the social network, compelling people to get the app. Facebook last year broke off Messenger from the main Facebook application for mobile users, creating a separate platform that claims more than 600 million users. Facebook in April began rolling out video calling on its Messenger mobile application, enabling face-to-face conversations among users of the app around the world. With the new feature, users can add video to calls to another person with the same application. Similar services are offered by Microsoft’s Skype, Google Hangouts and Apple’s FaceTime. Free calling has been available for two years to users of Messenger, although people may be required to pay for data used during the connections. The world’s biggest social network also opened up Messenger to outside developers as part of its strategy to create a “family” of apps that also includes Instagram and WhatsApp. Facebook has offered few hints on how it will monetise Messenger, but recently unveiled a system of peer-to-peer payments which could be adapted as an e-commerce platform. Messenger also lets users communicate with online merchants, essentially turning formerly impersonal internet shopping into ongoing text message conversations. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Share this on WhatsApp Arts & Entertainment Arts & Entertainment Music Minute: AMAs 2016 welcomes Drake, Rihanna and Bieber, Robbie Williams 14th November 2016 Staff Reporter 0 In this week’s Music Minute, the American Music Awards 2016 heads to Los Angeles, Robbie Williams breaks David Bowie’s album chart record and Fergie releases a new single. AMAs 2016 The American Music Awards are […] Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Arts & Entertainment Phil Collins admits £24.3m divorce from third wife was a ‘mistake’ 14th November 2016 Staff Reporter 0 Singer Phil Collins admits divorcing his third wife Orianne Cevey was a “mistake”. The In The Air Tonight singer famously shelled out a reported £24.3m ($30.4m) in his divorce settlement with Cevey but Collins insists […] Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Arts & Entertainment Bon Jovi takes Billboard’s No.1 album spot for sixth time 14th November 2016 Staff Reporter 0 New albums from rockers Bon Jovi and R&B singer Alicia Keys took the two top spots on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart on Monday, while the soundtrack for kids movie “Trolls” moved in to third […] Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Arts & Entertainment Heartbroken Beyoncé held daughter Blue Ivy tightly following Donald Trump’s victory 12th November 2016 Staff Reporter 0 Beyoncé and Jay Z are trying to come to terms with Hilary Clinton’s loss to Donald Trump during the US presidential election. Being a strong supporter of Clinton, Queen Bey is reportedly considering her defeat […] Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)   Previous article Next article In the Spotlight IMF Executive Board Removes Remedial Measures Applied to Zimbabwe by Staff Reporter in Press Release 0 THE following is a statement from the International Monetary Fund statement on Remedial Measures Applied to Zimbabwe. Removal of remedial measures follows Zimbabwe’s full settlement of all of its overdue financial obligations to the PRGT Consideration [...] Follow on Facebook   In the Spotlight Clitoris vs vagina: When studying the female orgasm, the whole is more than the sum of its parts by Staff Reporter in Science 0 The female orgasm can’t be understood by focusing on a single part of the body, says research. In an attempt to move the debate over the female orgasm on from ‘clitoris versus the vagina’, psychologist [...] Editor’s IMF Executive Board Removes Remedial Measures Applied to Zimbabwe Zimbabwe: Dreams from a post-Mugabe future Matabeleland gets first specialised theatre Biti’s PDP directionless, Sipepa SA Rand and stocks hit by Trump triump IMF lifts censures against Zimbabwe but new loan hurdles remain Zimbabwean woman who stole from elderly man fails to prevent deportation Boko Haram warns Donald Trump: ‘War is just beginning’ Music Minute: AMAs 2016 welcomes Drake, Rihanna and Bieber, Robbie Williams Phil Collins admits £24.3m divorce from third wife was a ‘mistake’ Grace Jones: What is it about ndebele politicians. Why do they behave like prostitutes. Sipepa Moyo made a big gamble that will… IMF Executive Board Removes Remedial Measures Applied to Zimbabwe - Zimbabwe Consolidated News: […] READ MOREThe following is a full-text of the embattled Minister of Higher and a Terriary Education Prof Jonathan Moyo… IMF Executive Board Removes Remedial Measures Applied to Zimbabwe - Zimbabwe Consolidated News: […] READ MORELord Mandelson visited Zimbabwe on 14-16 February 2016. We wish to correct a number of inaccurate assertions regarding… News in Motion Janet Jackson pays tribute to brother MJ during concert 2nd September 2015 0 Robert convene Politburo meeting as problems mount for his party 2nd March 2016 0 Legacy set for large investment in Zimbabwe resorts 30th September 2015 0 Likely lone gunman in Munich mall shooting found dead: police 23rd July 2016 0 Student movement leader calls for attacks on SA businesses in Zimbabwe 17th April 2015 0 Robert Mugabe’s mega US$12k salary sparks outcry 6th March 2015 16 HARARE – The MDC Renewal Team has expressed shock at President Robert Mugabe’s revelation yesterday that he earns a $12,000 salary a month, which he said was not enough. “The MDC Renewal Team is extremely shocked [...] Biti, Ncube and other parties to announce coalition on Tuesday 30th May 2016 16 Robert Mugabe regime can’t account for missing $3,5 billion earmarked for salaries 21st May 2015 16 Mutasa now a spent force -Undenge 22nd February 2015 15 Mbeki newsletter sharply divides Zimbabweans 29th February 2016 15 About Us Authors Staff Reporter published 10705 articles admin published 1 articles Contact us: editor@thezimbabwemail.com, opinion@thezimbabwemai Staff Reporter published 10705 articles admin published 1 articles Copyright © 2016 | The Zimbabwe Mail Online News <!-- Responsive - AD --> (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
facebook twitter pinterest facebook twitter pinterest All News  Mobile Phones Events Apple iPhone  BlackBerry Concept Phones Google Nexus  HTC  LG Microsoft Motorola  Nokia  Samsung  Sony  Phone Comparison  Accessories Mobile games Apps Android OS Apps iOS Apps BlackBerry Apps Windows Phone Apps Other Apps Software  Android OS  BlackBerry OS  iOS Windows OS  Other Software Tablet Video Hands-On Reviews  Phone Comparison Others Skip to content Homepage Mobile Phones Motorola Buy A Google Pixel From Verizon and Save up to $300 Buy A Google Pixel From Verizon and Save up to $300 Categories Mobile PhonesAuthor by Chris Black October 30, 2016 1,401 0 If you’re living in the United States and you’re on the prowl for a Google Pixel or a Pixel XL, Verizon just revealed their awesome buy-back program which can save you up to three hundred bucks when buying a new smartphone. Now, the Google Pixels are available on Project Fi, directly in the Store or on Verizon, which is the only major carrier in the US which sells these smartphones unlocked and 100% compatible with Google Updates directly from Google. Verizon’s buy back program comes as a quick response to T-Mobile’s sneaky deal I told you about a few days ago. T-Mobile is trying to lure Pixel owners on their network, as they don’t actually have a Google Pixel of their own,  via interesting incentives , offering $325 via a 2 year program which provides unlimited data plans. Verizon counter-attacked today via its rebate/buy-back program as it follows: If you buy the Google Pixel/XL from them and trade in your old smartphone, you can get up to $300 of trade in value. Verizon will accept basically any smartphone, provided it works and looks good, but only a few selected devices will qualify for the maximum amount of $300, i.e. the Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S6, S6 Edge, S6 Edge+, HTC M9, iPhone 6, LG V10 and LG G4.  The best thing to do in this writer’s opinion if you want to get a basically free Google Pixel is to trade in your eligible smartphone via Verizon’s program, slash 300 bucks from the Pixel’s price then move to T-Mobile, sign up with them and get an extra $325. To quote from Verizon’s program, ““New customers will receive a VZW electronic gift card within 2 weeks and existing customers will receive an account credit in 1-2 billing cycles”. At this moment, the Google Pixel’s full price is $649,99 while the XL retails for 749,99 (the base 32 GB models on Verizon). Source | Via Tags Google PixelGoogle Pixel XLt-mobileverizon Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Add to Google+ Add to Pinterest Post navigation Previous article Previous post: Two Unannounced Xiaomi Smartphones Just Passed Through TENAA Next article Next post: Clash Royale Decks will shift again with November update Live Comment Your email address will not be published. Cancel Reply NAME* EMAIL* WEBSITE COMMENT Search Search for: Recommended posts Samsung Black Friday 2016 deals include Tablets, TVs and more Verizon Black Friday 2016 ad leaks with mobile deals OnePlus 3T price revealed through early retail listing YotaPhone 2 Dual Screen Smartphone On Sale at $119,99 Moto Turbo 3 Renders Surface on Weibo OnePlus 4 Rumored Again With Dual Cameras, 8 GB of RAM and More iPhone 8 Edge appears in Concept Renders with unique Design Huawei P10 Shows Up on GFXBench Revealing Specs UMi-BTS3 Bluetooth Speaker Review OnePlus 3T To Be World's First Smartphone With 8 GB of RAM Recent Comments Chris Black on UMi-BTS3 Bluetooth Speaker Review November 13, 2016 Chris Black on WP 10 VR Alcatel Idol 4S Rolling via T-Mobile for $469,99 November 11, 2016 PETER TYSOE on WP 10 VR Alcatel Idol 4S Rolling via T-Mobile for $469,99 November 11, 2016 maricio on UMi Plus E announced with 6GB of RAM and Helio P20 November 10, 2016 kamal on UMi Plus E announced with 6GB of RAM and Helio P20 November 10, 2016 Slider Widget Huawei Mate 9 Pro Gets Launched Officially November 15, 2016 Samsung Black Friday 2016 deals include Tablets, TVs and more November 14, 2016 OnePlus 3T price revealed through early retail listing November 14, 2016 iPhone 8 Edge appears in Concept Renders with unique Design November 14, 2016 Samsung Galaxy C7 price listed at $459 in the United States November 14, 2016 About us Phonesreview.co.uk, obviously as the name suggests is a site dedicated around the news of the present day Mobile Phones. Handsets have gone through an entire reformation, from the old chunky mobile phones to new world of hybrid devices such as SmartPhones and PDAs. Phones Review reports about all the hottest announcements, launches and ongoing developments in the world of the portable electronic mobile devices. Recent posts Huawei Mate 9 Pro Gets Launched Officially November 15 2016 Samsung Black Friday 2016 deals include Tablets, TVs and more November 14 2016 OnePlus 3T price revealed through early retail listing November 14 2016 Tags android ANdroid 2.3 Gingerbread Android Ice Cream Sandwich Android Jelly Bean apple apple ipad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPhone App Store att BlackBerry Concept Phone games google Google Play htc HTC One india iOS iphone iPhone 3GS iPhone 4 iPhone 4S iPhone 5 iPhone 5S iPhone 6 iPhone Accessories itunes LG microsoft Motorola Nokia palm rim Samsung Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone smartphones t-mobile updates verizon Windows Phone 7 Contact About Us Privacy Advertise Copyright 2016 · Phonesreview.Co.Uk
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Wonkblog Where Americans need the most help carving pumpkins The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Christopher Ingraham October 30 Follow @_cingraham Pumpkin carvings of presidential nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are on display at Chelsea Market in New York. (Timothy A. Clary/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images) A little more than one-third of Americans told Gallup in 2006 that they “usually” celebrate Halloween by carving a pumpkin. And, if Google search data is to be believed, some of us have a more natural knack for making faces out of orange gourds than others. Consider the map below. It plots the relative volume of searches for the phrase “how to carve a pumpkin” between 2004 and 2016. That phrase is a pretty useful proxy for pumpkin-carving ineptitude: search it yourself, and you can see the top results include how-to's from the likes of Martha Stewart (“Tip: Prevent exposed areas of the pumpkin's flesh from turning brown by applying a film of Vaseline"), extremepumpkins.com (“I personally use power tools and extreme techniques, but many of the methods that I use to carve pumpkins apply to anyone"), and the New York Times (“An annual tradition like carving a jack-o’-lantern can become a mindful moment by cultivating what is known as beginner’s mind"). In other words, people Googling “how to carve a pumpkin” need help with the basic mechanics of the task, like stabbing, cutting and the scooping-out of guts. [How to maximize your sugar high this Halloween] According to Google, the states most lacking in this fundamental knowledge are clustered mostly in the South — Kentucky, Louisiana and Mississippi all lead the nation in how-to pumpkin carving searches. North Dakota and Hawaii also stand out as places with a relatively high interest in pumpkin tutorials. On the flip side, New England, the Great Lakes region and parts of the plains show a relatively low amount of these searches, suggesting that folks in these places are able to get right to it without needing to consult an instruction manual. To put it another way, Google's numbers show that somebody in Kentucky, Louisiana or Mississippi is more than twice as likely to seek online help for pumpkin carving than a person in Vermont or Oregon, the states with the lowest volume of these searches. I suspect some of the geographic divide in pumpkin know-how is related to the distribution of pumpkin farming — some of the places with high Google searches don't have a lot of native pumpkin cultivation, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. [Map: Where your Thanksgiving dinner comes from] As always with Google data, it's worth pointing out that these are indicators of relative search volume, not raw numbers of searches. We don't know exactly how many people are searching for pumpkin-carving help in any state. But we can compare the results for “how to carve a pumpkin” with other searches to get some sense of this. For instance, the broader term “pumpkin carving,” which yields results related to inspiration and carving ideas, gets about 20 times the search volume that the more specific “how-to” search does. This suggests that most of us already have a firm grasp of the basics and are ready to move on to more advanced questions, like which Minion design to use this year. In 2015, growers in the six leading states produced about 754 million pounds of pumpkins, according to the USDA. More from Wonkblog: The origins of pumpkin spice and how it became the flavor of fall This is why the Internet is so obsessed with autumn Your Thanksgiving dessert, charted If every week was Thanksgiving, we’d all have more money to spend business wonkblog true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Christopher Ingraham writes about politics, drug policy and all things data. He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center. Follow @_cingraham Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 A new theory for why Trump voters are so angry — that actually makes sense 2 Donald Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare 3 Why these rural, white, gun-owning guys didn’t vote for Trump 4 Researchers have found a surprisingly powerful effect of sleeping more 5 Think you’re prepared for retirement? Answer these 6 questions. Market Watch DJIA 0.11% NASDAQ -0.49% Get quote Last Update: 11:47 AM 11/14/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business wonkblog Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Password not accepted: are biometric checks the answer? The Guardian 30/10/2016 Tim Adams © Getty Images/Imagebroker RF Every year millions of internet passwords are stolen or hacked. I’m old enough to remember a life in which you could confidently expect your skill for guessing passwords to be redundant by about the age of nine. That was when your mate down the road finally overcame his love of spy games and his obsessive desire not to allow you past his front door or into his garden shed without you first establishing his favourite crisp flavour. Unfortunately, however, it seems that mate, who subsequently spent his lunch hours in the school’s windowless computer room, up to his knees in punch cards, has long since taken over the world. Last week, I again found myself in that familiar circle of hell reserved for tired and impatient and forgetful people very close to a deadline. I had already spent way too long trying to remember that week’s combination of password and user name in order to enter a Gmail account – my Gmail account – which I was unaccountably excluded from and to which I needed access in order to open a document that I had to rewrite. Having finally come up with the password – complete with recent mutations of ampersands and exclamation marks and upper and lower case letters and barnacles of numeric additions (first phone number? gym locker combo?) once created on a cheerful whim and now half-forgotten at painful leisure – I was faced with an unexpected conundrum. Six blurred photographs of street scenes flashed up on my screen along with this unwarranted question: “Which of these images contains a shopfront?” Google’s virtual jobsworth of a security guard clearly wanted to know who exactly it was dealing with (and to collect some more free data for its picture-recognition software). Was I a robot mind myself, intent on hoovering up barnacled passwords? Or was I indeed a tired and impatient and forgetful human being very close to a deadline? In the past, I guess, one or two goes at a Captcha graffiti might have sufficed, but as machine intelligence has become smarter, a more nuanced capacity was apparently required to establish my human credentials. We might not be good for much these days in Google’s eyes, but we can certainly recognise a shopfront when we see one. I peered at the photographs on the screen, as if they were exhibits in a William Eggleston show. Some of them were straightforward enough, but one or two undeniably gave me pause. In the background of one picture in particular some warehouse type buildings clearly had floor-to-ceiling glazing but no obvious signage. What to do? Surely the creators of this test wouldn’t expect this level of pictorial analysis – or perhaps that was exactly what they required? If I looked really hard at a certain angle I thought I could make out some shadowy furniture in the window of the warehouse in question. But still it looked more like some kind of out-of-town storage facility than a conventional shop. Taking my life in my hands, I plumped for the “x” indicating “no” and pressed enter. Another six images flashed up, no less complex in their composition than the first set. And again the question: “Which of these images contains a shopfront?” And so the morning ebbed. Even for the man who is credited with creating the 'user name and password' protocol, the tool has become a curse A couple of years ago, I visited the headquarters of Google in Palo Alto and talked to Amit Singhal, then head of search, about his vision for the future of our interaction with our uncanny machines. He suggested that the ultimate goal was really something like what you saw in the Star Trek episodes he grew up watching in a village in India. He imagined a near future in which the interface between man and computer would be entirely intuitive and transparent. “The endgame of this is we want to make it always as natural a thought process as possible,” Singhal said. “We are maniacally focusing on the user to reduce every possible friction point between them, their thoughts and the information they want to find.” I thought of that conversation when I was at San Francisco airport later that day, trying to summon a booking confirmation on my phone and faced with the need to first answer the following questions that might have been posed by my mate up the road: “Who was your favourite teacher at school?” and “What was the first album you bought?” Frictionless wasn’t the first word that came to mind. In a recent survey of European workers using IT in their jobs, it was suggested that they spend about 36 minutes a day on “login events”. A number that prompts the thought: they must have got lucky. Over the past decade or two of our digital lives, each of us has built up an average legacy of more than 100 sites and apps requiring passwords for access. As the fraudsters and hackers have got more skilled, so the bar for entry has been set ever higher. The recent added complication that on a “password change event” you cannot choose a password you have used in the past 12 months is another cruel blow to our garbled private mnemonics. In the past year, 55% of people admit to abandoning a login due to a forgotten password and about the same number suggested they had given up on paying for something they wanted to buy online because of the complications of the authentication process. Even for the man who is credited with creating the “user name and password” protocol, the tool has become a curse. That man is an emeritus professor of MIT, Fernando Corbató, now aged 90. In the early 60s, Corbató was in charge of a massive prototype time-sharing computer at the university called CTSS. The computer was the pioneer of many of the features of digital technology we have come to love – email, instant messaging – and one that we do not. Because of the shared nature of CTSS it was decided that researchers should have their own accounts so that their work did not overlap. A simple name and password code was devised to create a degree of privacy. In 2014, Corbató gave an interview to the Wall Street Journal in which he acknowledged that he had inadvertently made a “sorry that password has not been recognised” monster. “Unfortunately, it’s become a kind of a nightmare with the world wide web,” he said. “I don’t think anybody can possibly remember all the passwords that are issued or set up. That leaves people with two choices. Either you maintain a crib sheet, a mild no-no, or you use some sort of program as a password manager.” What did Mr Corbató do? the WSJ wondered. “I have to confess, I used to use a crib sheet,” he said. “I don’t think I’m guarding any great secrets. Three typed pages. Probably 150 passwords over the years.” This 50-year-old technology has long been showing its age – despite the levels of complexity there are major password breaches reported weekly – but it has proved hard to replace. Currently, there are many companies competing to create a new form of universal open sesame that will make all those password reminders redundant. Google, Facebook and Apple are inevitably leading this effort, though many businesses are reluctant to hand over their authentication processes to the data-loving giant, which gives an opportunity to innovative companies with a focus only on security. Gigya, based in Palo Alto, provides a platform that manages 1.4bn user identities globally for customers including banks, retailers and the BBC. Most of the login processes they manage are still password-based, but more and more use a form of “social registration” – “Can we use your Facebook or Google details to find out who you are?” – and some use biometric gateways: fingerprints, facial and voice recognition. Richard Lack, director of sales, expects this latter category to grow exponentially in the next five years. In its somewhat polemical report on the “death of the password” (a demise predicted more often than that of the English novel), Gigya suggested that “more than 770m biometric-enabled applications will be downloaded each year by 2019, as compared with 6m in 2015”. “We do all hope the password dies quite soon,” Lack says. “And the research supports the fact that most consumers hope that too – 52% would rather have biometric security.” (And, as we all now know, 52% these days means that the people have spoken in unprecedented numbers: biometric means biometric). “A few banks are starting to use it,” Lack says. “HSBC and First Direct are allowing touch ID to log into your account and also some voice recognition. But for the better part we are still using complex passwords.” Where does the resistance lie? “I think security is the drag anchor,” Lack suggests. “With most of our customers there is usually a security team that is extremely anxious about adopting new technology. The irony is that, as we know, passwords are far from secure now. The average user has fewer than three passwords and those can very often be easily guessed. They use them on average across 120 online accounts. If a password is guessed on one, then effectively a hacker can completely unlock your digital life.” A couple of recent changes may accelerate the march of biometrics. The new European directive on payment services mandates that any online payment will require two-factor authentication (usually password plus SMS code), though lobbyists for retailers are currently challenging that. The other engine of change is the fact that two years ago the Apple touch recognition interface was made available to anyone who wants to use it. The first adopters have been banks because they have huge costs on call centres, specifically for password resets. “Touch is anyway far more secure than anything that has gone before,” Lack argues. “We expect all banks to adopt biometrics in the next couple of years.” The other advance is in using network effects for identity management – a pooling of your identity data: “On the horizon is the capacity that when security is breached in one place the network immediately knows about it,” Lack says. “It’s like an immune response. Where one customer detects that I have had three failed password attempts it notifies everyone else in the cloud and says this user needs to step up authentication or have their account locked. That’s a massive benefit for security teams. That will drag them toward cloud-based security and biometric authentication.” It does sound like a major step forward for security teams, if somewhat less so for users who will presumably suddenly be shut out from their online lives, although perhaps only until they have swiped a finger. The company ThreatMetrix has been working in this latter area for a decade and 30,000 websites and apps use its technology, which is invisible to the customer. Its solutions director, Stephen Moody, says: “The challenge is that you can’t really have a central store of biometric data because of the privacy implications. It needs to remain anonymous. In our view, the key additional security measure you need is what we call ‘ongoing behavioural analysis’, which secures all the weak points in registration.” To this end, ThreatMetrix has built an anonymised network called the “digital identity network”, which already sits on websites and mobile apps and is enabled by cookies. This network monitors every account transaction you make, anonymously. “We don’t know who you are but we tokenise various aspects of your behaviour and we correlate that together,” Moody says. What kind of aspects of behaviour? “Simple things. For example, when I go about the internet I use several devices. Maybe a couple of laptops, two phones, and I tend to use these machines to connect to the internet in different ways and from different locations. I have a VPN at work, I have Sky broadband at home. So over time I have a clear pattern of behaviour. Do I tend to have flash-enabled or is it turned off? The system looks at all that and correlates it with my different email addresses for example, work and home, the credit cards I have associated with those accounts and so on. Every time we see an event, we are saying, ‘Does this interaction look consistent with what we know of this person’s behaviour? Do you usually log on to your bank account in this way from this location?’ If you do, you get a positive trust score. If not, there will be an alert.” Over time, your anonymous security profile will only get stronger, Moody suggests, making it easier and easier to know for sure it is you doing what you are doing. Phil Dunkelberger is the CEO of a company called Nok Nok. Speaking on the phone from California, he inevitably asks me: “If I say Nok Nok, you say?” “Who’s there?” I reply dutifully. Nok Nok has added an extra twist to these future scenarios. It is Dunkelberger’s belief that your phone will increasingly become your gateway to much of the internet. If you have it on your person and you are biometrically logged in, that will be enough to enable forms of access without password issues. “One of the companies we work with allows you to use your phone to open the electronic lock as you move inside the perimeter of the building they have ‘geo-fenced’. You don’t have to log in to anything, as long as you have your phone with you. It logs you in to machines, the assembly line. You have a strong authenticator. The biometric is the phone itself. If at any point the system suggests it doesn’t think it is you, it can prompt you to swipe your finger. It’s like keeping your front door keys with you.” The other most requested service Nok Nok has is for face or “selfie recognition”, says Dunkelberger, “partly because the whole world is selfie mad”. The technology has overcome the teething problem of people bypassing the security test by simply holding up a photograph of a face for recognition access. “We have this thing we call liveness,” Dunkelberger says. “You are asked to blink your eyes and nod your head and the software can read that. It works well in good lighting. It’s more challenging in a shadowy area, but the cameras are getting better. That is coming. Yesterday on the east coast I was in five places that were asking, ‘When can we have picture modality?’” The answer, he says, was soon. In the meantime, we are left with the last knockings of passwords that accumulate their unusual characters by the day. Or, maybe for some of us, perhaps they do not. Every year, SplashData compiles a list of the millions of stolen passwords made public in the past 12 months, then sorts them in order of popularity. And every year the top two passwords remain unchanged: “123456” always comes in at number one and “password” stubbornly retains its runner-up spot. Not far behind is a login that sounds quite a lot like a cry for help: “letmein”. You can add exclamation marks as required. Go to MSN Home More in News Briton will be extradited to US over hacking charges Sky News Farage: Marine Le Pen has done a good job Huffington Post UK Trial hears Jo Cox was murdered 'by gunman repeating "Britain First"' The Guardian Mosul: Snipers, car bombs and trapped families Sky News Nazi memorabilia on offer at school car boot sale The Guardian Hero dog saves boy stuck in tumbler Press Association Up Next MiG-29 fighter jet crashes into sea Sky News More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from The Guardian Riding the Nile train: could lifting US sanctions get Sudan's railway on track? The Guardian Who are Trump appointees Reince Priebus and Stephen Bannon? The Guardian Amazon launches Spotify rival in the UK The Guardian Kaikoura, the New Zealand tourist town cut off by 7.5 magnitude earthquake The Guardian The Guardian View the Full Site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     Google Halloween Doodle Game Is Amazing Posted: Oct 30 2016, 5:12am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Oct 30 2016, 5:22am CDT, in News | Technology News   Google Halloween Game 2016   The Alphabet owned search giant Google just released a treat for Halloween. The Google Doodle Halloween mini game is super fun. Monday is Halloween and Google has just released a fun treat. The Google Halloween Doodle is an amazing mini game starring a little cat wizard at Magic Cat Academy. This year’s Halloween Doodle follows freshman feline Momo on her mission to rescue her school of magic. In the game you need to draw the symbols above the ghosts’ heads to kill them. At first it is easy as only one symbol like a dash or an I appear. Soon though a ghost has a whole code on his head like V-V-|-|. This little game gets difficult pretty fast.  Don't Miss: Best Walmart Black Friday 2016 Deals I had immediate fun playing this game. It is a real nice treat from the Google Doodle team. This game is especially great to play on a smartphone or tablet. The drawing of the symbols with the mouse on a desktop is less fun. This is a great game for kids of any age and for adults. Pro tip: If  you see a flash sign above a ghost head, draw it first as it kills more than one ghost. The inspiration for this year’s cat spell-casting game came from a real-life black cat named Momo (photo below) that belongs to Doodler Juliana Chen. It seemed like a good opportunity for a cat hero, since the winner of last year’s Candy Cup Doodle was Yellow Witch and her black cat.  The original concept for the game involved a magic cat making a soup that was so good, it raised the dead. Connecting soup to Halloween proved too abstract, so the team shifted to the idea of a wizard school. This opened the door to a more robust world filled with interesting characters and paw-some themes.  The game includes five levels set in a school environment: the library, cafeteria, classroom, gym, and the building’s rooftop. We had lots of fun ideas for the resident foe of each level, including a chef ghost, a venn diagram ghost, and a big whistle ghost that summons other spirits.  "Doodling for a whole Doodle game was very exciting for us. We had so many ideas for elaborate symbols to draw, like a witch’s hat that would appear on the character’s head after it was drawn! In the end we decided that for a short game against the clock, simple was better. Plans like the “Eiffel Tower spell” were abandoned, and similarly, gag spells didn’t make the cut. Regardless, we loved the process of dreaming up the possibilities," said the Google Doodle Team in the announcement of the Halloween Doodle. Play the Google Halloween game on the google.com homepage. Not sure how I will get any work done today because of this little game. Momo needs my help! You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News The Third-Party Apps That will Use MacBook’s Pro Touch Bar 8 hours ago, 9:32am CST Dell EMC unveils new IT products and solutions 9 hours ago, 8:41am CST Amazon Alexa Prize Competing Teams include Students from Berkeley, Princeton and Carnegie-Mellon 10 hours ago, 8:14am CST Technology and Fashion: Why Innovation Is a Must for Survival 11 hours ago, 7:17am CST Qualcomm Quick Charge 4.0 to support 28W 1 day ago, 10:06am CST Apple Pay Can Now Be Used for Donations 1 hour ago, 4:56pm CST Soyuz Spacecraft Arrives at Baikonur Launchpad ahead of ISS Mission 2 hours ago, 4:08pm CST Macy's Black Friday 2016 Deals Previewed 4 hours ago, 1:47pm CST U.S. Parents are Spanking their Kids Less Today, Study Finds 4 hours ago, 1:33pm CST Hatchimals and NES Classic Stock Gone Online 4 hours ago, 1:28pm CST Financial Phishing To Increase This Holiday Season 5 hours ago, 12:18pm CST Jaguar's First All-Electric SUV I-Pace Revealing is Tomorrow 6 hours ago, 12:07pm CST NextEV Previews its Hypercar Ahead of Next Week Debut 6 hours ago, 12:02pm CST Facebook and Twitter Helped me Win Says Trump 6 hours ago, 12:00pm CST Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak 6 hours ago, 11:51am CST Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   All Black Friday 2016 Deals on Samsung TVs Announced Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Technology News The Third-Party Apps That will Use MacBook’s Pro Touch Bar 8 hours ago, 9:32am CST Dell EMC unveils new IT products and solutions 9 hours ago, 8:41am CST Amazon Alexa Prize Competing Teams include Students from Berkeley, Princeton and Carnegie-Mellon 10 hours ago, 8:14am CST Technology and Fashion: Why Innovation Is a Must for Survival 11 hours ago, 7:17am CST More Technology News Stories Latest News Apple Pay Can Now Be Used for Donations 1 hour ago, 4:56pm CST Soyuz Spacecraft Arrives at Baikonur Launchpad ahead of ISS Mission 2 hours ago, 4:08pm CST $299.99 50-inch Samsung UN50J5201AFXZA Smart TV Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deal 3 hours ago, 2:34pm CST Macy's Black Friday 2016 Deals Previewed 4 hours ago, 1:47pm CST More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 58° F Clear Wind NW at 3 MPH Pressure 1022 MB Dewpoint 26° F Visibility 9 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics 2016 Election Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Social Junction Cheers! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Let's Get Dirty Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Ask a Pro Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Broadband? Yes!  Fiber? Not so fast By The Daily Sentinel Sunday, October 30, 2016 Google Fiber’s announcement that it’s halting its rollout in 10 cities should serve as a wake-up call to Grand Junction City Council members grappling with how to develop a ubiquitous fiber optic network. Facing challenges from rivals and faster technologies like wireless broadband, Google annouced Tuesday it’s pausing further development of its fiber service as it ponders “changes to focus our business and product strategy.” If Google doesn’t think fiber has a future, then it’s time for the City Council to rethink its strategy to develop a fiber network. The landscape has changed. We’ve long advocated for moving quickly to address the broadband deficit in the valley on the premise that waiting puts us further behind our competitor communities in utilizing high-speed internet as an economic development tool. But now, being late to the game may actually prove beneficial — if we avoid committing to a technology already showing signs of obsolescence and invest instead in a next-generation wireless system. Unfortunately, less than a week before Google’s announcement, the City Council approved entering into a contract with Nokia/SciFi to gauge demand for high-speed broadband service with an eye on a full build-out of a fiber network. The demand portion of the study remains viable. The exclusive agreement with Nokia/SciFi calls for assessing broadband needs of Grand Junction, developing a network design and architecture and developing a financial analysis of the project. The city should negotiate changes in the agreement to reflect a shift in the marketplace. There are existing fiber trunks in the ground and the current trajectory of the project would seek to utilize them and lay more. Newer wireless technology would circumvent the expense of cutting into the ground to connect every home and business to the fiber network. Google Fiber has indicated it plans to pursue wireless connectivity because it will give them a faster rollout in new markets since they don’t have to get permission to dig. Plus, fiber faces competition from wireless broadband. Qualcomm Technologies last month announced development of the 5G NR architecture, which it says will provide faster-than-gigabit speed without the need for cable hookups. The city has been responsive on this issue. It was only last year that voters gave the city to authority to develop broadband services. And here we are poised to take a plunge into what had been the gold standard for high-speed connectivity — fiber. While we appreciate the city’s commitment to move quickly on improving high-speed connectivity, it’s time to stop and take a deep breath. Things change fast. We’re in a unique position to see if we can invest in tomorrow’s technology today. We urge the city to engage Nokia/SciFi in discussions about the scope of the contract — specifically whether the the network design component considers wireless technology. COMMENTS Commenting is not available in this channel entry. Page 1 of 1 By ROBERT LAITRES - Tuesday, November 1, 2016 When undertaking a project, high-speed internet being only one of those, several things need to be kept in mind.  The first is to ask the following question.  Who benefits from it, and are those potential benefits in any way only imagined and/or exaggerated? The development of high-speed internet is just such a project.  Some of us have also found that vendors of various technologies all too frequently fall short of the promises they make, promising one thing then delivering far less that what they claimed it is they would deliver.  Some of it is due to technology itself, while at other times, it is that they oversell what they do have.  When a customer complains they then come back with the “We consider it acceptable to us”, with absolutely no consideration as to what it is they “sold” to the customer, or resort to what they say are “technical problems” which they can’t solve. One of those “failure to deliver” with the internet, even personal connections to the internet, is speed.  When they sell “speed” most times they fail to deliver what it is they supposedly sold the customer and the customer should be satisfied with what can only be considered a failure by the internet provider, and all too frequently having no recourse with the provider therefore never “held to account” by any individual and/or organization.  For instance, it does nobody any good, if we have high-speed transmission of information or data, between central points on a network but which can be easily overloaded.  Neither is it at all acceptable to some of us, if the connection to our own system, is either unstable or unreliable, and totally dependent upon what others are doing on the internet. One of the real problems, some of us have found (after many years or experience in the information system) is that decisions are made), not by individuals who are technically qualified, but by those who are not.  In fact, those decision makers all too frequently do not even listen to those qualified in the field, choosing instead to listen to the promises (many of them empty) made by a provider.  They then sign contracts which, most frequently written by the provider, with none of the required standards included. Yes, by all means, look at everything and all providers, with an eye to both short and long term, but also make darned certain that in whatever contracts signed, that the required standards of performance required and acceptable be included in those contracts, and before any contract is signed. Page 1 of 1 TOP JOBS Accounting Support Specialist Mid-Sized Oil & Gas Services Company in Grand Junction is seeking... Purchaser Full time w/benefits. Looking for an energetic/hard working i... Bookkeeper/medical Billing Medical Billing/Bookkeeper Fast-paced eye care practice looking for a... Area Extesion Agent, Entomology COLORADO STATEUNIVERSITY EXTENSIONJob Vacancy #01-17Area Extensio... Newspaper Routes BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapers as an Indep... Administrator Small Water UtilityWestern Slope ColoradoWater Utility... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2016 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 How Google embarrassed Apple Steve Kovach Oct. 30, 2016, 5:35 AM 51,148 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google CEO Sundar Pichai.Reuters/Beck Diefenbach This week didn't look good for Apple. Google's new Pixel phone launched to positive reviews, largely because of the phone's new digital helper called Google Assistant. As I wrote in my review of the new Google Pixel, it’s relatively easy to make a high-end smartphone these days. The real challenge is lighting it up with unique software that helps you do more. And the new Google Assistant accomplishes just that. Right out of the gate, Assistant is noticeably smarter and more capable than Siri, a stark embarrassment for Apple, which had a five-year head start on Google. AI and voice control are considered to be the next big step in how we compute (just look at the early success of the Amazon Echo), and Google has already pulled ahead. Assistant is so good because it taps into Google’s vast network of products and culls them together into a single, all-knowing app. The more Google services like Calendar, Photos, and Gmail you use, the smarter Assistant gets. It’s also better at answering questions than the competition, thanks to its ability to tap into Google’s vast Knowledge Graph and deliver the single answer to the question you ask. Google Assistant has so many impressive skills that it’s impossible to list them all now. I’m still discovering new capabilities after almost two weeks with the Pixel. Here’s how I put it in my review: I haven't even come close to unlocking everything Assistant can do, but I was routinely surprised whenever I dreamed up something new to ask. Pull up the photos I took from my latest trip to San Francisco. Done. Give me the fastest route home. Done. Remind me to chat with my boss when I get to work tomorrow. Done. Play that Calvin Harris and Rihanna song. Done. Then there's the ability to tap into Google's vast knowledge of the web and deliver answers to the questions you ask. What time is the next presidential debate? Did the Jets win? Are there any good ramen restaurants near me, and can I get a reservation? I could go on and on, but you probably get the idea. Google has tens of billions of answers logged into its system, and it can pull even more from trusted sources like Wikipedia if it's stumped. It's almost always able to get you what you're looking for, though I did experience some rare cases in which it would pull up a standard list of Google search results. The shame here is that Siri had a five-year head start on Google Assistant, and Apple totally blew it. Siri struggles to answer even the simplest of queries. It wasn’t until two tech columnists recently pointed out those flaws that Siri quickly learned the answers to some of the questions they were griping about. Curious! The reality is Apple can’t be reactive and improve Siri every time someone blogs about its flaws.  Luckily, the pieces are in place, as Apple has acquired a series of AI and machine learning companies over the last year or so. Most notably, it bought the UK-based startup Vocal IQ, which as I reported earlier this year had technology that allowed users to control a phone or computer completely with voice. That also jibes with Apple’s near-term goal to make Siri fully capable of controlling the iPhone within the next few years, as Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman reported. But for now, Google Assistant is clearly in the lead, and that lead will only get wider as more people use it and increases its intelligence. NOW WATCH: A hacker reveals a simple way to come up with a strong password that's easy to remember Loading video... More: Google Google Assistant Siri Apple Artificial Intelligence facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru How Google embarrassed Apple How Google embarrassed Apple This week didn't look good for Apple. Google's... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Google taught artificial intelligence to encrypt messages on its own Quartz 10/30/2016 Dave Gershgorn © Provided by Quartz Bots behind the cryptographic wheel. A team at Google has built a system to show that artificial intelligence can build its own form of encryption. While not very complex currently, this research could set the table for encryption that gets stronger as hackers attempt to crack it. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 105.71 -2.72 -2.51% Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SSNLF ▼ 1,250.00 -175.00 -12.28% TransDigm Group Inc TDG ▼ 252.94 -19.35 -7.11% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 719.07 -19.94 -2.70% To see if the artificial intelligence could learn to encrypt on its own, the AI researchers at Google Brain, a unit of the search company focused on deep learning, built a game with three entities powered by deep neural networks: Alice, Bob, and Eve. Alice was designed to send an encrypted message of 16 zeroes and ones to Bob, which was designed to decrypt the message. The two bots started with a shared key, a foundation for the message’s encryption. Eve was placed squarely in the middle, intercepting the information and attempting to decrypt it as well. To avoid Eve working out the encryption, Alice started transforming the message in different ways, and Bob adaptively learned how to shift his decryption to keep up. The researchers measured Eve’s success by how close it got to the correct message, Alice’s by whether Eve’s answer was further from the original message than a random guess, and Bob’s by whether he met a certain threshold for arriving at the right answer. The three networks were designed as generative adversarial networks, meaning they weren’t taught anything about encryption or shown examples of encrypted and decrypted messages. They learned by trying to outsmart each other. Bob, in red, quickly adapted to learn new encryption while Eve, in green, was unable to keep up. © Provided by Quartz Bob, in red, quickly adapted to learn new encryption while Eve, in green, was unable to keep up. For the first 7,000 messages, Alice and Bob started out simply. Alice’s encryption was easy for Bob to figure out, but that meant it was easy for Eve to guess as well. But over the next 6,000 messages, Alice and Bob devised a kind of encryption that Eve simply couldn’t crack. Bob was able to reliably decrypt the message with no errors, while Eve consistently got seven or eight of the 16 characters wrong. Since the answers were either a zero or one, Eve would have had the same chances if it just flipped a coin. This kind of learning is done over thousands of iterations by a mosaic of mathematic weights being changed within the algorithms, so not even the researchers can understand how the encryption was built without an intensive and time-consuming analysis. While this was a simple test of whether AI can succeed at generating a form of encryption, it does spark questions about the future of security. Cryptography has always been a game of cat and mouse between those encrypting and those attempting to decrypt, constrained by the speed of modern computers. And while authors write that keeping data secure is more than just having strong encryption, cybersecurity might mean one day having AI agents fighting continually to protect your information, while others try to ferret it out. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Quartz The “supermoon” as seen from India is absolutely captivating Quartz The MacBook Pro reviews are in and they’re categorically 'meh' Quartz One week of demonetization in India: the good, the bad, and the ugly Quartz If Trump pulls out of the Paris Agreement, Europe could institute a “carbon tax” on US imports Quartz Quartz View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Home Auto Gadgets Hardware Internet IT Science Software Blogs Polls Submit News Gadgets What do you know about Google Pixel XL? Saimin (Blog) - October 30, 2016 2:03 AM Print Recipient E-mail Sender E-mail When, you look back to Google’s products, and compare the original Nexus One with the Nexus 5X and 6P you notice that Google’s distinctive products are great devices. As we look forward with Android OEMs being base in the market for devices, competitors keep putting more time into changing or adding to features to their device. So, the Nexus got structurally facelifted as well to become Google’s phones that were recently introduced to the world as new and perfect Android smartphones called “Pixel”.     Pictures from Google     So, Nexus has now become Google’s smartphone series – Pixel and Pixel XL. Throughout my phone experience I have come to believe that this is what Google wanted to accomplish. And it was done well from software, hardware and even including Google Assistant which is phenomenal.               The question is what do you want to accomplish and to what extent? The Pixel XL has a quality which is undeniable. It is a well and complex built device for today’s market.   This incredible device’s back panel is combination of aluminum and glass. (Only top one- third is glass). This mixture not only is durable, but also has a great look.  All the features that were posted in the past still standup for it. And in-addition, there is a circular fingerprint sensor on the top left corner where the 12 MP Camera is placed along with dual- LED flash.    This phone is equipped with distinct distance and movement detection, laser autofocus, as well as a secondary noise cancellation.  It is designed and completed with an audio and video recording mic.  The only thing missing in Google’s smartphones, is waterproofing. The rest of it is almost the same on both phones.                          You can get on the spot information about the weather by  asking Google assistance by using voice command.  The internal software works smoothly with any activity you are on. Pixel has great audio and picture taking should not be your concern. It does not matter that you are traveling on a bumpy road or have a shaky hand, just live it to Pixel.  It will capture sharp and clear pictures.     Things are kept simple and easy to operate without any difficulties.  According to Google the Pixel has best camera. Overall it is a powerful device in the market.                            GOOGLE PIXEL 128GB VS APPLE IPHONE 7 PLUS 256GB FULL COMPARISON     Google Pixel 128GB   Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Processor 2150 MHz, Dual core 2370 MHz, Quad core Display 5.0 Inch 5.5 Inch Storage 128 GB                           256 GB RAM 4 GB 3 GB Battery 2770 mAh 2900 mAh Camera 12.3 MP 12 MP             "Nowadays, security guys break the Mac every single day. Every single day, they come out with a total exploit, your machine can be taken over totally. I dare anybody to do that once a month on the Windows machine." -- Bill Gates Latest Headlines Black Friday is Ahead. What do You Have in Mind? November 7, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Big Solar Panels Over The Roof Again Thanks to New Technology November 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Do You Know What Products Apple Made Decades Ago? November 4, 2016, 5:30 AM What will be the next iPhone display? And what else at CES 2016 November 1, 2016, 5:35 AM What do you know about Google Pixel XL? October 30, 2016, 2:03 AM Hidden Features of the Google Phone October 27, 2016, 5:05 AM More Headlines Most Popular ArticlesUTHealth Clinical Trial Shows Progress Using Stem Cells to Treat Traumatic Brain Injury November 8, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Big Solar Panels Over The Roof Again Thanks to New Technology November 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Ergonomic Mice: 3M vs J-Tech November 8, 2016, 6:00 AM Uber Partners with Circulation to Pilot Program Connecting Transportation and Digital Health Care November 6, 2016, 5:00 AM Ultimate GPUs - 3 Under $300.00 November 7, 2016, 1:00 AM Latest Blog Posts Points to Consider when Buying Your New PC – Window 10 PC Buying Guide Saimin Nidarson - Nov 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Google’s Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones have a Bug Saimin Nidarson - Nov 13, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Latest Announcement Saimin Nidarson - Nov 12, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Free Lunch Saimin Nidarson - Nov 11, 2016, 1:00 AM Are you tried of Google tracking you? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 10, 2016, 2:34 AM Antibody May Promise Zika Vaccine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Samsung is Back in the News Again Saimin Nidarson - Nov 7, 2016, 1:00 AM What are the benefits of a solar panel roofing system and how it works? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 6, 2016, 6:00 AM PolyMet Wants Build Copper Mine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Paying Your Metro Transit Fare Got Easier Saimin Nidarson - Nov 4, 2016, 5:15 AM Xiaomi Launched Mi Air Purifier Pro in China Saimin Nidarson - Nov 3, 2016, 4:31 AM A Car Mechanic Repaired a Helicopter Saimin Nidarson - Nov 2, 2016, 2:00 AM Wells Fargo after damaging its reputation and taking over the customer’s accounts wants to be trusted again!!! Saimin Nidarson - Nov 1, 2016, 9:46 AM World News, Ceta Signing was Cancelled: Saimin Nidarson - Oct 31, 2016, 1:45 AM What Would You Do for A Free iPhone7? Elroy Bethell - Oct 30, 2016, 1:00 AM Airline Flight Catches Fire Saimin Nidarson - Oct 29, 2016, 1:17 AM From Time to Time, The Unbelievable and Unimaginable Happens!!!! Saimin Nidarson - Oct 28, 2016, 4:56 AM Key EpiPen Competitor Out in 2017 At ' Very Low' Cost Saimin Nidarson - Oct 27, 2016, 5:30 AM Researchers use CRISPR to Accelerate Search for HIV Cure Saimin Nidarson - Oct 26, 2016, 5:00 AM More Blog Posts Copyright 2016 DailyTech LLC. - RSS Feed | Advertise | About Us | Ethics | FAQ | Terms, Conditions & Privacy Information | Kristopher Kubicki
Tuesday 15 Nov 2016 / Tehran - 03:48 / GMT - 00:18 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology Sun Oct 30, 2016 12:4 Google Pixel XL's Camera vs. LG V20 Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- The latest phones from Google and LG don't look very similar and take different approaches to the user experience, but one thing that's constant is the focus on camera quality. Google has talked a big game with the launch of the Pixels, and so far it seems to have held up unlike previous generations. At the same time, LG has been shipping phones with excellent cameras the past few years, easily landing near the top in overall quality and experience. The new LG V20 is no exception, offering not only high-quality but also unique photography possibilities. When you put the Pixel XL and LG V20's cameras head-to-head, though, which one comes out on top? We're here to answer that question. Performance and interface Google has made improvements to its camera interface over the past couple of years, but if you're looking for a raw number of features, modes and options you're going to be a bit disappointed. The Google Camera app is still all about simplicity, giving you access to just a couple of toggles and the choice to switch to Panorama, Photo Sphere and Lens Blur. Yes there are a few additional tweaks, but it's nothing like what LG offers. The V20 is billed as being for "content creation," and naturally that lines up with a far more powerful camera app as well. You get all of the basics in a simple interface, plus live filters and lots of great shooting modes for things like time lapses built right in. Not only do average users have extra options in the viewfinder, pro-level users can also toggle into a Manual shooting mode and tweak any possible setting they could think of. That may not be your thing right now, but not having to download a different camera app to get those advanced features is a huge plus. Oddly enough, though, you have to hop into the settings just to toggle the HDR mode. Though the V20 leads in terms of the interface if you want tweaking options, the Pixel XL is ahead in speed and overall performance. Google has made massive improvements to the speed of its camera compared to the Nexus 6P, and now the PIxels are at the top of the heap. The V20 can launch as fast as the Pixel XL through a double press of the volume down key, but in my time using it there was an inconsistency about it where you'd sometimes launch the camera with hesitation and some lag before you could take your first shot. The Pixel XL has never failed to launch immediately and be ready to take a photo. But those speed differences are really minor in the grand scheme of things, and you're easily going to be able to look beyond them if you want to have the option to tweak your shots with the V20. The average person who just wants to pull out their phone, snap a shot and share it on social media will be well-served by either camera app — the big difference is how much you value the customizability. Camera quality The Pixel XL offers a lower 12MP resolution and slower f/2.0 lens to the V20's 16MP and f/1.8 — but both offer very fast laser auto focusing. The Pixel XL's one big trump card is the combination of very big individual pixels and outstanding software processing, which it has shown to use to great effect. So how does that all combine in terms of photo quality? I took both phones out and snapped pictures just how anyone else would: lift up the phone, snap a picture, lift up the other phone, snap a picture. No post-processing or tweaks. The Pixel XL lines up closely in quality with the LG V20. The Pixel XL consistently took a bit cooler and more natural-looking photos, while the LG V20 was a tad warmer and often took brighter photos. Those brighter images — partially due to the f/1.8 lens — are definitely more appealing to the eye, even if they aren't actually true to the scene. When you zoom in and check things out closely, the Pixel XL offers sharper details, but that's hardly noticeable when viewed full-size. Both phones did an excellent job using HDR to simply take balanced and good-looking photos, rather than blowing out the colors. The one big difference, for me, is how it was very clear when the V20's auto-HDR didn't kick in, leaving you with a comparatively dull shot from the single exposure. Taking that into consideration, I'd lean toward just recommending leaving HDR on 100% of the time on the V20. When it comes to low light shots, the differences are still narrow between the two, though I can give the nod to the Pixel XL here thanks to its wonderful sharpening and managing of noise in dark scenes. The LG V20 is still extremely capable in light in a more "traditional" sense with its f/1.8 lens, but the Pixel XL captures more fine detail in low light scenes (mostly noticeable when you zoom in on images), and better manages dark portions of mixed scenes with its HDR+ processing. Again, realistically the differences are slight — but if you want to get critical, you give Pixel XL the higher praise. Something that makes this comparison a bit tougher is the V20's inclusion of a secondary super wide-angle camera. As you can see from the comparison shots above I focused on the V20's main 16MP camera, and though the secondary 8MP shooter isn't as high of quality (especially in low light) it offers extremely unique shooting opportunities that can really set it apart. Having the choice of toggling to the wide-angle lens with a tap on the screen can be a difference maker, and I loved using it throughout my review. Bottom line I'm so happy to see that we have multiple phones giving us fantastic cameras in 2016, and after comparing it to the Pixel XL the LG V20 is definitely one of the top-tier group. My enjoyment of shooting with the Pixel XL is well known at this point, but the LG V20 offers a unique set of features and possibilities that make it more fun to take pictures with, even if the quality isn't particularly better in any given situation. The choices of shooting in a full manual mode, or with the secondary wide-angle camera, definitely tip the scales in LG's favor when you compare it to the more bare-bones Pixel XL. Not everyone is going to care about the extra complication of those other features, though, and in that case either one of these phones will absolutely impress you with their photos.         LATEST STORIES (4) Aerial Footage Shows Syrian Army Advances in Southwestern Damascus Syrian Army Missile Hits Militants' Gathering in Southern Aleppo Hashd Al-Shaabi Kicks Off 3rd Phase of Military Operations West of Mosul Anti-Trump Protests Continue across US Cities Spokesman: Iran's Missile Power Not Negotiable Tasting Justice: ISIL Being Driven Away in Iraq and Syria Iran, Russia Stress Boosting Mutual Cooperation Spokesman: AEOI Not Concerned About Trump Aides' Remarks Hashd Al-Shaabi Rescues 300 Sunni Families Battle for Mosul Day 28: Hashd Al-Sha'abi Kicks Off 3rd Phase of Mosul Operation Russia, Iran Plan $10bln Arms Deal Report: Russian Strategic Bombers Prepare to Strike Terrorists in Syria Samples Taken in Syria's Aleppo Prove Militants Used Chlorine Gas Syria: Jeish Al-Fatah Declares State of Emergency in Aleppo Iran Urges Unity Among Muslim Nations Aerial Footage Shows Syrian Army Advances in Southwestern Damascus TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army troops continued to hit the terrorist groups' defense lines and gatherings and seized back new regions in Western Ghouta, tightening the siege of the militant-held town of Khan al-Sheih. [VIDEO] Syrian Army Missile Hits Militants' Gathering in Southern Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian army troops targeted and destroyed a position of the terrorists with a guided missile fire in the village of Khalasa in the Southern countryside of Aleppo. [VIDEO] Hashd Al-Shaabi Kicks Off 3rd Phase of Military Operations West of Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraq's volunteer forces (Hashd al-Shaabi) started the third phase of their military operations in areas on the Western side of Mosul. [PHOTOS] Anti-Trump Protests Continue across US Cities TEHRAN (FNA)- Thousands of people took to the streets across the country to display dissent for Donald Trump's election for the fifth straight day and the sixth night of protests. [PHOTOS] Spokesman: Iran's Missile Power Not Negotiable TEHRAN (FNA)- Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi underlined that Iran's defense program and capability is a redline and non-negotiable. Tasting Justice: ISIL Being Driven Away in Iraq and Syria TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi Troops made another major breakthrough on Sunday after they liberated Nimrud town completely as part of an offensive to retake Mosul – the only remaining ISIL stronghold in the country. Iran, Russia Stress Boosting Mutual Cooperation TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif and Russian Federation Council Chairwoman Ivanovna Matvienko in a meeting in Tehran on Monday underlined that Tehran and Moscow enjoy strategic relations, and called for the further expansion of all-out ties. Spokesman: AEOI Not Concerned About Trump Aides' Remarks TEHRAN (FNA)- Spokesman of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran Behrouz Kamalvandi said Tehran is not at all concerned about the statements made by US President-Elect Donald Trump and his advisors about the Vienna nuclear deal with Iran. Hashd Al-Shaabi Rescues 300 Sunni Families TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi volunteer forces (Hashd al-Shaabi) rescued tens of Sunni families after heavy clashes with the ISIL terrorists in an area West of the flashpoint city of Mosul. Battle for Mosul Day 28: Hashd Al-Sha'abi Kicks Off 3rd Phase of Mosul Operation TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraq's military offensive to liberate the city of Mosul from ISIL's control continued on Monday as volunteer forces (Hashd al-Sha'abi) started the third phase of the military operations in areas on the Western side of the ISIL-held city. Russia, Iran Plan $10bln Arms Deal TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran and Russia began negotiating on the supply of $10 billion worth of weapons and hardware to Tehran following the successful delivery of Russia’s S-300 air defense missile systems to the country in October, the Russian media reported on Monday. Report: Russian Strategic Bombers Prepare to Strike Terrorists in Syria TEHRAN (FNA)- A diplomatic source said the Russia's Air force engineering units have concluded their preparations to set Russian Strategic Bombers for combat use in Syria. Samples Taken in Syria's Aleppo Prove Militants Used Chlorine Gas TEHRAN (FNA)- The Russian Defense Ministry said Monday that samples taken in Syria's city of Aleppo prove that militants used chlorine gas in their attacks. Syria: Jeish Al-Fatah Declares State of Emergency in Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- Jeish al-Fatah has ordered all its militants in Aleppo to stay on the alert after reports indicated that the Syrian army is preparing to launch a massive assault in the region, media sources disclosed Monday. Iran Urges Unity Among Muslim Nations TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif called for Islamic countries' vigilance to foil enemies' plots against Muslim unity. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2016 ©
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Data and computer security The Observer Password not accepted: are biometric checks the answer? Internet security is time-consuming and increasingly useless. Now, technology firms are racing to find a new universal ‘open sesame’ to our digital lives Now was it my mother’s maiden name or favourite pet? Benedict Cumberbatch as computer scientist Alan Turing in The Imitation Game. Photograph: Black Bear Pictures/Sportsphoto Ltd/Allstar Tim Adams Sunday 30 October 2016 04.00 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger I’m old enough to remember a life in which you could confidently expect your skill for guessing passwords to be redundant by about the age of nine. That was when your mate down the road finally overcame his love of spy games and his obsessive desire not to allow you past his front door or into his garden shed without you first establishing his favourite crisp flavour. Unfortunately, however, it seems that mate, who subsequently spent his lunch hours in the school’s windowless computer room, up to his knees in punch cards, has long since taken over the world. Banks' online security is failing customers, says Which? Read more Last week, I again found myself in that familiar circle of hell reserved for tired and impatient and forgetful people very close to a deadline. I had already spent way too long trying to remember that week’s combination of password and user name in order to enter a Gmail account – my Gmail account – which I was unaccountably excluded from and to which I needed access in order to open a document that I had to rewrite. Having finally come up with the password – complete with recent mutations of ampersands and exclamation marks and upper and lower case letters and barnacles of numeric additions (first phone number? gym locker combo?) once created on a cheerful whim and now half-forgotten at painful leisure – I was faced with an unexpected conundrum. Six blurred photographs of street scenes flashed up on my screen along with this unwarranted question: “Which of these images contains a shopfront?” Google’s virtual jobsworth of a security guard clearly wanted to know who exactly it was dealing with (and to collect some more free data for its picture-recognition software). Was I a robot mind myself, intent on hoovering up barnacled passwords? Or was I indeed a tired and impatient and forgetful human being very close to a deadline? In the past, I guess, one or two goes at a Captcha graffiti might have sufficed, but as machine intelligence has become smarter, a more nuanced capacity was apparently required to establish my human credentials. We might not be good for much these days in Google’s eyes, but we can certainly recognise a shopfront when we see one. I peered at the photographs on the screen, as if they were exhibits in a William Eggleston show. Some of them were straightforward enough, but one or two undeniably gave me pause. In the background of one picture in particular some warehouse type buildings clearly had floor-to-ceiling glazing but no obvious signage. What to do? Surely the creators of this test wouldn’t expect this level of pictorial analysis – or perhaps that was exactly what they required? If I looked really hard at a certain angle I thought I could make out some shadowy furniture in the window of the warehouse in question. But still it looked more like some kind of out-of-town storage facility than a conventional shop. Taking my life in my hands, I plumped for the “x” indicating “no” and pressed enter. Another six images flashed up, no less complex in their composition than the first set. And again the question: “Which of these images contains a shopfront?” And so the morning ebbed. Even for the man who is credited with creating the 'user name and password' protocol, the tool has become a curse A couple of years ago, I visited the headquarters of Google in Palo Alto and talked to Amit Singhal, then head of search, about his vision for the future of our interaction with our uncanny machines. He suggested that the ultimate goal was really something like what you saw in the Star Trek episodes he grew up watching in a village in India. He imagined a near future in which the interface between man and computer would be entirely intuitive and transparent. “The endgame of this is we want to make it always as natural a thought process as possible,” Singhal said. “We are maniacally focusing on the user to reduce every possible friction point between them, their thoughts and the information they want to find.” I thought of that conversation when I was at San Francisco airport later that day, trying to summon a booking confirmation on my phone and faced with the need to first answer the following questions that might have been posed by my mate up the road: “Who was your favourite teacher at school?” and “What was the first album you bought?” Frictionless wasn’t the first word that came to mind. In a recent survey of European workers using IT in their jobs, it was suggested that they spend about 36 minutes a day on “login events”. A number that prompts the thought: they must have got lucky. Over the past decade or two of our digital lives, each of us has built up an average legacy of more than 100 sites and apps requiring passwords for access. As the fraudsters and hackers have got more skilled, so the bar for entry has been set ever higher. The recent added complication that on a “password change event” you cannot choose a password you have used in the past 12 months is another cruel blow to our garbled private mnemonics. In the past year, 55% of people admit to abandoning a login due to a forgotten password and about the same number suggested they had given up on paying for something they wanted to buy online because of the complications of the authentication process. Even for the man who is credited with creating the “user name and password” protocol, the tool has become a curse. That man is an emeritus professor of MIT, Fernando Corbató, now aged 90. In the early 60s, Corbató was in charge of a massive prototype time-sharing computer at the university called CTSS. The computer was the pioneer of many of the features of digital technology we have come to love – email, instant messaging – and one that we do not. Because of the shared nature of CTSS it was decided that researchers should have their own accounts so that their work did not overlap. A simple name and password code was devised to create a degree of privacy. In 2014, Corbató gave an interview to the Wall Street Journal in which he acknowledged that he had inadvertently made a “sorry that password has not been recognised” monster. “Unfortunately, it’s become a kind of a nightmare with the world wide web,” he said. “I don’t think anybody can possibly remember all the passwords that are issued or set up. That leaves people with two choices. Either you maintain a crib sheet, a mild no-no, or you use some sort of program as a password manager.” What did Mr Corbató do? the WSJ wondered. “I have to confess, I used to use a crib sheet,” he said. “I don’t think I’m guarding any great secrets. Three typed pages. Probably 150 passwords over the years.” This 50-year-old technology has long been showing its age – despite the levels of complexity there are major password breaches reported weekly – but it has proved hard to replace. Currently, there are many companies competing to create a new form of universal open sesame that will make all those password reminders redundant. Google, Facebook and Apple are inevitably leading this effort, though many businesses are reluctant to hand over their authentication processes to the data-loving giant, which gives an opportunity to innovative companies with a focus only on security. Gigya, based in Palo Alto, provides a platform that manages 1.4bn user identities globally for customers including banks, retailers and the BBC. Most of the login processes they manage are still password-based, but more and more use a form of “social registration” – “Can we use your Facebook or Google details to find out who you are?” – and some use biometric gateways: fingerprints, facial and voice recognition. Hacker collects 272m email addresses and passwords, some from Gmail Read more Richard Lack, director of sales, expects this latter category to grow exponentially in the next five years. In its somewhat polemical report on the “death of the password” (a demise predicted more often than that of the English novel), Gigya suggested that “more than 770m biometric-enabled applications will be downloaded each year by 2019, as compared with 6m in 2015”. “We do all hope the password dies quite soon,” Lack says. “And the research supports the fact that most consumers hope that too – 52% would rather have biometric security.” (And, as we all now know, 52% these days means that the people have spoken in unprecedented numbers: biometric means biometric). “A few banks are starting to use it,” Lack says. “HSBC and First Direct are allowing touch ID to log into your account and also some voice recognition. But for the better part we are still using complex passwords.” Where does the resistance lie? “I think security is the drag anchor,” Lack suggests. “With most of our customers there is usually a security team that is extremely anxious about adopting new technology. The irony is that, as we know, passwords are far from secure now. The average user has fewer than three passwords and those can very often be easily guessed. They use them on average across 120 online accounts. If a password is guessed on one, then effectively a hacker can completely unlock your digital life.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Every year millions of internet passwords are stolen or hacked. Photograph: Markus Brunner/Getty Images/Imagebroker RF A couple of recent changes may accelerate the march of biometrics. The new European directive on payment services mandates that any online payment will require two-factor authentication (usually password plus SMS code), though lobbyists for retailers are currently challenging that. The other engine of change is the fact that two years ago the Apple touch recognition interface was made available to anyone who wants to use it. The first adopters have been banks because they have huge costs on call centres, specifically for password resets. “Touch is anyway far more secure than anything that has gone before,” Lack argues. “We expect all banks to adopt biometrics in the next couple of years.” The other advance is in using network effects for identity management – a pooling of your identity data: “On the horizon is the capacity that when security is breached in one place the network immediately knows about it,” Lack says. “It’s like an immune response. Where one customer detects that I have had three failed password attempts it notifies everyone else in the cloud and says this user needs to step up authentication or have their account locked. That’s a massive benefit for security teams. That will drag them toward cloud-based security and biometric authentication.” It does sound like a major step forward for security teams, if somewhat less so for users who will presumably suddenly be shut out from their online lives, although perhaps only until they have swiped a finger. The company ThreatMetrix has been working in this latter area for a decade and 30,000 websites and apps use its technology, which is invisible to the customer. Its solutions director, Stephen Moody, says: “The challenge is that you can’t really have a central store of biometric data because of the privacy implications. It needs to remain anonymous. In our view, the key additional security measure you need is what we call ‘ongoing behavioural analysis’, which secures all the weak points in registration.” To this end, ThreatMetrix has built an anonymised network called the “digital identity network”, which already sits on websites and mobile apps and is enabled by cookies. This network monitors every account transaction you make, anonymously. “We don’t know who you are but we tokenise various aspects of your behaviour and we correlate that together,” Moody says. What kind of aspects of behaviour? “Simple things. For example, when I go about the internet I use several devices. Maybe a couple of laptops, two phones, and I tend to use these machines to connect to the internet in different ways and from different locations. I have a VPN at work, I have Sky broadband at home. So over time I have a clear pattern of behaviour. Do I tend to have flash-enabled or is it turned off? The system looks at all that and correlates it with my different email addresses for example, work and home, the credit cards I have associated with those accounts and so on. Every time we see an event, we are saying, ‘Does this interaction look consistent with what we know of this person’s behaviour? Do you usually log on to your bank account in this way from this location?’ If you do, you get a positive trust score. If not, there will be an alert.” Over time, your anonymous security profile will only get stronger, Moody suggests, making it easier and easier to know for sure it is you doing what you are doing. Phil Dunkelberger is the CEO of a company called Nok Nok. Speaking on the phone from California, he inevitably asks me: “If I say Nok Nok, you say?” “Who’s there?” I reply dutifully. Nok Nok has added an extra twist to these future scenarios. It is Dunkelberger’s belief that your phone will increasingly become your gateway to much of the internet. If you have it on your person and you are biometrically logged in, that will be enough to enable forms of access without password issues. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Professor Fernando Corbató, father of the password. “One of the companies we work with allows you to use your phone to open the electronic lock as you move inside the perimeter of the building they have ‘geo-fenced’. You don’t have to log in to anything, as long as you have your phone with you. It logs you in to machines, the assembly line. You have a strong authenticator. The biometric is the phone itself. If at any point the system suggests it doesn’t think it is you, it can prompt you to swipe your finger. It’s like keeping your front door keys with you.” The other most requested service Nok Nok has is for face or “selfie recognition”, says Dunkelberger, “partly because the whole world is selfie mad”. The technology has overcome the teething problem of people bypassing the security test by simply holding up a photograph of a face for recognition access. “We have this thing we call liveness,” Dunkelberger says. “You are asked to blink your eyes and nod your head and the software can read that. It works well in good lighting. It’s more challenging in a shadowy area, but the cameras are getting better. That is coming. Yesterday on the east coast I was in five places that were asking, ‘When can we have picture modality?’” The answer, he says, was soon. In the meantime, we are left with the last knockings of passwords that accumulate their unusual characters by the day. Or, maybe for some of us, perhaps they do not. Every year, SplashData compiles a list of the millions of stolen passwords made public in the past 12 months, then sorts them in order of popularity. And every year the top two passwords remain unchanged: “123456” always comes in at number one and “password” stubbornly retains its runner-up spot. Not far behind is a login that sounds quite a lot like a cry for help: “letmein”. You can add exclamation marks as required. More features Topics Data and computer security Internet Internet safety Biometrics Computing Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Data and computer security Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Money Investing Shares Funds Buy to let ISAs JISAs SIPPs Special reports Telegraph Investor More Telegraph Money Investing Shares Forget Google and Amazon and invest in these Asian tech giants Alibaba chairman and chief executive Jack Ma has celebrated the rise of the technology giant Credit: Claro Cortes IV/Reuters Laura Suter 30 October 2016 • 6:42am Many investors have profited hugely from America’s booming tech industry, but should they now switch their money to Asia’s fast-growing rivals? Investors have flocked to Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google (now traded under parent company Alphabet), profiting from the enormous rise in the value of these companies. These four stocks have attracted so much attention that they now have their own acronym: the “Fang” stocks. But some investment professionals now say their Asian equivalents could deliver far higher returns in the near future. Asia’s “Stat” stocks – Samsung, the phone and electronics company, Tencent, a Chinese internet firm, Alibaba, China’s biggest online retailer, and Taiwan Semiconductor, an electronics company – are being tipped to grow faster and for longer than their American equivalents. “The companies in China are basically shaping up as the global rivals to the US-centred internet companies,” said Walter Price, a San Francisco-based fund manager at Allianz Global Investors. Tencent, in particular, has seen massive growth: its share price has risen by 5,000pc in the past 10 years and it recently became the most valuable company in Asia. James Yardley, a senior research analyst at Chelsea Financial Services, the investment shop, said Tencent, with a market value of around $250bn, was now “rivalling Google and Apple as the largest company in the world”. But despite this impressive growth to date, these firms have further to go, according to Mr Yardley. “Some of these companies have really good technology, in some cases better than Western technology,” he said. “And there is more growth potential – they have the emerging middle classes in Asia to sell to, whereas Western markets are more mature.” Another factor that aids these companies’ growth is that in China, and in Asia more widely, individuals tend to adopt new technology much more rapidly, jumping ahead of where Western consumers are, he said. The most successful companies in the world that youve almost certainly never heard of “The adoption of this technology in Asia is much faster. A lot of them are taken up so much faster than in Western nations, giving better prospects for growth in these companies,” Mr Yardley said. Samsung may seem an unlikely company to appear on the list, considering the recent high-profile problems it has had with its defective Note 7 mobile phone. However, Mr Price pointed out that only half of the company’s earnings came from the mobile phone business, with the rest deriving from its electronic components business, which sells batteries, memory cards and other parts to other phone and computer businesses. And that half of the business is growing fast, he said. In any event, Mr Price said he expected the company to overcome the problem with its mobile phones. “I am optimistic that Samsung will redesign the phone and bring out one that is able to replace the Note 7. Meanwhile the Galaxy 7, which accounts for most of its sales, continues to do well,” he said. However, the four companies are by no means cheap. Tencent, for example, is trading at a price to earnings ratio (p/e) of 58, while Alibaba is at 68. This is similar to 63 for Facebook, but well above the 31 for Alphabet, Google’s parent company. However, the Asian firms’ shares look cheap by comparison with Netflix’s stratospheric p/e of 342 times earnings and Amazon’s ratio of 207. Profile | Jack Ma How easy is it to invest in these firms? British investors can buy shares directly in Samsung, Alibaba and Taiwan Semiconductor in the same way that they would get access to American stocks, as they are listed in New York.  However, Tencent is very hard for individual investors to access because of the restrictions on foreigners investing in Chinese companies that are listed only on the country’s own exchanges. Those who do buy any of these companies directly should be aware that they are riskier than some other businesses because their valuations are high and they are focused on a specific market and sector. You are also exposed to the risk of currency fluctuations, while some professional investors have concerns about standards of corporate governance in China. Also, while these four stocks make for a snappy acronym, there are plenty of other Asian technology companies with good growth prospects that should not be ignored, said Mr Yardley. For those who want exposure to the growth offered by these companies but wish to avoid putting all their eggs in one basket, at least one fund has exposure to Asia’s tech giants among its other holdings. The Baillie Gifford Pacific fund has the Stat companies as its top four holdings and is described by Mr Yardley as the “purest way” to access the stocks via a fund. The £322m fund invests the bulk of its assets in China, India and South Korea, aiming to find companies that will outperform over five years. Another option is Schorders Asian Alpha Plus, run by Matthew Dobbs. The £537m fund has Samsung, Tencent and Taiwanese Semiconductor in its top 10, although the fund has underperformed its benchmark so far this year. Follow us for more investing ideas: @TelegraphInvest  Follow The Telegraph READ MORE ABOUT: Samsung China Netflix Facebook Asia Shares Funds Google Amazon Show more Money latest 14 Nov 2016, 10:10pm What went wrong with George Osborne's stamp duty reforms - and why Premium 14 Nov 2016, 12:29pm One in four buy-to-let investors sell up due to new tax 14 Nov 2016, 12:16pm Credit score map: are you more creditworthy than your neighbours? 14 Nov 2016, 12:00pm Your chance to live in a Grand Designs house 14 Nov 2016, 8:18am Shell vs BP: which oil giant should you buy? 14 Nov 2016, 12:01am First-time buyers continue to struggle in 'resilient' housing market, says Rightmove 13 Nov 2016, 7:22am New opportunities, new dangers: How to safeguard your investments in the era of Donald Trump 13 Nov 2016, 7:15am Russell Watson: 'My lowest ebb was hiding from the potato man, because I owed him £15’ Premium 13 Nov 2016, 6:35am 'Bungling BT wanted to charge me £500 to leave' 13 Nov 2016, 6:21am 'Why did John Lewis ignore my calls and emails?' 13 Nov 2016, 6:00am Mapped: which areas have the most listed buildings? 13 Nov 2016, 6:00am Look beyond Marylebone for a slice of London luxury in Fitzrovia 12 Nov 2016, 12:00pm Black Friday: 9 tips on how to get the best deals all year round  12 Nov 2016, 7:33am Donald Trump: is he the unlikely hero of Britain's savers? 12 Nov 2016, 7:29am 'Investors can raise a glass to Donald Trump’ 12 Nov 2016, 7:26am The child benefit trap that costs high earners thousands in retirement 12 Nov 2016, 7:19am These investments should survive anything Donald Trump throws at markets  12 Nov 2016, 7:12am The hidden sting that adds 25pc to your insurance bill 12 Nov 2016, 6:33am Comment: Donald Trump: Markets might be up but I'm holding 15pc cash and gold Richard Dyson Premium 12 Nov 2016, 6:27am 'Why did Asda charge me extra?' 12 Nov 2016, 6:12am 'I lost £1,000 coin in eBay scam' If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › world › europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development UK home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Italy Norcia earthquake: 6.6 magnitude shock felt in Rome - as it happened Strong tremor in central Italy days after the region was hit by two earthquakes Updated Nuns flee collapsing buildings following earthquake in Italy Bonnie Malkin and Josh Halliday Sunday 30 October 2016 06.52 EDT Last modified on Sunday 30 October 2016 08.12 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Key events Show 5.08am EDT 05:08 Around 10 injured but no reports of deaths 4.41am EDT 04:41 'I saw hell' 4.24am EDT 04:24 What we know so far 3.51am EDT 03:51 No immediate reports of casualties 3.36am EDT 03:36 'It's a disaster!' 3.29am EDT 03:29 Map of the epicentre 3.12am EDT 03:12 6.6 magnitude earthquake hits Italy Live feed Show 6.52am EDT 06:52 We are wrapping up our live coverage of the Italy earthquake. Dozens of historic buildings have been destroyed or seriously damaged by the 6.6 magnitude quake, with around a dozen people reported to be injured. There are currently no reports of deaths following the shock on Sunday morning. The epicentre of the quake was about 40 miles (68km) south-west of Perugia and close to the town of Norcia, which was already reeling from a series of large quakes. Many of the town’s residents had been evacuated after quakes on Wednesday, meaning they avoided the worst of the damage on Sunday. For the latest developments, click here for our full story. Updated at 8.11am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.26am EDT 06:26 More footage from Italian television of a collapsed building in the Marche town of Visso: Sky TG24 (@SkyTG24) Il crollo di una casa già lesionata a Visso dopo il #terremotocentroitalia di questa mattina. Notizie su #Canale50 e https://t.co/Ri2dF1s4bq pic.twitter.com/rlPOhZbHkP October 30, 2016 Updated at 6.27am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.17am EDT 06:17 Some images from the destruction in Italy: A collapsed building in L’Aquila after the strong earthquake in central Italy today. Photograph: Claudio Lattanzio/EPA Debris in Norcia after a wall collapsed following the strong earthquake that hit central Italy on Sunday. Photograph: EPA Another scene in Norcia. The quake was centred 6km north of the central Italian town. Photograph: EPA Updated at 6.21am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.26am EDT 05:26 Stephanie Kirchgaessner sends this update from Rome: Emergency responders - 112 in Italy - are urging people to use SMS messages and WhatsApp to check on their loved ones to avoid blocking emergency calls on telephone lines. 112 Italia (@112_ITALIA) Per assicurarvi che i vostri cari stiano bene, utilizzate SMS o WhatsApp per non intasare le linee telefoniche #Terremoto Emergenza 112 October 30, 2016 In Rome, where the shock of the earthquake was felt, it still feels “a bit jittery,” she says. Steph Kirchgaessner (@skirchy) Every now and then TV reports interuppted as journalists say it's shaking again "ecco, ecco, ecco" is all you hear October 30, 2016 Steph Kirchgaessner (@skirchy) Though relatively far from the worst,feels a bit jittery in Rome. People checking in on neighbors.Only time I felt such a quake was in Chile October 30, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.10am EDT 05:10 The independent scientific organisation EMSC has tweeted this map of where the quake struck in Italy earlier today. EMSC (@LastQuake) M6.5 #earthquake (#terremoto) strikes 125 km NE of #Roma (#Italy) 26 min ago. Updated map of its effects: pic.twitter.com/2hSzwpA67w October 30, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.08am EDT 05:08 Around 10 injured but no reports of deaths The head of civil protection, Fabrizio Curcio, has said at a press conference in the town of Rieti that “a dozen” people are reported injured, according to the Italian newspaper La Stampa. All the injuries are reported to be minor except for one who is said to be more seriously hurt. My colleague in Rome, Stephanie Kirchgaessner, has tweeted: Steph Kirchgaessner (@skirchy) No casualties reported yet, according to head of civil protection. About ten injuries, one of them serious #Italyearthquake October 30, 2016 Steph Kirchgaessner (@skirchy) Italians and the world face the sad reality that a beautiful part of Italy, in Marche and Umbria, will never be the same. #ItalyEarthquake October 30, 2016 Meanwhile, La Stampa reports that six injured people have been recovered from the rubble in Norcia. Updated at 5.11am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.58am EDT 04:58 Here is footage from Italian television of firefighters rescuing nuns in the badly-hit town of Norcia: Mary Shovlain (@maryshovlain) From SkyTG24: firemen assisting nuns in Norcia as quakes continue to bring that city to its knees: #eartquake #Norcia #Terremoto pic.twitter.com/JdDcAff3jh October 30, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.55am EDT 04:55 The monks of the devastated St Benedictine church, in Norcia, have said people remain trapped in the town’s square: The Monks of Norcia (@monksofnorcia) People are trapped in the main square, as nearby buildings may collapse. Trucks are coming to clear a path to safety. #terremoto October 30, 2016 In an update on their website, the monks posted: Dear friends, Around 7:40 AM, a powerful earthquake struck close to Norcia. The monks are all safe, but our hearts go immediately to those affected, and the priests of the monastery are searching for any who may need the Last Rites. The Basilica of St. Benedict, the historic church built atop the birthplace of St. Benedict, was flattened by this most recent quake. May this image serve to illustrate the power of this earthquake, and the urgency we monks feel to seek out those who need the Sacraments on this difficult day for Italy. Relying, as ever, on your prayers and support, Fr. Benedict Subprior Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.48am EDT 04:48 Three people have been pulled alive from rubble in the Marche town of Tolentino, the Italian newspaper La Stampa reports. There are reports that several buildings have collapsed in the town of about 20,000 people. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.41am EDT 04:41 'I saw hell' The mayors of the quake-hit towns, Ussita and Arquata del Tronto, have described the devastating effect of this morning’s earthquake. “It’s a disaster, a disaster!” mayor Marco Rinaldi told the ANSA news agency. “I was sleeping in the car and I saw hell.” Like Rinaldi, many people were sleeping in cars or had been evacuated to shelters or hotels in other areas following aftershocks on Wednesday from the earthquake in August. In Arquata del Tronto, which had been devastated by the earlier earthquake on 24 August that killed nearly 300 people, mayor Aleandro Petrucci said: “There are no towns left ... Everything came down.” Updated at 4.44am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 3 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Italy Earthquakes Europe Natural disasters and extreme weather Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content More on this story Italian priest blames earthquakes on gay civil unions Vatican rebukes Fr Giovanni Cavalcoli after he claims deadly quakes are divine punishment for the offence of civil unions Published: 5 Nov 2016 Italian priest blames earthquakes on gay civil unions No casualties after central Italy hit by another earthquake Magnitude 4.8 earthquake struck in early hours of Thursday morning close to Perugia in the same region hit by three strong quakes in last week Published: 3 Nov 2016 No casualties after central Italy hit by another earthquake San Benedetto basilica in Norcia is destroyed by earthquake Only medieval facade of one of Italian region’s most spiritually important sites is still standing after 6.6-magnitude quake Published: 30 Oct 2016 San Benedetto basilica in Norcia is destroyed by earthquake more on this story Italian priest blames earthquakes on gay civil unions Vatican rebukes Fr Giovanni Cavalcoli after he claims deadly quakes are divine punishment for the offence of civil unions Published: 5 Nov 2016 Italian priest blames earthquakes on gay civil unions No casualties after central Italy hit by another earthquake Magnitude 4.8 earthquake struck in early hours of Thursday morning close to Perugia in the same region hit by three strong quakes in last week Published: 3 Nov 2016 No casualties after central Italy hit by another earthquake San Benedetto basilica in Norcia is destroyed by earthquake Only medieval facade of one of Italian region’s most spiritually important sites is still standing after 6.6-magnitude quake Published: 30 Oct 2016 San Benedetto basilica in Norcia is destroyed by earthquake ‘Everything is destroyed’ - quake leaves Norcia’s prosciutto makers fighting for survival Sunday’s 6.6-magnitude earthquake in Italy left cured meats producer Valentina Fausti homeless and her pigs at risk from wolves Published: 1 Nov 2016 ‘Everything is destroyed’ - quake leaves Norcia’s prosciutto makers fighting for survival Dog rescued day after being buried alive by earthquake in Italy – video Published: 1 Nov 2016 Dog rescued day after being buried alive by earthquake in Italy – video Italy earthquake: residents fear historic towns will never look the same Published: 31 Oct 2016 Italy earthquake: residents fear historic towns will never look the same Pope expresses solidarity with Italians affected by earthquake – video Published: 30 Oct 2016 Pope expresses solidarity with Italians affected by earthquake – video Italy earthquake: historic structures levelled in biggest quake since 1980 Published: 30 Oct 2016 Italy earthquake: historic structures levelled in biggest quake since 1980 More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › Italy Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Microsoft > Windows FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Google to Remove Support for Drive Desktop App on Windows XP GO Users need to move to newer Windows, Google says Oct 30, 2016 03:50 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Windows XP is still running on more than 9 percent of the desktop computers across the world even though it reached end of support in April 2014, and without security patches and updates, it’s very clear that sticking with this version is quite a risky thing to do. Software developers across the world are one by one giving up on Windows XP, and the latest to do it is Google. The search company has announced today that it’s pulling support for Google Drive on Windows XP and Windows Vista, explaining that, after January 1, 2017, its desktop cloud app will no longer receive updates and improvements on these platforms. Google Drive will continue to work on Windows XP What’s super important to note is that Google isn’t discontinuing the Drive desktop software on Windows XP and Windows Vista, but only giving up on releasing new updates and improvements. This means that the existing Google Drive client should continue running smoothly on these two operating systems for a little longer, although there’s still no timing as to when the search firm could pull the plug completely on the app. “Today, we’re announcing that on January 1, 2017, we will discontinue support for the Google Drive desktop app on Windows XP, Vista and Server 2003 since these platforms are no longer actively supported by Microsoft. The Google Drive desktop app (officially: ‘Google Drive for Mac/PC’) will continue to function on these platforms, but will not be actively tested and maintained,” Google explained. As is the case with every software developer that decides to remove support for Windows XP, Google recommends users to move to newer Windows versions that still receive updates from Microsoft, such as Windows 7, 8.1, or 10. Even if the desktop app goes dark, however, Windows XP users still have the option to access their Drive cloud files in their browsers, but they’ll obviously miss features such as synchronization. #Microsoft#Google#Google Drive#Windows XP#Windows Vista subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Relive Windows XP Nostalgia with Bliss HD Wallpapers Microsoft to Kill Off Windows Essentials in January 2017 Windows 10 Becomes Top Desktop OS As Windows 7 Collapses in Several Countries Windows 10 Starts Losing Users on Steam Too OnePlus 4 Rumors Suggest Mind-Blowing Specs: 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 CPU Pregnant Woman Suffers Second-Degree Burns After Falling Asleep on iPhone 7 Google Pixel Gets Hacked in Less than One Minute, Apple's Safari in 20 Seconds Microsoft Officially Announces Visual Studio for Mac darktable 2.2 to Be a Major Release with RAW Overexposure Indication, New Tools Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Vivaldi 1.5 Web Browser Up to RC State, Fixes H.264 and MP3 Support for openSUSE Salix Xfce 14.2 Live Edition Released, It's Based on Xfce 4.12 & Slackware 14.2    Google Drive client on Windows New Apps Isotoxin: Chat with friends or colleagues on LAN or TOX networks by relying on this feature-packed multi-protocol messenger that bundles lots of useful features Screenpresso: Using this application you can capture your desktop or record it, then you can modify the files and save them to various formats OutlookStatView: Small-sized and portable tool that displays general statistics of your Outlook emails, featuring many useful configuration settings VidePub: Cut certain parts of video streams, remove logos and store them by using this lightweight application with an accessible interface IMVU: Accessible and useful communication application that enables you to create 3D animated characters and chat with all your friends QtlMovie: A video and audio transcoding application that bundles all the necessary tools for handling video files, adding them subtitles and creating DVDs MP4 Downloader: A lightweight and efficient software solution that allows you to download videos from popular websites, convert them to several formats and play them on portable devices Reader comments Russia Starts Microsoft Antivirus Investigation After Kaspersky Complaint more on: Microsoft i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital Global South Africa Making Strides in Virtual Reality Sphere Christopher Vourlias 1 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Courtesy Deep VR October 29, 2016 | 11:39PM PT JOHANNESBURG — Pop into a Spur franchise in Johannesburg these days and you might get a Google Cardboard along with your burger and fries. The push by the fast-food chain to get thousands of free, low-end Virtual Reality headsets into the marketplace underscores the fact that South Africa is determined to be a part of the global VR conversation. The challenge, though, is to make sure that conversation flows in both directions. “The big problem right now will be to make sure Africa puts its flag in the ground creatively speaking, as almost 100% of the content currently available on [major] platforms…is not from Africa,” says Neil Brandt, a producer with Fireworx Media, which this year launched Cyclops (Pvt.) Ltd., a subsidiary company focused exclusively on VR and 360 productions. “While much of the technological and story-telling innovation is coming out of the ‘global north,’ we believe that our perspectives…will have a unique place to fill in the VR content landscape,” he says. Cyclops’ first VR project, “Future Shock,” a collaboration with Brazilian and American partners, is being presented to Google and Oculus Rift this week at the PBS POV Hackathon in San Francisco, where Cyclops is the only African company represented. As the commercial prospects for VR in South Africa continue to grow, Brandt calls it “an extraordinarily well-timed moment to get international exposure” for the local VR community. His partner, Dan Jawitz, will be part of a panel discussion on African VR taking place in Johannesburg Nov. 3, as part of the Discop Africa TV content market. Few on the ground in South Africa anticipated the rapid growth they’re witnessing. “Our predictions were wrong,” admits Ulrico Grech-Cumbo, CEO of Deep VR, a cinematic VR content studio in Johannesburg. “Just a year ago, we were saying…a lot of mid- to high-end equipment was not going to be a mass-consumer adopted product.” Already, though, he’s seen hundreds of clients request Samsung’s Gear VR along with content commissioned from his studio. “The speed has been amazing,” he says. Brandt says “the demand is going to grow exponentially as 2017 approaches [and] VR really starts to gain traction in the popular imagination” for “consumers, decision-makers, investors, funders, agencies and storytellers.” The practical applications of VR have helped fuel the industry, driven by corporate demand for branded content. “VR has attracted so much PR that it makes sense for brands that are interested in consumer engagement to use the technology to wow people,” says Grech-Cumbo, whose company has developed campaigns for the likes of Marriott International and Ocean Spray. SDK, which has offices in South Africa, San Francisco, Botswana and Cameroon, became a pioneer in VR and augmented-reality technology on the continent by offering VR training courses in mining and other industries. Education, healthcare, tourism, and real estate are all sectors that are helping South African content developers find a niche in the industry. For narrative storytelling, though, funding is more problematic. “The major challenge is probably investment into start-ups,” says Brandt, “as South African VCs are traditionally risk averse, and at this moment literally billions of dollars of VC cash is flowing into VR hardware and content companies in Europe, North America and Asia. Very little is available in Africa for out-of-the-box thinkers.” It’s a challenge that sparked the creation of Electric South, a Cape Town-based non-profit focused on developing the tools to effectively produce and distribute new-media content coming out of Africa. Their first project, “New Dimensions,” is an ambitious narrative VR storytelling concept, featuring a pan-African collective of techies, sci-fi writers, gamers, hackers, artists and Afro-futurists from five African nations. The project is a partnership between South Africa’s Big World Cinema, the Goethe Institute, Toronto-based indie distrib Blue Ice Docs, and SDK, a company founded in South Africa in 2012, that is a pioneer in VR technology on the continent. Ingrid Kopp, a co-founder of Electric South, and a senior consultant for the Tribeca Film Institute, who set up the TFI New Media Fund in 2011, says what’s needed is “localized funding for creative projects in Africa.” “It could be VC money, it could be philanthropy money, it could be angel investors,” she says. Given the many ways that VR in Africa can benefit a range of sectors – whether it’s used as an educational tool or to promote tourism – Kopp says governments can also step up with investments to help the industry blossom. Ultimately, the goal is “to have more diverse pots of funding within Africa, from Africa,” she says. In many ways, the continent’s VR landscape outside of South Africa is uncharted territory. While hubs of activity have emerged in places like Nairobi, Kenya, and Accra, Ghana, even those working in the industry struggle to get a clear sense of what works – and what doesn’t – in different cities. Part of the goal with New Dimensions, says Kopp, is to map the African terrain, with the project trying to “open-source as much as possible” in order to help create a blueprint for other developers. “Everything from how to get cameras in and out of countries to the best cameras that don’t overheat” in African climates is part of a growing conversation about what form the industry will take on the continent, once it emerges. Few countries will be able to keep pace with South Africa’s dynamic growth. Even in Nairobi, whose much-heralded “silicon savannah” has made it the focal point of an African tech boom, there hasn’t been “a comparable momentum” to South Africa, according to Kenyan multimedia artist Jim Chuchu, a collaborator on “New Dimensions.” “The gear isn’t widely available yet, and there isn’t a conversation about making the gear easier to access, even on the basic Google Cardboard level,” he says. Even with accessible gear, slow Internet speeds and high data costs will make it hard for consumer adoption to take off in many countries. For producers, though, a wider industry is taking shape that will eventually “create pipelines of talent and stories” to satisfy global demand for African content, according to Kopp. “If the New York Times wants to make a VR piece in Lagos,” she says, “they shouldn’t have to send someone from New York.” Filed Under: Discop Africa Joburg Film Festival virtual reality Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 1 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Oscars: ‘Voyage of Time’ Faces Challenge in Treating Voters to ‘IMAX Experience’ ‘No Oscar Campaigning,’ Academy Says, While Providing the Opportunity Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Record 27 Films Submitted for Animated Feature Oscar Race Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Rex says: October 31, 2016 at 8:48 am That picture — hmm — it’s like Cinerama, except it’s in a BOX I strap to my head, right? Umm, woohoo? Reply More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Frank Konigsberg Dies: Longtime Agent & TV Producer Was 83 The Late Shoe Legend Vince Camuto Receives Posthumous Honor Chris Meloni to Star in Syfy's Happy! Graphic Novel… Oreo's new, life-changing candy bars just ruined World Diabetes… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
null
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Google Allo, WhatsApp, Messenger, Telegram; which is the best messaging app for you? By Rehan Hooda 13   Comments 5 reasons why LeEco’s TV will beat Samsung in India? 5   Comments Researchers find that surface of Mars is so dry that it is uninhabitable 4   Comments Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation By Nash David 3   Comments Amazon India could kill Netflix with this new Prime Video subscription plan By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments more from #Google Google Play Music brings the power of machine learning to your playlists Donald Trump is proof that a free, uncensored internet isn't always the best internet Chinese hacking team breaks through Google Pixel defences under 60 seconds Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google Pixel: Company wants to make voice-powered Assistant better than rivals Siri and Cortana #Google 3   30 Oct 2016 , 10:34 About six months ago, people working on hardware and the voice-activated Google Assistant for the Pixel phone started sitting next to each other at the company’s Mountain View, California headquarters, hammering out minute details of its first phone. The new seating arrangement illustrated a much larger shift underway at Alphabet Inc’s Google, which crashed Apple Inc’s smartphone revolution eight years ago by giving away its Android software and letting handset makers do the rest. Google software now runs on 85 percent of the world’s smartphones, but as voice control threatens to replace touch as the primary means of using a hand-held device, the company is experimenting with a different approach – more akin to Apple’s tight integration of hardware and software. The Pixel’s hardware and Assistant teams gather for happy hour every Friday and have already received a prototype for the camera on next year’s phone, said Brian Rakowski, vice president of product for Google’s Android operating system. Their ambition: to make the company’s voice-powered digital assistant better than rivals such as Apple’s Siri and Microsoft Corp’s Cortana. “We really wanted the Assistant on the phone to feel like a natural extension of the ways you ask Google for information,” Rakowski said in an interview. LEAF FROM APPLE’S BOOK The fusion of hardware and software is key to that goal. Certain specifications are crucial for a high-performing assistant, such as a well-placed microphone and a powerful processor to crunch reams of data. Creating an app isn’t enough; that requires a few clicks for users to get to it. The hardware and software teams worked closely on details such as the graphics that appear when users call up the assistant, settling on a flurry of colorful dots, which Rakowski called a “whimsical touch to give a little bit of life to the home button.” The Assistant is always at the ready on the Pixel phone and can be summoned by pressing the home button or saying the words “OK Google.” By integrating the Assistant into the Pixel, Google “doesn’t have to do negotiations with another handset maker – they can make it as tight as they want,” said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, which offers a digital assistant by the same name. To make sure users get the best possible experience, the Assistant will live only on Google products such as the Pixel, at least for now. In the long term, however, it is unclear whether Google will keep it that way, or return to its original phone strategy and try to push the product out to the millions of smartphones running on other manufacturers’ Android phones, at the risk of offering a slightly lower-quality experience. Rakowski said making sure the Assistant works well on other phones would require a close level of integration with handset makers, beyond the typical work that happens on the Android operating system. “We want all these features of the Assistant to work well and work quickly and be nicely integrated so it gives the right idea of what the Assistant can do,” he said “We don’t want it to feel limited or bolted on in any way.” He admits it could be challenging to execute the Assistant on some current Android phones. “You can’t do some of the always-on ‘OK Google’ detection on some phones because they don’t include the right hardware to do that,” he said. “In some cases, the microphone is not in a great position.” SAMSUNG GOING IT ALONE? Whatever Google decides, there are already some signs that its Assistant may not be welcome on all Android phones. Samsung Electronics Co, the world’s top selling smartphone maker and the leading Android manufacturer, recently acquired Viv Labs, an artificial intelligence startup founded by the creators of Siri, and plans to weave the assistant into its phones. Having already ceded their operating systems to Google, Android manufacturers may be reluctant to delegate the digital assistant as well, people in the industry said. “If we get to the point where the face of the brand is the assistant itself, that is totally a differentiator,” said Babak Hodjat, co-founder of artificial intelligence company Sentient. “They will be relegated to just pushing hardware.” Google is coy about its plans. “Over time, we want to bring the Assistant to as many people as possible,” Steve Cheng, product management director for the Assistant, said in an interview, without giving details. Analysts expect that eventually Google will try to make money by taking a share of transactions brokered by the Assistant – such as when a user buys flowers from a store the Assistant just located. Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai appeared to hint at that possibility during the company’s earnings call on Thursday. “The Assistant team talked about conversational actions as a way by which we can integrate third parties into the voice experience,” he said. But he did make clear, whether on its own or others’ hardware, the shift from touch to voice-controlled assistants presents a prime opportunity for Google. “As we went from desktops to mobile, it’s not like one replaced the other… It expanded the pie,” he said. “I approach this the same way.” Reuters Tags: Apple, assistant, Cortana, Google, Google Assistant, Google Pixel, Samsung, SIRI Also read Low light photography: One area where the Google Pixel XL leaves the Apple iPhone 7 Plus behind Google acknowledges Pixel lens flare issue; will release patch soon X Recommended For You Google Play Music brings the power of machine learning to your playlists Chinese hacking team breaks through Google Pixel defences under 60 seconds Google celebrates Children’s Day with Doodle 4 Google winner “Enjoy every moment” 11-year-old Pune girl wins ‘Doodle 4 Google’ 2016 contest Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Demonetisation Nov 14, 2016 How to verify the authenticity of the new Rs 500 and Rs 2000 currency notes #Apple Nov 14, 2016 Pregnant woman in Sydney suffers second degree burns because of charging iPhone 7 #ZMP Nov 14, 2016 Japanese self driving car maker ZMP receives approval for going public #Visual Studio Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft has announced that it will be bringing the entire Visual Studio IDE to macOS this month #Microsoft Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft pays hackers $120,000 for compromising the Edge browser SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US Election World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Google Pixel phone series bug alert: Users facing Bluetooth pairing issue; is there a way to fix it? Google has already began reaching out to Pixel phone series owners affected by Bluetooth pairing bug. Rohit KVN   October 30, 2016 10:45 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares [Representational Image] Google Pixel phone series bug alert: Users facing Bluetooth pairing issue; is there a way to fix it? In Picture:Google Pixel phone seriesGoogle Official Blog Earlier in the week, we heard reports of Google Pixel phone series owners facing 'Arc Flare' camera bug. Now, another issue has cropped up in the flagship Android phone. Many users on Pixel Community page, are complaining that they are finding it difficult to connect their Pixel phone to the car entertainment system via Bluetooth and some also claim that, after multiple attempts, they succeed in making the connection to the car, but while playing the music, if they receive a call, the phone hangs up. Why advertise with us? Related Google commercial AR-phone Lenovo Phab 2 Pro to go on sale next week Samsung working on Galaxy C7 Pro; what we know so far on Galaxy C7 successor Moreover, this glitch is said to be mostly affecting General Motor (GM) car owners in US. Also read: Apple iOS 10.1 update erases health app data from iPhones, iPads; is there a way to restore it? Is this hardware or software issue? As per latest reports, the primary reason of unstable Bluetooth pairing is due a bug in software like the camera glitch. It has come to light that even the Pixel's predecessor Nexus series phones running preview OS version of Android 7.1 Nougat too are facing similar issue. Also read: Google Pixel phone bug alert: Company admits Arc Flare lens glitch Is there a way to fix Bluetooth pairing bug? As of now there is no temporary solution to fix the issues, but the good news is that Google is aware of the issue and is reaching out the affected people individually. When will Google release software patch? Unlike other Android phones, Pixel series owners need not have to wait long, as their device is a Google's fully owned brand and rest assured, the company will release the software patch as early as possible. We believe, it would have already set-up a dedicated developer community to work on the issue. Watch this space for more updates. Also read LG X Power: Five key features you should know Samsung tops smartphone leaders' chart in Q3 2016: IDC Quick Links Google Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Update HTC One (M8) with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod [unofficial] CM 14.1 custom ROM 9 hours ago By Rohit KVN AdultFriendFinder hacked: 412M users' account details dumped online 9 hours ago By Sami Khan Editor's Pick Supermoon 2016 India and US: Best places and time to watch Jackie Chan's dreams come true, Police Story actor wins Oscar Why advertise with us? most popular Resort to chekcing your Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus now for Android Nougat OS update Rumour mills are currently abuzz with a lot of things concerning Android Nougat rollout to Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. Apple AirPods set to hit stores next week Apple's much awaited AirPods are expected to be released in Europe later this month. Apple iPhone 8 to come with drastically changed display panel Apple's iPhone 7 series successor, iPhone 8 is expected to come with massive upgrades in terms of design language and display panel. Xiaomi Mi 3W, Mi 4 get Android Nougat update via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM Here's a tutorial on how to install CyanogenMod CM14.1 Android 7.1 Nougat custom ROM on Xiaomi Mi 3W and Mi 4. Does Reliance Jio free voice call get limited to less than 30 minutes? Do let us know, if your Reliance Jio free voice call got disconnected mid-way even though there were no official call drops. Decoding mystery behind Morse Code; headphones and Easter Eggs in Battlefield 1 Important updates for Battlefield 1 gamers. AdultFriendFinder hacked: 412M users' account details dumped online Most of the passwords were stored in plain text. OnePlus 4 now rumoured to feature dual rear cameras upon release New rumours point at a dual primary camera set-up on the next-gen OnePlus 4 smartphone. Photo Gallery In pictures: Supermoon around the world In pictures: Supermoon around the world Gali Janardhan Reddy's daughter Sangeet Ceremony pictures Gali Janardhan Reddy's daughter Sangeet Ceremony pictures. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
null
Breaking News Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office, Obama says Wall Street ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop Over 412 million adult-website credentials hacked: security firm Europeans agree defense plan after campaign swipes by Trump U.S. journalist and PBS anchor Gwen Ifill dies at 61 Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Google says working on policy update to restrict ads on fake news sites SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47 billion takeover offer: source Tue 15 Nov 2016 - 15 Safar 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Salim Al Shueili Home Head stories Local International Analysis Business Sports Features Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Entertainment Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor Books Lifestyle People Spotlight WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive Home → Business → Google Earth images shed light on where solar rooftops make sense Google Earth images shed light on where solar rooftops make sense Saturday 29th, October 2016 / 18:57 Written by Oman Observer in Business During his free time on the job as a Google employee, Carl Elkin began tinkering with the company’s 3D mapping program, wondering if it could identify rooftops that receive enough sunlight to make installing solar panels worthwhile. When months later the US-based engineer showed a handful of colleagues the results of his labour, they had a eureka moment. “The lightbulb kind of went off,” said Joel Conkling, Elkin’s colleague at the California-based company. “It felt like intuitively it had some real potential.” Soon after, a team followed Elkin’s lead and designed Project Sunroof. The project website uses Google Earth’s high-resolution aerial images to calculate any roof’s solar energy potential. For homeowners, figuring out whether installing thousands of dollars worth of solar panels is a sound investment can be confusing. Project Sunroof aims to make the decision easier — and speed up the adoption of solar energy, which today accounts for less than 1 per cent of US electricity generation. Homeowners interested in assessing their property’s solar potential can enter their address on Project Sunroof’s website, and in roughly a second get a calculation of how many hours of usable sunlight their roof receives, Conkling said. Thousands of lines of computer code analyse factors such as the shade trees cast on a roof, its orientation and local weather patterns, he said. Project Sunroof then connects users whose roof is suitable for solar panels with companies that install them. “People can come in and very quickly and very easily get a pretty sophisticated understanding of their solar potential and whether it makes sense for them to go solar,” said Conkling, a product manager for Project Sunroof. The response has been encouraging, he said. Last month, Project Sunroof was among 13 projects from around the world to win a Momentum for Change award, which recognises innovative and potentially transformative ways to tackle climate change and move toward a low-carbon future. “We were impressed by the scalability of the technology with more and more states and homes able to utilize it,” said Nick Nuttall, a spokesman for the Bonn-based UN Climate Change Secretariat, which presents the award. Since launching last year, Project Sunroof has expanded from offering analysis of rooftops in two states to 42 states, from New York to California. Thousands of users have been connected with solar-panel installers, Conkling told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. In many states, homeowners who produce solar energy can sell all or part of it the power grid. Such payments — and other incentives — are often essential to help offset the steep upfront investment, which can run between $17,000 and $24,000 for a typical solar panel system, according to data from research firm GTM Research. Other US companies also map the solar potential of roofs, including Geostellar and Mapdwell. But Conkling said he is confident that Google Earth’s global reach and high definition images can help it cover more ground and provide estimates with an unprecedented degree of accuracy. Nuttall, of the UN climate secretariat, agrees the system potentially could be used in many more places. “There seems no reason why one day it could not go global,” he said. In recent years, Google has invested nearly $2.5 billion in clean energy wind and solar projects, according to the company’s corporate website. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Falsies, why we love them so much! EU, Canada to sign trade pact after key deal → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM condoles with Saudi King Syrian Ambassador bids farewell to Oman HM receives Kerry Read More ... Facebook Twitter 2 hours agoRT @JohnKerry: #Oman is a strong and valued partner. Together we're working to address some of the region’s most challenging issues. https:… 2 hours agoRT @JohnKerry: Sultan Qaboos of Oman has been a great leader, partner on issues incl security & countering violent extremism. Pleased to me… 2 hours agoRT @badralbusaidi: Welcoming Secretary John Kerry today - discussions focused on the hard work devoted on regional issues - Yemen in parti… Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now ggv capital PlushCare nabs $8M Series A to prove telehealth can go mainstream Lively racks up $4 million to become the Warby Parker of lingerie GGV Capital just made a couple of high-profile hires Browse more... Wish Wish is reportedly raising $500 million The hot e-commerce app Wish has “hundreds of millions of users” (plus other fascinating stats) Meet The Apps Vying For The Crunchie For Best Mobile App Of 2015 Browse more... Wish is raising again, and giving late-stage investors protection Posted Oct 28, 2016 by Connie Loizos (@cookie) 0 SHARES Next Story Tesla’s Powerwall 2 packs over twice the energy storage Wish, a San Francisco-based e-commerce mobile app that’s taken off in the U.S. and Europe by selling watches, clothing and other items extremely cheaply, is raising a new round of funding, a new filing shows. (The research company CB Insights spied the filing first.) Neither the size of the round nor the valuation are included, but the filing shows that Series F investors coming into the round are receiving liquidation preferences that will allow them to get paid ahead of earlier investors — which isn’t uncommon in later-stage funding rounds. A survey released in August by the law firm Fenwick & West — one that analyzed the venture financings of 195 Silicon Valley-based companies over the second quarter — showed that senior liquidation preferences were featured in 30 percent of financings. Wish’s CEO, Peter Szulczewski, is notoriously press shy, but he came to a StrictlyVC event hosted in February by this editor and shared numerous details about the business, which previously raised $600 million from investors and was reportedly last valued at $3 billion. (According to the app-analytics firm App Annie, it’s also the second-most popular shopping app in the U.S., and the 39th most popular app overall.) We published our notes after that February interview; in case you missed them, we’re republishing them here, below. On his background: Szulczewski, a computer scientist by training, noted that he’d spent 6.5 years at Google solving “really big matching problems” before cofounding his company, ContextLogic, from which Wish evolved. The idea was to build a next-generation, mobile ad network to compete with Google’s AdSense network, whose tech was “relatively stale” at the time, in 2011. Szulscewski and his cofounder, Danny Zhang, realized they were “pretty bad at business development,” though, so eventually pivoted to Wish. Wish began as an app that asked people to create wish lists, then the company approached merchants, letting them know a certain number of customers wanted, say, a certain type of table. Things took off from there, he said. On the merchants Wish works with and the types of merchandise it sells: “We thought that being more relevant and showing the right recommendations would be critical; what we didn’t predict was the types of products and the types of merchants. “Because shopping on smartphones is relatively new and sort of an impulsive experience, the average order value tends to be relatively low. I don’t think people are comfortable with buying a $5,000 TV on their phone. I think even $300 is high, as most people want to compare prices, read through reviews, etcetera. People were willing to spend $20, $30, $50, but not much more than that [which we learned]. “Another part of our hypothesis that did work was that we’d be so good at relevance that these merchants would ship these things directly from their distribution centers and factories, and we’d cut out all the middle men. But were naïve [about who would do this]. A brand like Nike isn’t going to do that; it would be undercutting all its other retailers and its brand, on which it spends a lot of marketing dollars. “[On the other hand], if you’re an unbranded merchant who’s selling a dress or a wall mount, you just have your manufacturing and shipping costs, and those are the people we work really well with and why we have such good prices. We know who’s interested in fishing, and our merchants can reach them for free. The value proposition for the consumer is really cheap stuff. For merchants, it’s, ‘Hey, I don’t have to do anything. I just upload a CSV file or do it through an API or enter it manually, and I just start seeing sales.’ “The two biggest biggest retailers in the world are Walmart — which sees revenue of half a trillion dollars a year, primarily from U.S. customers — and the Alibaba subsidiary Taobao, which is the biggest platform in China. And both focus on value-conscious consumers. [That’s because] the median household in the U.S. is around $52,000 a year. In Europe, it’s even lower.” On how big the company is, and how much of each transaction it takes: “Last year, [gross merchandise sales] was single-digit billions. It took us just under three years or so to get there. We do charge a take rate of 15 percent. Part of the reason is we do a lot more than, say, Alibaba, which doesn’t charge a take rate. “Take your local merchant in Shenzhen, where the majority of the world’s goods are manufactured, both branded and unbranded. That merchant has no idea how to sell to people in the Netherlands, France, Brazil, the U.S., Australia. He also has no idea how to communicate with those customers, so we take care of all of that. What merchants get in return [is] suddenly, they get an additional audience of more than a billion smartphone users who don’t really cannibalize their existing market.” In explaining how Wish, which ships many things for a $1, is able to do that: “We’re shipping little things – not TVs or motorcyles or bicycles. And it turns out it’s relatively cheap to do that. Even by air, it will cost $1 or $2 unless the item is unusually heavy or large. [Largely we rely on a partnership between the USPS and China called ePacket.]  I think most countries have these kinds of treaties. I’m not sure what percentage of our goods use the program, but it’s really efficient. Everything is shipped by air and it’s surprisingly cost effective.” If that program went away? “From what we’ve heard, the partners involved are very happy with it. If it goes away, it goes away for everyone, so the prices would probably rise for everyone. But we also have interesting back-up solutions even if it does.” On how long it takes customers to receive their goods: “In the U.S., the average time is 13 days or so. Across the world, it’s maybe a little higher. In certain countries like Brazil where logistics aren’t as optimized and there may be much more regulation around imports, it could be as long as 30 days on average, so it really depends on the market.” Answering which are the best-selling products on the platform: “Initially, it was a lot of fashion. Then we got make-up, home décor – cheaper or smaller items. What’s really taking off now is a lot of hobby stuff. Certain parts for cars, for example. Things for people who are into fishing gear, paintball, surfing, photography, drones. So a lot of different sets of users are coming who don’t need a branded good but need something that works, like fishing bait.” In response to a question about about non-discretionary items and whether we’ll see Wish take on Amazon more directly by selling items like paper towels: “The answer is yes and that’s starting to happen. There’s one package of like 20 toothbrushes that costs $3 dollars that we’re selling tens of thousands of every month. Paper towels are too large and too heavy to ship out of China but maybe we have a partnership with someone here who ships it out of their warehouse and we offer it that way. So we are thinking about non-discretionary more and more and it’s starting to creep into our platform.” Addressing reports that Wish has talked with Alibaba and Amazon and they want to buy the company for billions of dollars (which Szulczewski largely dodged): “We realized early on that unless you set out to build a really massive, self-sustainable business, you’re just not going to be able to do it. Basically, really big companies have these people in corp dev, god bless you [laughs], but there’s this asymmetry, which is like: the founders’ time is the most precious commodity that you have. You only have 24 hours a day. But there are corp dev people at these companies who have an infinite amount of time to spend with these founders… We want to build a self-sustainable business. We think that just like Alibaba, just like Walmart, we can get to hundreds of billions [of dollars in market cap]. I think both those companies were built on the same premise of saving time and money for their consumers. We’re doing the same thing on your phone.” On whether JD.com, China’s second biggest e-commerce player, is now an investor in Wish: “I was at Yuri Milner’s house for some kind of dinner party, and I met Richard [Liu], who’s the founder and CEO of JD, and I find their business fascinating; it’s the exact opposite of what we do. [Editor’s note: Unlike Wish and Alibaba, which directly connect buyers and sellers, JD is more like Amazon, buying branded goods from manufacturers, storing the inventory in its own warehouses and, once purchased, delivering the goods quickly – often the same day.] I think JD has the best logistics in the world. They have 80,000 employees delivering these goods. And we’re the exact opposite, so we struck up an relationship and we could probably learn a lot from them, and they could probably learn a lot from us, because we’re not competing because they’re not really doing anything outside of China and we’re not entering China, at all. So we really like them and yes, they invested $50 million in the last round.” On the company’s priorities going forward: “We take a tech-driven approach to curation and it’s slowly evolving to be more pretty and I think we’ll get there. But every time we try curation — the algorithm, in terms of conversion — it just destroys any kind of curation. It’s an order of magnitude difference. So we’re always trying things and maybe there’s a way to algorithmically curate [a prettier] interface. So that’s always been a priority for us. “[Another priority is] customer purchase experience, which is, ‘Hey, maybe for some of the products where we can forecast the sales really accurately, you should be able to get them in less than three days.’ That’s probably possible for half the GMV if we’re running at scale. “We’re also focusing more on customer support, which was, last year, up until November, horrific. Now it’s getting better.” Addressing how much repeat business Wish sees: “If you think of the rise of Taobao, they’re at 50 purchases per user per year. Amazon is at 15, by the way, which I’ve heard from many people and I think is accurate [information]. I think JD is somewhere below Amazon – they don’t give me that kind of data. “We’re at 5 purchases per year and that’s growing relatively quickly. We’re not something you use every week but we certainly want to be. As think as long as we can provide the most bang for the buck for consumers, we’ll get there.” On educating Chinese merchants, who not accustomed to thinking about the lifetime value of customers: “It’s true that consumer expectations in China are very different. Like, if you order a red sweater and you get a blue one, [shoppers are] like, ‘Eh, next time.’ So we have a lot of merchants that have only sold to Chinese consumers and we have to educate them that it’s not okay to ship a blue sweater because you don’t have any red sweaters in stock. [Laughs.] “We also have to educate them on what ‘counterfeit’ means. We have to literally tell them that you can’t just put an Apple logo on something and sell it, that that’s wrong. Some genuinely don’t know that. They’re like, ‘It’s my factory, I can do what I want.’ “I think there are more engineers on the platform team, working with merchants, than there are on the consumer-facing product team [because it’s] more important to educate and work with the merchants to create a win-win situation.” On how the company has managed to see so much traction: “Two years ago, the merchants were like, ‘I’ll try this. I don’t know what the hell it is, but I hear other merchants are making money, so I’ll give it a shot.’ And if you tell them, ‘Hey, if you take this inventory and put it in the U.S. or Germany or Spain, you’ll make more money,’ they’re like, ‘No. You’re the fifth thing on my mind. There’s Amazon, Taobao, my own e-commerce site.’ But after you have two or three years of these merchants getting meaningful revenue and sales and it’s growing month over month, then you get their buy-in. Then it’s, ‘Okay, now you’re the third thing on my mind.’ Then, ‘Now you’re the second.’ ‘Now, you’re the first or second; how can I get more sales?’” Pictured above: Hans Tung, a managing director at GGV Capital and board member at Wish, and Wish cofounder and CEO Peter Szulczewski. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Wish Founded 2011 Overview Wish is the leading mobile commerce platform in North America and Europe. Our mission is to give everyone access to the most affordable, convenient, and effective shopping mall in the world. By leveraging a competitive global supply chain of direct suppliers and avoiding retail costs we are offering anyone with a smartphone access to tens of millions of affordable goods. By making Wish available on … Location San Francisco, CA Categories E-Commerce, Content Discovery, Machine Learning, Computer, Software, Mobile Founders Danny Zhang, Peter Szulczewski Website http://wish.com Full profile for Wish Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes ggv capital Wish Popular Posts Featured Stories Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 3 hours ago | Josh Constine The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 9 hours ago | Brian Heater Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago | John Biggs Latest From TechCrunch A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 46 minutes ago | Daniel Singer Adobe makes big bets on AI and the public cloud 1 hour ago | Frederic Lardinois GoodLands partners with ESRI to launch the Catholic Geographic System 1 hour ago | Sam O'Keefe xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Comment moderation powered by Up Next Tesla’s Powerwall 2 packs over twice the energy storage Posted Oct 28, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Technical Content Writer @ Pantheon at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Staff Software Engineer @ Lending Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 3 hours ago by Josh Constine India’s tech bubble is about to burst 4 hours ago by Contributor Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago by Brian Heater A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 46 minutes ago by Daniel Singer xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden I refuse to review Snapchat Spectacles — but I’m glad to have my hands back Nov 12, 2016 by Matthew Panzarino Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce yesterday by Aaref Hilaly Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago by John Biggs GE Digital snags ServiceMax for $915 million 4 hours ago by Ron Miller Is Netflix Disney’s next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO? 20 hours ago by Peter Csathy
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close England in Bangladesh 2016-17 Bangladesh beat England by 108 runs in second Test to draw series – as it happened Alastair Cook’s team slump from 100-0 on third day in Dhaka Bangladesh make history with first Test win against England Updated England captain Alastair Cook leaves the field after being dismissed by Mehedi Hasan. Photograph: Gareth Copley/Getty Images Dan Lucas (earlier) and Tim de Lisle (now) Sunday 30 October 2016 07.21 EDT Last modified on Sunday 30 October 2016 08.16 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Key events Show 6.52am EDT 06:52 History!! Bangladesh beat England 6.40am EDT 06:40 Wicket!!!!!! Ansari 6.38am EDT 06:38 Hat-trick ball 6.36am EDT 06:36 Wicket!! 6.34am EDT 06:34 Wicket?! 6.27am EDT 06:27 Wicket?! Stokes! 6.32am EDT 06:32 Wicket!!!!!@! Live feed Show 7.56am EDT 07:56 So that is that. Bangladesh’s win was a thumping one, by 108 runs, with two days to spare. History has been resoundingly made, and it’s been an honour to tap out the first draft of it. Thanks for your company, your emails, your tweets and your good humour. English cricket won’t go down without a laugh. Updated at 8.16am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.21am EDT 07:21 Here’s our hot take on a quite astonishing Test. Bangladesh claim historic Test win over England as collapse ensures tied series Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.18am EDT 07:18 Man of the match is Mehedi Hasan, Mr Six For, who trots up with a glorious smile on his face and says “I’m really happy”. He can say that again. And he does. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.13am EDT 07:13 My grandfather, John de Lisle, was a county cricketer who spent several years in Dhaka, working as a jute merchant. It would have surprised him to see Bangladesh become a nation, let alone a Test team, but I like to think he would have been cheering them on today. Test cricket has had a wonderful couple of weeks, and to have a young nation doing so well makes the whole game stronger. Here’s a story on it – a great story. Bangladesh claim historic Test win over England as collapse ensures tied series Read more Updated at 7.18am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.04am EDT 07:04 Man of the series will surely be Mehedi Hasan, the off spinner who took 19 England wickets, one for each of his tender years. He was accurate, tireless, painstaking, a real grown-up. England need to sort out the way they play spin, and the way they deploy it. Alistair Cook had three slow bowlers here, but showed little faith in them, and set fields that just gave away easy singles. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.00am EDT 07:00 So history is made, and history is invoked by Phil, our resident mononym. “To paraphrase Admiral Beatty at Jutland,” he writes, “there seems to be something wrong with our batsmen.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.57am EDT 06:57 The astonishing thing about this victory is not that it happened, but that it came so fast. England were 100-0 at tea, and cruising, with Ben Duckett making an electric first Test fifty. The first ball after tea, Duckett got a daisy-cutter, and then Mehedi stood tall and lured England into one of their all-time great collapses. They lost all ten wickets for 64 in 22.3 overs. Staggering stuff. Updated at 7.07am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.52am EDT 06:52 History!! Bangladesh beat England Finn is plumb lbw and Mehedi, the teenage wonder boy, has given his country their first win over England. He may also have given the rest of the world a laugh – but this win was no fluke, and a drawn series is the right result. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.50am EDT 06:50 45th over: England 163-9 (Woakes 8, Finn 0) target 273 A pattern has already established itself for this partnership: Woakes takes a comfortable single half way through the over, and Finn uses his long reach to see out the rest. If they can just keep it up for a couple of days, England will be fine. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.46am EDT 06:46 44th over: England 162-9 (Woakes 7, Finn 0) target 273 Woakes has been formidable for the past four months, but this is surely beyond him. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.45am EDT 06:45 43rd over: England 161-9 (Woakes 6, Finn 0) target 273 Shakib was poor at the start of this innings, but he has had the last laugh – three of them in one over. And that catch, from Mominul, was phenomenal. “Hey Tim,” writes Shammi Huda. “The last decade has been tough as a supporter of Arsenal fc and Bangladesh cricket...for the giddy highs there are always unspeakable lows, every silver lining has a cloud...but now, welcome to Tiger country! Great series commentary, look forward to Indian series.” Me too, but England may be dreading it. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.40am EDT 06:40 Wicket!!!!!! Ansari Ansar sees off one ball but can’t cope with the next, clipping to leg and falling to a superb catch from Nominal at short leg. That was James Taylor-esque. It’s 161-9 and England still need more than a hundred. History is beckoning to Bangladesh. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.38am EDT 06:38 Hat-trick ball Zafar Ansari, scholar and spinner, has to see off a hat-trick from Shakib, wit six men round the bat. He manages it, propping forward solidly. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.36am EDT 06:36 Wicket!! Rashid, sent in ahead of Ansari after his first-innings heroics, has gone. Straight ball, stone dead, 161-8, and I am running out of exclamation marks. Updated at 6.36am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.34am EDT 06:34 Wicket?! Rashid given lbw first ball, and he looks a goner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.32am EDT 06:32 Wicket!!!!!@! No doubt this time – Stokes b Shakib 25, flummoxed by the flight. England 161-7, sinking fast. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.30am EDT 06:30 42nd over: England 157-6 (Stokes 21, Woakes 6) target 273 We already have a winner: Test cricket, again. The suspense is delicious. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.29am EDT 06:29 Not out!! Stokes survives, saved by the flick of ball on glove, which means he technically hit it. You couldn’t make it up. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.27am EDT 06:27 Wicket?! Stokes! Given lbw, he reviews. Looks outish... Updated at 6.33am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.26am EDT 06:26 Six! Stokes goes down the track to Mehedi, fails to reach the pitch of the ball, and still lofts it over long-off. Immense. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.25am EDT 06:25 41st over: England 150-6 (Stokes 14, Woakes 6) target 273 When the hundred came up, England were right on top. Now they are in a tight corner and a desperate scrap. Can Stokes, the dominant personality of the series so far, dig them out? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.23am EDT 06:23 Dropped! Stokes reprieved by Shakib off his own bowling – a tricky one, falling in front of him, but catchable. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.22am EDT 06:22 40th over: England 149-6 (Stokes 13, Woakes 6) target 273 Stokes tries to live up to that last point with a slog-sweep off Mehedi, but it’s well stopped at square leg. With the lights on, Bangladesh need to keep up this momentum. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.18am EDT 06:18 39th over: England 147-6 (Stokes 12, Woakes 5) target 273 Both batsmen are staying positive. Stokes will not go gently. An email from Phil, who seems to have just the one name, like Beyonce. “With this first five batting order, England will get slaughtered by India. Changes need to be made, starting with Ballance and Moeen.” Ballance, for sure, but that seems a little hard on Mo, who made a crucial 60 at Chittagong. A 60 in this series is worth a hundred in most places. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.13am EDT 06:13 38th over: England 143-6 (Stokes 10, Woakes 3) target 273 Woakes begins with a cool cover drive for three. But if one more thing goes wrong, England are surely sunk. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.10am EDT 06:10 Wicket!!!! Bairstow! Bat, pad, pop, snaffle. Mehedi has yet another five-for, England are 139-6, and Bangladesh are now hot favourites. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.07am EDT 06:07 An email from Jake Dodds. “A message from my Dad that I’m happy to share as it demonstrates both cleanliness and humour: ‘Just had quick shower, lost 2 wkts, if you count Ballance as a wicket.’” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.05am EDT 06:05 37th over: England 137-5 (Stokes 9, Bairstow 2) target 273 Stokes survives an lbw appeal from Shakib, not that it bothers him – he then goes for a reverse sweep and misses, but gets away with it. And that’s drinks. Seldom has an hour belonged so utterly to one side: five wickets, 37 runs, mostly mayhem. But can Bangladesh finish England off, as they narrowly failed to do in Chittagong? The heart says yes, the head says probably. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.00am EDT 06:00 36th over: England 136-5 (Stokes 9, Bairstow 1) target 273 Mehedi drops short and Stokes pounces with a stylish pull for four. He is happy to take up the gauntlet thrown down by Duckett. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.57am EDT 05:57 35th over: England 129-5 (Stokes 3, Bairstow 0) target 273 Stokes chops out a two, then keeps out the rest and nicks the strike with a handsome back-foot push to the cover sweeper. England have the personality to rescue this – Stokes, Bairstow, Woakes, Rashid. The question is whether they have the skill. “So,” asks John Starbuck, “is the sixth-wicket partnership going to rescue England again?” Updated at 6.20am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.53am EDT 05:53 34th over: England 127-5 (Stokes 1, Bairstow 0) target 273 Mehedi now has four wickets in this spell and ten in the match. The one that got Cook didn’t seem to do much, but Rob Key spots that it was a slower ball – an even-slower ball. Teenage kicks are not what they were. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.50am EDT 05:50 Wicket! COOK! No doubt this time, as Cook pokes straight to silly point and perishes to a juggling catch. That’s 127-5 and Bangladesh appear to be racing to their first Test victory over England. But Stokes and Bairstow, so effective together, may have other ideas. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.47am EDT 05:47 33rd over: England 126-4 (Cook 59, Stokes 0) target 273 After surviving Shuvagata’s fifth ball, Cook plays and misses at the sixth. When Duckett was there, England were making a molehill out of a mountain. Now they’re making a minefield. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.45am EDT 05:45 Not out! Cook survives by a whisker, again. Fabulous drama. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.44am EDT 05:44 Review! For lbw against Cook, who could be in trouble. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.44am EDT 05:44 32nd over: England 124-4 (Cook 57, Stokes 0) target 273 So it’s a double-wicket maiden from Mehedi, who is having a spectacular debut series - 16 wickets at 17, and he is only 19. But Cook is still there and England have a near-reversible batting order... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.41am EDT 05:41 Wicket!!! England 124-4 Moeen has to go – it was clipping leg. Well bowled Mehedi, and that’s four wickets for 24 since tea. Another classic England collapse. Moeen Ali of England leaves the field after being dismissed by Mehedi Hasan. Photograph: Gareth Copley/Getty Images Updated at 6.11am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.39am EDT 05:39 Wicket?! Mooen! Given lbw Mehedi. He reviews. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.37am EDT 05:37 Wicket! England 124-3 Gary Ballance’s nightmare continues as he somehow turns a long hop into a leading edge and hands a simple catch to the man at mid-off. Game absolutely on. Ballance’s Test career, not so much. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.35am EDT 05:35 31st over: England 124-2 (Cook 57, Ballance 5) target 273 Cook trundles on. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.34am EDT 05:34 30th over: England 118-2 (Cook 50, Ballance 5) target 273 So calm has broken out. But Bangladesh are still in with a very good chance. “In answer to Ian Copestake and England supporters everywhere,” tweets Guy Hornsby, “WHAT HAVE I DONE?” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.30am EDT 05:30 Fifty! For Cook Cook plays a studious tuck into the leg side for two, and that’s his 52nd Test fifty – but his first of this series. Cometh the hour, cometh the Chef. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.28am EDT 05:28 28th over: England 113-2 (Cook 47, Ballance 4) target 273 England break the chains, very gently, with three singles, all swept. An unexpected request from Bill Walters. “Can the OBO page link to the match commentary tomorrow not include the match result please?” Ha. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.26am EDT 05:26 27th over: England 110-2 (Cook 45, Ballance 3) target 273 Another maiden, from Mehedi to Balance. England are in danger of going into their shell. An email from Michael Hunt. “Ignoring briefly that my phone wants to autocorrect ‘Duckett’ to ‘Sucker’,” he notes, “one thing very much in his favour has to be that ‘Duckett Wicket’ is sonically much more pleasing than the alternatives, no?” Yes, and so is Duckett whack it. He’s a cricketer who could have been dreamt up by Roald Dahl. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.23am EDT 05:23 27th over: England 110-2 (Cook 45, Ballance 3) target 273 If Cook knows one thing after 135 Tests, it’s how to calm things down. He plays out a maiden over from Shakib which would have gone for 20 if Duckett had still been with us. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.19am EDT 05:19 26th over: England 110-2 (Cook 45, Ballance 3) target 273 High drama in Dhaka: that may have been the moment this Test turned on. “Fine margins,” mutter the commentators, and although it’s a cliche, it’s never been truer. The one that got Root was only brushing leg stump; the one that didn’t get Cook was only just missing it. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.16am EDT 05:16 Not out!! It’s umpire Dharmasena, and he took a long time to raise the finger ... and Cook survives – it was missing leg. Great review. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.14am EDT 05:14 Wicket?! Cook!!! Given lbw, sweeping at Mehedi. He reviews. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.12am EDT 05:12 25th over: England 108-2 (Cook 44, Ballance 2) target 273 In comes Gary Ballance, who’s been hopeless so far – though, to be fair, he is just as busy as Root, looking for singles, and he has already outlasted him. “I can almost see,” says Ian Copestake, “how Guy Hornsby is feeling right now.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.09am EDT 05:09 Wicket! Root! Pinned lbw by Taijul’s arm ball. Root could have reviewed but didn’t, perhaps cowed by England’s abysmal reviewing earlier. He’s out for 1 and it’s game on. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.07am EDT 05:07 24th over: England 105-1 (Cook 43, Root 1) target 273 Duckett is gone, but his spirit remains. Joe Root is instantly busy, shovelling into the gap at wide mid-on for a single, and Cook gets four more with yet another sweep. He’ll be reverse-sweeping before long. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.03am EDT 05:03 Wicket! Duckett! First ball after tea, Duckett gets a grubber from Mehedi and he’s bowled. England 100-1. Still a fine innings and a great start to the run chase. Ben Duckett and that sinking feeling. Photograph: A.M. Ahad/AP Updated at 5.35am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 4 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics England in Bangladesh 2016-17 Bangladesh Cricket Team Cricket England cricket team Over by over reports Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › England in Bangladesh 2016-17 Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Get updates    Surveillance Valley About Author Contact Blog German magazine "konkret" interviews me about about Tor, spies and the cult of crypto Silicon Valley gives us the finger Notes on BBG’s funding of the Tor Project — 2007 through 2014 Internet Privacy, Funded By Spies New Year's Update: Internet Freedom and PublicAffairs Tor Project: The super secure anonymity network built on deception, false promises and heaps of libertarian bullshit Tor Project Runs Away From Public Questions at 32c3 Tor military contractors try to shut down my reporting Jacob Appelbaum: Wikileaks insider, military contractor, Tor developer Pentagon's 1969 Quadruped Hotrod What Snowden won't tell you: The conflicted government ties of the Tor Project End of summer update: 100-year-old computers and surveillance Why is the CIA protecting Google? Inside Google's ugly war against the homeless in LA Read Spanish? Then check out this interview with me on Surveillance Valley Quick update... BLASTOFF! Surveillance Valley is a success! Yasha Levine on RT to talk about US spies funding Internet privacy activists Surveillance Valley on Naked Capitalism! RJ Eskow's "The Zero Hour" supports Surveillance Valley Video: Google Robot-Cheetah on the prowl in Surveillance Valley Surveillance Valley success...and a new fundraising goal: help fund a chapter on Russia! Notes on State Department's funding of the Tor Project Paul Carr: "You have less than two hours to send Yasha Levine back to Russia, where he belongs" Sergey Brin denies Google knows who you are Ultimate Privacy for Silicon Valley Billionaires Yasha Levine talks about Surveillance Valley on PandoLIVE Secret Surveillance — Yasha Levine talks to RJ Eskow on The Zero Hour I write about about Internet privacy that's funded by spies Notes on Pentagon funding of the Tor Project German magazine "konkret" interviews me about about Tor, spies and the cult of crypto Oct 28, 2016 German leftwing magazine konkret published an interview with me on the the dark origins of the Tor Project, Jacob Applebaum and the normalization of sexual abuse inside the privacy community, the rightwing origins of the cult of crypto, the corruption of Internet activism, and lots of other topics. I have to give it to Johannes Simon, the journalist who conducted the interview, for having the guts to look honestly and openly into the spooky heart of the privacy world. People have been smeared and received death threats for less. But Johannes gets it and understands why its so important to get to the bottom of today's misplaced obsession with Tor and crypto as the fix all solution to privacy, surveillance and the massive power of Silicon Valley corporations. As he wrote me, "There is deep ambiguity at the heart of Tor that's not easy to grasp: the mix of the rhetoric of freedom and civil liberties on the one hand and reactionary libertarian politics on the other; the contradictions of US-foreign policy that clothes itself in rhetoric of an open, liberal globalization — it's complicated, and I think it speaks to the greater political confusion of our times, not just of Tor." I couldn't agree more. Here's a link to the PDF version for all you German types. I'm pasting the transcript of the original English version below. Thanks, Johannes. —YL Johannes Simon, konkret: How did you first become interested in Tor? Yasha Levine: Tor became a prominent feature of political discourse around the world in 2013 when Edward Snowden popped up on the scene. He was a huge fan of the Tor project, he had a sticker of it on his laptop when he first emerged, and over the coming months he explained how Tor was central to what he did. He said Tor is not only about protecting leakers and whistleblowers, it is the best weapon that we have as people to protect ourselves against online surveillance. There was something weird about this to me. I knew about some of the pit-falls and problems of Tor: I knew that if you signed into Google using Tor, it didn't really matter because Google still had all the information about your personal account. The same with Facebook. So Tor didn’t really solve the corporate side of surveillance. But how about the government side of surveillance: does it work there? I looked at the financial documents that they disclosed, which I think only offer a big part of where they get their money, but not all of it - and what I discovered is that 90-100% of the funds that they received came from three different wings of the US national security state: the Pentagon, the State Department, and an organization called the Broadcasting Board of Governors, which is an old CIA-created organization that goes back to the cold war. So I asked myself: why is the government funding this stuff? How come the people who work for the Tor Project, and draw six-figure salaries from it, run around claiming that they are these radicals against government when they actually draw their salaries from the government and - essentially - the CIA? Their employer, Tor, actually has a federal defense contractor number, it's a military contractor. Why did US national security agencies develop this tool and give it to the public? Tor was developed by the US Navy as a way of getting around the problem of internet communication, which can be intercepted very easily. That posed a problem for spies and Tor was the solution. It could hide where you're coming from and where you are going by bouncing it around several nodes. But if only US agents are using this system, then it’s quite obvious that everyone that is using the system is an agent. So in order to truly anonymize your traffic you have to open up the system and get as many people as possible to use it: not just spies but soccer moms, drug dealers, terrorists, paranoid kids, anybody. The bigger the crowd you have, the better you can hide the spies that are using it. So that’s why Tor was spun off from the Navy and became an actual non-profit organization. That was the original purpose. But a few years down the road another use for it emerged that was interesting for the federal government, and that was its anti-censorship function. That’s when Tor started getting funding from the Broadcasting Board of Governors, which is an umbrella federal agency that oversees all of America’s foreign propaganda operations. Tor became a foreign policy weapon, a soft power weapon. How does that work? The US government runs these kind of propaganda properties, has run them ever since the Cold War, like Radio Free Europe, Radio Liberty, Radio Free Asia. In the 2000s the US government began to use the internet for these efforts. After the collapse of the Soviet Union a big focus was on China, so Radio Free Asia was brought back from the dead and began to use the internet. But China simply blocked the IP addresses of their websites. It was a pretty simple fix. So the US government decided they needed to come up with technologies that would help the Chinese people to get around this censorship. And the Tor Project offered the best solution. For the US-government it was like a crow-bar that helped pry open the national firewall that prevented American propaganda from coming into China. I guess there is a positive side effect to this, if Chinese dissidents are able to communicate freely and have access to information? Yes, except that I don't think Tor works in China. By using Tor, you are self-selecting yourself for further scrutiny. And if you are in a truly oppressive regime like China, where anything could happen to you if there was just a slight suspicion that you were a dissident or might be in contact with someone from America, then Tor is the last thing you want to use. And if you read the internal justifications from the State Department for funding Tor, the anti-censorship function is just a minor point; it’s just the publicly stated purpose. The real purpose of it is what they call a "cost imposing strategy": essentially a kind of digital arms race. But aren't Tor and Encryption at least one possibility of protecting yourself against surveillance? That wish is quite understandable, don't you think? And if Tor doesn't really provide that protection, what would you propose people do instead? It all depends on who you are trying to protect yourself from. The biggest forces of surveillance in the world are not governments, but private corporations: Google, Facebook, Twitter, Yahoo, Amazon, eBay, Apple — companies whose core business runs on the surveillance and profiling of every person that comes into contact with their platforms. Everything that you communicate on the Internet gets sucked up and filed away — not by the NSA, but by Google and Facebook. Tor does nothing to protect people from that. Tor does not prevent Google from scanning your emails or recording your search history. Tor does not prevent Google from tracking your location via your Android phone, creating and saving a detailed day by day map of where you go and what you do. Tor works to an extent. If you an individual trying to hide from the NSA or the FBI or the FSB, Tor might give you some measure of protection — if you are very technically savvy — but it is a limited sort of protection. It does not protect users against corporate surveillance. But it does provide a false sense of privacy. That is why Silicon Valley companies like Google and Facebook support Tor: it sells a version of privacy — privacy from the government — that does not threaten their own surveillance business models. Tor supporters would answer to that criticism that it doesn’t really matter what the intentions of the US-government were, or where the money comes from, because Tor is a neutral technology, and it doesn’t matter by whom its used or who developed it. What would you say to that? Does it even work against state surveillance? I think it can work if it’s used in a certain way. But when Tor people say this, they try to obfuscate Tor’s real purpose for which it was created. The government isn’t just giving money like a charity to let them do anything they want. You have to look at what they want from Tor. One theory is that it’s what you would call a honeypot, do you think this explains the funding? I’m not sure if that explains the funding, but it probably explains why it hasn’t been shut down, despite all the crime that goes on there. Some of the NSA documents released by Glenn Greenwald and Snowden show very clearly that there is a discussion among NSA analysts, who say: Tor is a problem on some level because we can’t de-anonymize every single person that connects to Tor right away – but we can eventually unmask the user and get to their identity through these different programs that we have. It’s a convenient honeypot as you said, which brings everyone that you might want to surveille to one location, and all you have to do is crack one sub-piece of software, not a hundred. That’s a big part of why the NSA kind of likes Tor. We don’t know what the FBI, or the NSA knows. But we do know: the child pornography, the drug markets, that use Tor: sooner or later, they get caught. There is a study from the Naval Research Laboratory that says 80% of Tor users can be de-anonymized within 6 months. Yes. One of the authors is Paul Syverson, right? Yes. That’s the original creator of the onion router, the technology on which Tor is based. He is still at the Naval laboratory, where Tor was born. He was the guy who hired Roger Dingledine, one of the founders of Tor, as a contractor to help him develop the last generation of Tor that was then released to the public. He is an interesting guy with an honest perspective on this, because he is no crypto-anarchist, but just a mathematician who works for the military. So he doesn’t have this weird schizophrenic identity, like the Tor people, who can’t admit what they are, which is exactly what he is – but even worse, because they are also paid to sell it as a radical thing that is in opposition to the military. Like Jacob Applebaum. He worked for Wikileaks but he’s also been working for Tor for a very long time. So while he’s been working publicly for Wikileaks he has been drawing a salary indirectly from the US government. Well, directly. Jacob Applebaum is a federal contractor. Like Edward Snowden, who wasn’t employed by the NSA directly, but by the contractor Booze Allen Hamilton. It makes no difference in the end. But at the same time the Tor people seem to be so sincere in how they see themselves, as rebels against the evil empire, and they were able to convince a lot of people. Why do you think this makes so much sense to people, that they believe that encryption is always progressive and subversive? To really answer that question, you have to go back a while. This is not a new idea, the utopian thinking around technology, linking technology to progressive politics, or rather: replacing progressive politics with technology. The modern variant of this thinking in the 50s and 60s came out of the Cold War computer science apparatus that was born during WWII but really exploded in America after the war. A very utopian communal libertarian view of the world, where everyone was equally empowered to do things, there would be no discrepancies in power, no one could suppress us or exploit us or dominate us. And I think Tor appeals to people because it seems to be one of those things: a powerful tool, a people's tool, that could equalize power on the internet, give us the same power that the NSA has, meet their power and neutralize it. I read a little about the origins of Cypherpunk ideology in the 80s and 90s, and what struck me was how they talked about encryption technology the same way that right-wing libertarians talk about guns: as an instrument that could defend them against government tyranny, and everyone could have it, and once everyone had it, they would all be safe from tyranny. Absolutely. The ideas that surround Tor are the same ideas that float around NRA speeches: guns are liberty. If everyone has a gun, there will be no bad guys, there will be no crime, no government tyranny, because everyone will be equally powerful. It’s a libertarian utopia, it’s about equalizing power, but it ignores the deeper social, and economic, and political issues of power in society. What really appeals to the cyber libertarians and the cypherpunks is that by using Tor you can create a government-free zone, a zone of pure liberty. Silk Road was kind of a utopia for these people. It’s almost like an online version of these sea-steading islands, the libertarian dream of creating artificial islands without government or laws, that’s proposed by some people in Silicon Valley. Totally. And the ultimate goal of these sea-steading islands is to escape labor laws, so you can pay people whatever you want. You could have slave ships of programmers right off the coast of San Francisco. You could ship people in really cheap from India or China and have them just sit there in a ship and code all day. And they have no rights. It’s totally insane. But not everyone, who is into encryption, shares these political views, right? Most Tor supporters would describe themselves as progressive, with strong interests in civil liberties? You're right. Many Tor supporters consider themselves progressive or even leftwing. Anarchists use it, activists use it. I had one Marxist Tor supporter claim that Tor is a perfect’s people’s weapon. But just because some Tor supporters are progressive, does not make Tor the tool progressive. Just because some people believed that Camel cigarettes were healthier than other brands — a belief backed up by the testimony of real doctors — did not make actually Camels any less deadly in reality. It was a big cynical marketing ploy. And that’s a big part of the problem with Tor: the bait and switch. In many circles, Tor has a progressive imagine and is associated with progressive causes — civil liberties, free speech, political activism, human rights. But as my reporting showed, U.S. government agencies that created Tor and continue to fund it and other “grassroots” encryption tools do so for very unprogressive causes: surveillance, intelligence gathering, regime change — the soft side of "humanitarian interventions" and American imperialism. The progressive image that Tor has among a lot of well-meaning people makes it that much more useful as a covert intelligence tool for the U.S. National Security State. It gives it cover. On a bigger level, the rightwing origins of encryption as a political ideology are well documented by academics. It’s a fascinating topic. If your readers are interested in learning about it more, I'd recommend a great new book by Virginia Commonwealth University professor David Golumbia that deals with this very issue. It’s called “The Politics of Bitcoin: Software as Right-Wing Extremism.” Would you say encryption is a substitute for political struggle against surveillance and state power? Yes, I think this is why Tor has so much support from Silicon Valley and companies like Facebook, Google, even eBay. It’s a really useful PR tool that helps deflect peoples’ worries about privacy on the internet from the true problem, which is Silicon Valley, and redirects the conversation from corporate surveillance to government surveillance. Government surveillance is a problem, and it’s important that people talk about it, but it needs to be a broader conversation. You have to start at the corporate level and work up I think. The assumption seems to be that corporations are more benevolent than governments, that they are more trustworthy, it’s not as dangerous when they have the same kind of power. Yes, but the government and the tech companies are two sides of the same machine. Google is the apparatus through which the NSA collects their data. If there was no Google, if there was no Facebook, the job of the NSA would be much harder. The internet and all the private companies that we connect with are the tentacles of the NSA and other intel agencies. They are the collection points — the “mics.” And there is another hypocrisy, too, because on the one hand companies like Google will slam the NSA as the enemy, but as soon as Google became a company, it started selling its search technology to the NSA and CIA. Almost every branch of the US military works with Google in some capacity. Facebook is working with DARPA. This duality between the government and Silicon Valley is a false duality. Silicon Valley has been very successful at projecting this image. But I don't think it’s going to last very long. It’s beginning to crumble. One of the most interesting stories that Snowden released was the PRISM story. PRISM is the NSA program that essentially taps the data centers of major Silicon Valley companies. There is an actual box sitting in the data centers of these companies that is controlled by the FBI, which gives access to the NSA and the CIA. This hasn’t been refuted. Google of course denied it, as well as Facebook and everyone else. But the fact that something like this exists is not surprising. For instance: This is not exactly related, but there is a federal law that requires telecommunication companies to provide a tap for the FBI. 1993 or 1994, it was passed with support of the Electronic Frontier Foundation. The EFF? The new head of Tor Sheri Steele used to be head of the EFF for a while. They advocate for civil liberties online and help whistle blowers, right? Yeah, but they supported that law. They later said it was a mistake, but back then they supported it. The EFF started out as a telecommunications lobby essentially, for small internet providers back in the 90s. It moved from that to a Silicon Valley lobbyist, that has a kind of grassroots feel to it, but it’s in effect a corporate lobbyist. They are funded by Google, by Facebook. The EFF is one of the biggest promoters of Tor. It gave Tor a home when Tor was spun off from the navy in 2004. EFF also provided a little bit of money to keep it going, while Roger Dingledine, the co-founder of Tor, was trying to hustle and draw up some cash for this new organization. So the EFF plays a central role in legitimizing Tor as it was rebranding from a Navy project to a kind of anti-government non-profit. I thought when Sheri Steele took over it was a kind of PR-move to deflect criticism like yours, because she seemed to be more legitimate about civil liberties and all that. She also promised that they would try to move away from government funding. Do you think there is anything to that? Well, that’s what they say. I think, and sources tell me, that she was brought in essentially to deal with Jacob Applebaum. Because they needed someone from the outside who had people's respect, who had experience in managing an organization. She is more professional than the people who used to run Tor, who are kind of a joke and have tolerated Applebaum’s behavior. You think they knowingly tolerated it? Look, there is no one in the world who the people from Tor hate more than me. I am like the devil to them. Nobody from that world talks to me, and anyone who does talk to me is a pariah immediately if anyone finds out. And still, I knew about these problems with Applebaum, that there were issues with sexual abuse and harassment and worse. I am the last guy to find out about anything that happens inside Tor. And I knew — maybe a year before it came out publicly. I was asked not to say anything because the victims were scared for their safety. I was told on the condition that I could not go public with this. Of course I respected their wishes. So what was going on? Why didn’t anyone do anything until this year? I don’t know. I think it got to the point that it was tearing Tor apart from the inside. But Applebaum was protected, because he was so important to Tor’s image. No one else was as good as projecting Tor’s radical qualities, and its anti-government credibility as Applebaum. He is the face of Tor, and he was a very effective sales-man. So he was useful to the organization. And if you let him go, especially in such a scandalous way as this, it would be a problem for Tor’s reputation. It’s amazing how successful he was in selling this image of Tor. Not only doesn’t it really do what it promises to do, but it does a lot of other things that they won't even admit to. What is Tor really useful for? For media piracy, for child pornography, for drugs, intelligence, and deflecting from corporate surveillance. And for hackers to feel like they are really sticking it to the government. Yeah, and it's weird, Germany is an interesting place in that regard. Germany is really to blame for some of this in some way. It’s really susceptible to this culture. I don’t know why. I don’t know why either. When I found out that the Chaos Computer Club in Hamburg is kind of the center of this global hacker-encryption culture, I was surprised. There is a strong undercurrent of right-wing movements in Germany, right? I’m not an expert on this, but there are some people I have talked to from Germany that have pointed in that direction. At its core, the crypto culture is very right-wing. In America at least its tied to nationalism, to white power movements, to libertarianism: it is born out of a very conservative, right-wing view of the world, that sees the government and any of its attempts to meddle in the lives of the people as an evil force. And Silicon Valley is a pretty right-wing place. They have more liberal values towards gay marriage and things like that, but actually it is a very male-oriented, very white place; and very opposed to any kind of social programs that are run by the state, or any state attempts to regulate private property or enterprise. And these things overlap. The culture is very regressive, and maybe some of that exists in Germany, I don't know. The fact that Applebaum’s behavior was tolerated for so long seems to point in that direction. I am very critical of the way that — not just Tor project — but the rest of the privacy community has dealt with what’s happened. The people who were responsible for promoting him and building him up as a celebrity... we are talking about the EFF, Wired-magazine, the Intercept [where Glenn Greenwald publishes the Snowden documents], Laura Poitras, who featured him in her films: all these people in that world, they played a big part in building up his mystique and celebrity status. Nothing but fawning portraits. And meanwhile the allegations were building up and were somewhat known, somewhat public, because it’s a very small world. And even if they didn’t know about his history of abusing women, they haven’t expressed any kind of contrition for their role in building up this guy to a position where he could abuse women with impunity. Instead they swept the whole thing under the rug, because it makes everyone look so bad. They haven’t taken any responsibility. There is no accountability in that world. It’s pretty damning how this community deals with problems and scandals. They hush everything up to keep everything going, to keep their world pure and noble. They’ve thrown the victims under the bus, and really empowered him as an abuser. Read more: news < Back
null
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Android 7.0 Nougat Update For Galaxy Note 5 And Galaxy S7: Here Are The Latest Rumors 29 October 2016, 10:52 am EDT By Horia Ungureanu Tech Times Android Marshmallow - Fascinating FactsNow Playing Samsung - Fascinating Facts About The Korean Electronics GiantNow Playing Samsung will roll out the Android 7.0 Nougat update to more of its smartphones, with the Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S7 commencing the update. Some handsets could see the OS on their mobile devices by the year's end.  ( Gabriel Grams | Getty Images ) Advertisement Google has been rolling out Android 7.0 Nougat steadily across devices, and now fans of the operating system are wondering when the OS will land on the Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 family. Insiders familiar with the matter point out that the firmware will reach eligible handsets much quicker than it happened during the switch to Android Marshmallow, and we may see the aforementioned devices get it as early as December 2016. A number of reports note that Samsung will push Android 7.0 Nougat into the S7, S6 and Note 5 during the fourth quarter of this year, meaning that owners of the devices could see an update notification between now and December. Android 7.0 Nougat Update Schedule Google might first release the beta variant of the firmware to a number of flagships, followed by a full release on a larger scale. At the time of writing, no official word is out about a final version update roadmap. However, it seems that users have spotted the Samsung Galaxy S7 operating Android 7.0 Nougat on GFXBench. Should the rumors hold water, it means that Google is pooling resources to get the OS update into as many phones as possible. Additional reports hint that the sweet Google firmware is undergoing testing in Poland, on both the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. In other news, XDA Developers observed that Android 7.0 Nougat could ramp up the capabilities of the Galaxy Note 5's stylus. Other reports suggest that Samsung is looking into overhauling the TouchWiz UI, which Samsung could improve by bringing Grace UX to the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge. As a reminder, Grace UX was part of the explosive Galaxy Note 7. People familiar with the update process claim that Samsung might roll out the firmware first to the Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S7 then to more devices. Which Samsung Galaxy Smartphones Will Receive Android Nougat Update? Here is the full list of handsets that should carry the multi-feature, well-commended OS from Google: Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S6 Ironman edition, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge, Galaxy S6 Active and Galaxy S6 edge+. Additionally, the S7 family will tap into Nougat's potential, as Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge, Galaxy S7 Batman edition, Galaxy S7 Active and Galaxy S7 Olympic edition will get the Android 7.0 update. Keep in mind that the following families might not get the latest Google OS: Galaxy On, Galaxy C series, Galaxy J and Galaxy A. So far, the rumors about the Nougat update have not been confirmed, so we advise all Android fans to take them with a grain of salt. TAG Android 7.0 Nougat, Samsung, Galaxy S7, Galaxy Note 5 © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Android 7.0 Nougat: Top 10 Features You'll Love Samsung Galaxy S7 Android 7.0 Nougat Update Imminent? S7 Running Nougat Spotted On GFXBench Android 7.0 Nougat: Here's A List Of Phones That Will Receive The Android 7.0 OS Update Samsung Galaxy Note 7 vs Galaxy Note 5 Specs Shootout: Is It Worth The Upgrade? Samsung Phones Confirmed For Android 7.0 Nougat Update: Which S Series, Note Models And Edge Variants Will Upgrade From Android 6.0 Marshmallow? From Our Sponsor Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones: Buying Tips If you're out in the market looking to buy wireless headphones, especially active noise cancelling wireless headphones, here's a list of things you should consider. SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 2 Space How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech BlackBerry Keyboard Phone Promised To Come: Can It Rise Among The Upcoming Generation Of Bezel-Free Smartphones? Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 7 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 8 Earth/Environment Good News For Earth? New Study Reveals Flat Carbon Emission Levels In 3 Years 9 Gadgets Snapchat Spectacles, Nintendo NES Classic Edition Are The Hottest Tech Products This Month, But You Can't Buy Them Yet 10 Apps/Software Samsung Offers Developers $10,000 Per App Via Tizen Mobile App Incentive Program EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
null
null
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 29 GOOG: 795.37 0.02 How to bring fingerprint sensor quick actions from Pixel and Huawei to your device Justin Duino - 2 weeks ago @jaduino Apps & Updates Android fingerprint View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit A feature that we have seen on the Honor 8 and now the Google Pixel is the ability to swipe down on the fingerprint sensor to bring down the notification shade. While Google has confirmed that the gesture would not make its way to Nexus devices, a developer has made an application that will bring the feature to any phone running Android 6.0 or above with a fingerprint sensor. The developer shared his application on XDA and his story about how he wanted to make his device sleep by simply tapping on his fingerprint sensor. The issue is that the Pixel and Honor phones require hardware support so the developer found a way to use the accessibility settings to detect tapping and swiping motions on the sensor to enable certain actions, such as the notification panel. Currently, you can set up quick actions for a single tap and a fast swipe on the fingerprint sensor. Some of the functionality is still quite buggy, though, and might not respond every time to you tap or swipe on the sensor. Additionally, you will need root on your phone if you want the ability to turn off your display using a quick action. Watch the video below for a quick demonstration of the application. You can download the APK file here and sideload the app on your device to give it a try. As the Fingerprint Quick Action application is not on the Google Play Store, you will need to occasionally revisit the XDA forum to download updates. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide fingerprint View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Business Headlines Print YouTube prospers for Google By The Associated Press | Saturday, Oct. 29, 2016, 4:27 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. SAN FRANCISCO — YouTube has emerged as a break-out star in Google's cast of services as the online video site upstages cable television for a younger generation of viewers looking for amusement, news and music on their smartphones. The trend is contributing to an advertising shift away from traditional network television programming to the more eclectic and diversified mix of clips ranging from cute cat videos to sobering shots of street violence found on YouTube. As more advertising dollars flow to YouTube, it's making the already hugely profitable Google even more prosperous. In a third-quarter report released Thursday, Google's corporate parent, Alphabet Inc., said it earned $5.1 billion, or $7.25 per share, a 27 percent increase from the same time last year. After subtracting advertising commissions, revenue climbed 21 percent to $18.3 billion. Both figures topped analyst projections. All that money is providing Google with more financial firepower to buy the rights to stream cable networks' shows on YouTube, too, something likely to reel in even more viewers. It also is helping to finance Alphabet's investments in far-flung projects ranging from self-driving cars to Internet-beaming balloons. That segment, known as “Other Bets,” lost $865 million during the July-September period, narrowing from a $980 million setback last year as Alphabet imposed more expense controls. Smart deal YouTube has proven to be one of the best bets that Google has ever made since it bought the video site for $1.76 billion a decade ago. At that juncture, YouTube consisted mostly of crudely made videos shot by amateurs and clips pirated from movie and TV studios that were threatening to sue the site into oblivion. It had built a worldwide audience of about 72 million viewers when Google took control in November 2006. Since then, YouTube has evolved into a far more polished channel that has spawned unlikely stars such as “PewDiePie” (Swedish comedian Felix Arvid Ulf Kjellberg) while largely making peace with studios by creating an automated screening system that detects pirated content. YouTube says it has paid more than $2 billion to studios that have chosen to leave their material on the site and share in the ad revenue generated by their clips. Meanwhile, YouTube's audience has surpassed 1 billion, with 80 percent of the viewers outside the United States. YouTube boasts that its site reaches more people between the ages of 18 and 34 years old — the “millennial” generation — than any cable network. That segment of YouTube's audience is a major reason why more than half its video clips are watched on mobile devices. Google CEO Sundar Pichai likened YouTube to prime-time TV “for the mobile world” in a Thursday conference call that was streamed on YouTube. He told analysts that YouTube “continues to shine” as more major advertisers promote their brands on the site. Alphabet doesn't disclose how much money YouTube is making, but RBC Capital analyst Mark Mahaney estimates YouTube's annual revenue has now reached $10 billion and is increasing by as much as 40 percent a year. The growth makes YouTube “one of the strongest assets fundamentally on the internet today,” Mahaney wrote in a research note earlier this week. Still lacking Despite its progress, YouTube has been slow in realizing its full potential, leaving it vulnerable to new challengers for viewer's attention, such as Facebook's Live video feature, says Edward Jones analyst Josh Olson. The problem, as Olson sees it, is that YouTube has had trouble persuading TV and movie studios to license more of their content on their site, something that that might have made YouTube as dominant in video as Google is in search. But YouTube could be on a major breakthrough, according to a report published earlier this month in The Wall Street Journal. Citing unidentified people familiar with the matter, the newspaper said Google had reached an agreement with CBS to include its network in a cable-like service called “Unplugged” that will debut on YouTube next year. Google is also negotiating for the rights to the Fox network, ESPN and NBC, among others, the Journal said. More Business Highmark CEO made $3.8M last year Student debt weighing you down? There are options Dinner is a chore, even with Martha Stewart's help Post-election workplace peace starts by respecting co-workers Higher costs or lower revenue? Firms split on fiduciary rule Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.   Do you want to help us improve our commenting platform? Click here to take a survey.   Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Steelers notebook: TE Green happy to finally contribute after long absence Gorman: Steelers seek solutions, need a sense of urgency Pitt football notebook: Arm injury sidelines Pitt's Whitehead for at least 2 games Daily Gallery View Sunday — Nov. 13, 2016 Daily images from across the region by Tribune-Review staff photographers. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! I took a photo with the Pixel that changed my mind about the iPhone – The Verge Posted on October 29, 2016 by The Verge A few moons ago, I wrote some words under the title of “The Google phone is almost as good as the iPhone,” and while I stand by the content of those words, I now have to revise my conclusion. On the basis of my extended experience with Google’s Pixel, … Sunshine Allows for Verizon Pixel Bootloader UnlockingDroid Life (press release) (blog) Opinion: With Pixel in the picture, 2017 could be one of Google’s most important years ever9 to 5 Google Phone Comparisons: iPhone 7 vs Google PixelAndroid Headlines Fortune -Gotta Be Mobile -Tech Times -Android Central all 471 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
Cantech Letter The Very Best of Canadian Science and Technology Home About Us Archive Currently Trending Cantech Investment Conference ||| ||| Wireless Interviews Software Lists and Data Cleantech Life Sciences Hardware Gaming Opinion Science Fintech Google to award $5 million to Canada’s most innovative non-profits October 29, 2016 By Dylan Waddell 2 Comments Share this: Twitter0 Google+2 Facebook0 Google is looking for Canada’s most innovative not-for-profits. The search engine giant yesterday announced it will divvy up $5-million and disperse it between the ten most innovative Canadian non-profit organizations through means of a competition called the Google.org Impact Challenge. Ten finalists will be chosen to pitch an idea on March 6th to a panel of judges in Toronto. “We want to make a better world, faster. That’s what this Challenge is designed to do,” said Sam Sebastian, Managing Director, Google Canada. “We have huge expectations for what Canada can deliver through the Google.org Impact Challenge. Not only is Canada home to some of the world’s smartest and most talented tech innovators, but we also have a deep commitment to humanitarian causes both as a nation and as individuals.” Google.org, which is Google’s philanthropic arm, has already dispersed grants in France, Japan, India, Australia, the U.K., Germany, and the United States, all of which have gone to the most innovating groups who have shown an interest in making the world a better place through the means of technology. Google.org donates $100 million dollars a year in grants to groups across the world, as well as a billion dollars in products. “We have huge expectations of what Canada can deliver through this impact challenge,” says Sebastian. “We’re as ambitious as we’ve ever been in this country, but you pair that with an openness and a humanitarianism that I just don’t think you can find anywhere else around the world, and… amazing things can happen.” Non-profit groups that wish to participate must submit their ideas by no later than November 26th, 2016. Ideas will then be narrowed down and the public will then be eligible to vote for which projects they believe are the best and could be the most impactful in February. _____________________________________________________________________________________________________ Grab a free towel? Maybe not. Hotels are now tracking those towels and linens that go missing… Click here to learn how newly-listed TrackX (TSXV:TKX) is saving hotels up to 10% in linen costs and other items by connecting them to the exploding Internet of Things space. ______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Five groups will receive $750,000 grants, four of those groups will be selected by a panel of 8 judges, while the fifth will be voted on during the month of March. The remaining 5 groups will receive grants for $250,000. The eight judges are: • Mélanie Joly Minister of Canadian Heritage • Dr. Samantha Nutt bestselling author and Founder of War Child Canada/War Child USA • Hani Al Moulia member of Prime Minister’s Youth Council • Joseph Boyden Award-winning Author and Professor • PK Subban NHL Defenceman, Philanthropist • Jacquelline Fuller Director of Google.org • Don Harrison Vice President, Corporate Development at Google “We created the Google.org Impact Challenge because we truly believe that technology has the power to transform lives,” explained Jacquelline Fuller, director of Google.org. “We have seen firsthand the incredible impact that innovative technology can have in addressing complex and difficult social issues, and we are excited to see how Canadian non-profits will respond to the challenge.” Google.org has already supported educational opportunity, crisis response due to natural disasters and epidemics, racial justice, and has helped aid in the fight against the Zika virus which has recently started making its way up to Canada. If you wish to submit your proposal for the Canadian Google.org Impact Challenge, you can do so by clicking here before the deadline of November 26th. Related Cantech Letter Posts BDC Capital launches $150 million IT Venture Fund II Teralys Capital closes oversubscribed $375 million Innovation Fund Solium Capital helped by low Canadian dollar, says Euro Pacific Canada Follow @cantechletter for all the latest on Canadian Technology Get the latest opinions from Canadian Tech Experts With Our Weekly Newsletter Enter e-mail address Filed Under: Accelerators, E-Commerce, Lists and Data, Venture Capital About Dylan Waddell Dylan Waddell writes about video games and technology for Cantech Letter. Doug Evans Canada because of its resource extraction economy has many towns whose citizens have moved away. The archives of these towns makes up a priceless portion of the history of Canada. Even where they have had the benefit of Archivists they are oftthanken in remote areas no accessible to former residents. We have developed a digital mirror image of the Flin Flon archive and placed it on line so it is accessible to all. We also restore and identify the original documents and pictures and keep them as high quality scans. We could use googles help, Not only money for additional workers to do scanning but also face recognition and research. I don’t know how to apply formally and trust this message if not an application will trigger a response as to how to apply CelestialSkies Doug, This is a third party news report on the Google grants – I don’t think you’ll have much luck with anyone official from Google answering you on this platform, but the link to the Google Grant webpage is included in the article above – here is the link for you https://impactchallenge.withgoogle.com/canada2017 Good luck, sounds like a great project! Cantech Newswire Rockwell Automation Invests $12M to Bring Science and Technology to Next Generation Workforce CROSSFIRE E-SPORTS APP Launched GE Digital Acquires ServiceMax to Extend Predix and Analytics Across Field Service Processes Matrix Launches PowerWatch, World’s First Smartwatch that Never Needs Charging Opterus Announces Store Ops-Center Version 16.3 Chasing the Edge of Science: Caltech, Liqid and Kingston Technology at SC16 KnowBe4 Warns Employees Against “AdultFriendFinder” Scams Philips launches world’s first detector-based spectral CT scanner in Canada Submit news here More news... Search the Site FREE e-NEWSLETTER Cantech Letter's free e-newsletter. Enter your email in the box below and never miss a hot tech stock again. We don't spam and you can unsubscribe anytime. E-mail Address* Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Copyright © 2016 Cantech Communications Return to top of page Site designed by Petersen Media Group, LLC Disclaimer Privacy Policy Most Popular Articles Search by Keyword or Ticker Symbol × Free Weekly Newsletter Free Weekly Newsletter Never miss a hot Canadian tech stock again. Get top picks from the experts in your inbox every week. Enter your e-mail address to subscribe:  
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Apple Google I took a photo with the Pixel that changed my mind about the iPhone New, 398 comments Mea culpa: I was wrong by Vlad Savov Oct 29, 2016, 4:29pm EDT share tweet Linkedin A few moons ago, I wrote some words under the title of "The Google phone is almost as good as the iPhone," and while I stand by the content of those words, I now have to revise my conclusion. On the basis of my extended experience with Google’s Pixel, I consider it an all-around better phone than the iPhone 7. The final exhilarating straw that broke the camel’s back was the photo below, coming straight out of the Pixel XL’s camera, undoctored other than for a horizon adjustment. Omfg, this Pixel XL photo. pic.twitter.com/swB1Otm0jM — Vlad Savov (@vladsavov) October 27, 2016 I take a lot of photos with phones, it’s a major part of my job of reviewing them, but this one (full resolution here) is easily the best one I’ve ever shot. The circumstances are worth recounting: I was in the middle of crossing New York City’s 7th Avenue on a rainy and windy night, and only stopped because I knew I could take a quick shot with the Pixel that might be worth preserving afterwards. This is because of Google’s ingenious shortcut of double-tapping the power button to launch the camera — which works in a wet environment whereas the iPhone’s Touch ID might not. And it’s also because I’d already seen what the Pixel’s camera can do, bringing DSLR-like sharpness and color to some challenging situations. It was the Pixel’s camera that nudged me into using it as my daily phone over the iPhone 7, but I still believed that the sober advice was to buy an iPhone for the better app and accessory ecosystem, resale value, and industrial design. Those things haven’t changed, but my judgment of how far ahead the Pixel is of any other cameraphone has changed. I couldn’t have taken that shot with any other phone, of that I’m almost certain. Without re-reviewing the Pixel, I’ll simply say that its performance is super fast, the battery of the XL model lasts for a long time, and Google’s Android notification system is much more to my liking than Apple’s in iOS. And since I’m already eyebrow-deep in Google’s web services, it’s a no-brainer. Now excuse me while I go make a Live Case out of this crazy photograph. P.S. — All the photos in this report about new car brand Lynk & Co were also shot with the Pixel XL. Google Pixel phone review Next Up In Circuit Breaker Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones How much should the Nintendo Switch cost? I'd rather tie my own shoes than pay $720 for Nike's self-lacing sneakers LuMee launched its new selfie phone case in coordination with the supermoon BenQ’s new 240Hz monitor is designed for e-sports Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 12. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 3 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Zatz Not Funny! Categories TiVo Roku Cord Cutting Smart Home Apple Reviews Contact About Android TV is Fantastic. Well Mostly Joel Ward —  October 29, 2016 — 30 Comments Fellow tech enthusiast and DC neighbor Joel Ward jumps back into his role as a Features contributor here at Zatz Not Funny. Beyond ZNF, Joel can be found at Joelsef Explains It All and @joelsef on Twitter. I recently picked up a new Sony TV with Android TV for our living room. This television replaced a Sony LCD HDTV from the late 2000s. That set hails from an era when the majority of TVs were dumb — no built-in apps that today’s smart TVs feature. But I increased its intelligence by first adding a Windows Media Center PC back in 2009, then experimenting with Google TV, Boxee, Chromecast, and ultimately settling on Roku 3 as our over-the-top streamer. We arrive in 2016 and it’s nearly impossible to find a decent television over 30″ without some sort of “smart” designation and apps aplenty. That’s why I decided to go with a Sony this time around. The last time we refreshed a TV (for a different room, back in 2013) we went with a Samsung and its Samsung Smart Hub. In the three years we’ve had that TV, Samsung has pared down the 2013 TV’s UI to the very basics and removed many of the original features. It still has apps, including Netflix and HBO, but it’s nothing like what Roku offers. Our new Sony X800D series runs Android TV and Sony has Android TV across most of its television line now. Besides the Nvidia Shield and now defunct Google Nexus Player, Sony is the biggest player in Android TV at the moment, although Sharp and Philips have options as well. The interface is very clean and modern. You can get Android TV compatible apps from the Google Play store. Since we picked up the set in July, many more apps have come online and for the most part are on par with what we use on Roku but the number of apps still doesn’t equal Roku’s catalog. For those apps without an Android TV version, you can use GoogleCast to beam content from your phone or PC, from apps with that feature of course. No separate ChromeCast necessary. Miracast/WiFi direct screen mirroring is built in as well. The power of Google is the search, and this TV has Google powered text and voice search via a microphone in the remote. You can easily search the app store this way, and also search some app content from the home menu. More app developers need to integrate with this service. Another cool feature is the integration of the Channels app with other tuners like HDHomeRun and DirectTV. The HDHomeRun integration may work with the (still) upcoming HDHomeRun DVR too. The Channels app, and HDHomeRun’s native Android TV app, are a little clunky though. The Live Channels app, another Google creation, is an attempt at combining live broadcast channels alongside streaming services “channels” for an integrated guide. It is a work in progress but the interface shows promise. On the other end of the spectrum, there is a Kodi app with many content options within the familiar if not dated interface. For HDHomeRun DVR integration that may work best. The main complaint I’ve had has been the quirkiness of the TV. For the first few months some features didn’t work right, like GoogleCast. The TV rebooted itself a lot too. Recent updates have stabilized it, but this does make me nervous. When your smart TV might reboot itself on a whim, maybe a dumb TV is a better idea. That said, I have confidence this will not be an ongoing issue. This new TV with Android TV built in has all but replaced the need to use an external streaming box like Roku in our living room. If the platform keeps expanding with new apps and integrations, I think Google finally has a chance to take over the living room. Pros Familiar Android interface Google powered search Many apps ported to the Android TV interface GoogleCast built in Miracast/WiFi Direct screen mirroring Integration with 3rd party tuners like HDHomeRun and DirectTV Cons The TV software has been quirky, though recent updates have stabilized it Not as many apps available as Roku, but Makes up for it with Google Cast support Android TV’s Channels app is still a little clunky Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) In Android, CableCARD, Chromecast Android TV, sony   Related Stories 30 responses to Android TV is Fantastic. Well Mostly cybergrimes October 29, 2016 at 4:02 pm As an owner of a Sony GoogleTV set you will never talk me out of cheap external streaming boxes. Our TV has literally lost all usefulness beyond Netflix. If I bought a TV today I would get a Vizio with Chromecast built in since its probably the closest to a avoiding a smart TV interface. Bud October 29, 2016 at 5:45 pm “Almost as good as a Roku”? Get a Roku… and a dumb TV. Why buy a TV with smarts built in, only to have the “smarts” set outsmarted by newer devices? Tim October 29, 2016 at 7:16 pm For those who read this article and aren’t aware, Android TV isn’t just an app platform for smart TVs like the Sony set that the reviewer owns. It’s also available on standalone boxes, including the Mi Box from Xiaomi ($69) and the high-end Nvidia Shield TV ($199 and up). I’m trying out a Mi Box right now. My initial thoughts is that Android TV has a lot of promise but is still a bit rough. It sports a more attractive, useful and customizable home screen UI than Roku or Amazon Fire TV but it has fewer apps than either of those platforms. That said, all of the major video streaming apps are available for Android TV now with the exception of Amazon Video, which is only available in the US on Sony TVs running Android TV, where it’s pre-installed. (It can also be installed — “sideloaded” — and will run on the Nvidia Shield TV, although it’s a bit of a workaround since the app isn’t available on the Google Play app store for easy downloading.) One of the biggest gripes I have about Android TV is that media playback controls aren’t consistent between the various major apps available, so you have to get used to slightly different sequences of button presses on the remote to achieve the same results in one streaming app versus another. Hopefully Google does a better job going forward of encouraging app developers to conform to a single standard set of controls. This may not be an issue if you’re using Android TV on a Sony TV because the remote control has dedicated buttons for play/pause, rewind, fast forward, etc. The remotes for the Mi Box and Nvidia Shield TV, however, do not have such buttons; all playback commands must be done through a four-way directional pad with center select button. One of the areas where Android TV offers the most promise, though, is the potential to marry live TV and DVR functionality in the same device as a slew of streaming apps plus games. Various companies, including Silicon Dust, Plex and Google themselves are working on this through various apps, including Google’s own Live Channels app, and various tuners, including network tuners from Silicon Dust and USB OTA tuners that can be plugged directly into your Android TV box. There are no fully-done polished solutions here quite yet but things are progressing. Joel Ward October 29, 2016 at 10:04 pm @cybergrimes: I feel your pain. I never had Google TV built in to a TV, but tested out the Logitech Revue box back in 2012. It was terrible and they didn’t give it much love and it died a horrible death. I do still have that Revue I need to pull out and test. Anyway, you can hardly find a TV these days without some streaming technology built in. Especially at the higher end, the manufacturers pile that stuff on. That’s what Sony is doing. For many people, those built in apps, even if limited, is all they will ever want to deal with. So if it’s Netflix and that’s it, that’s what they use. Android TV is a big step up from that, and for many, including us, the integration with the set is very usable and useful right now. I do agree that an external box is the safest way to go long term. Even if a platform is supported, like the Samsung Smart Hub, older sets may not get major updates after a few years. Even if Android TV does stick around, Sony could forget about older sets at some point. Thing is, even if they do, we can always get an external box at that point. If they don’t, we can keep the simplified setup and be perfectly happy. However, I do think Android TV built-in to Sony TVs may have more staying power. 1) Android TV is a good platform and it’s expanding, and no sign Google has given up on it–yet. 2) Sony has gone in whole hog across all of their sets, not just a few. 3) It is related to Android apps and GoogleCast, which are not going away anytime soon. Joel Ward October 29, 2016 at 10:12 pm @Bud: This new Sony Android TV replaced an older dumb TV that had a Roku. Finding a TV over 40″ without some smart TV interface is near impossible, especially in the 4K variety. See my comment to @cybergrimes above. I agree that the long term view of integrated smart TV operating systems is unsure, and likely unreliable. However, for many people the built-in features are enough. From what I’ve seen across the major TV manufacturers these days, I’m most impressed with the integrated Android TV in this Sony compared to any other options. Even if Roku is built in. I’m really just bored of the Roku UI and it sorely needs an update. It does work well and the number of apps is plentiful, but unless they upgrade that platform a lot I think another player like Android TV or even Apple TV could take over. Yeah, I said it. Joel Ward October 29, 2016 at 10:20 pm @Tim: Very well stated. This article was meant to focus on the Android TV platform itself, not so much on the Sony integration. However, both topics are pertinent and I’m glad we’re talking about them. It is still a work in progress. However, the user interface (UI) of Android TV blows Roku out of the water. User experience (UX): Roku may win there for consistency across apps. However, the current Roku interface looks older while Android TV looks newer and fresher. Roku needs to catch up. If Sony does do what they should do and support it long term, it may be a winner in integrated sets. If we see more streaming boxes like the Nvidia Shield and Mi Box it might have a better chance overall. Does anyone know about Sharp and Philips integration? Is the new Nintendo that runs on the Nvidia hardware going to run Android TV too? Lastly, yes, the integration with tuners and streaming apps is where I want to see the improvements. Not only in a unified interface across all content sources so no external boxes are necessary, but also in SEARCH. Which is where Google could really shine if app developers hook into the search properly. I am hopeful. I am watching the HDHomeRun DVR app progress (slowly) but am hopeful. Bryan Hughes October 29, 2016 at 10:22 pm Granted, it’s not the focus of the article, but how is the audio? Joel Ward October 29, 2016 at 10:27 pm @Bryan Hughes: The built in speakers are okay. It’s a very thin set, so it doesn’t have the larger speakers to produce fuller sound like the old Sony LCD that we replaced. That was thicker and had better mid-range and bass. The new Sony sound is just okay. However, we don’t really use the built-in speakers. Our older Sony DVD surround system works well with HDMI ARC control and optical out from the TV, and that provides the real sound we need. And yes, the Sony TV outputs full surround even from the cable box pass through, unlike our Samsung! mike October 29, 2016 at 11:59 pm Get SPMC instead of Kodi for Android TV. It’s a fork by the guy who did a lot of the Android integration on Kodi. It is basically Kodi with a more up to date feature set for Android TV. Other than a lack of Amazon – which Sony TVs do have – it is pretty complete for major streaming services. Even Playstation Vue just launched for the platform. Worst part is the nearly complete lack of attention from other Google properties/services. No Photos app integration. Though that will be addressed a good deal by Google Home I think. Other things too though, like how bare bones the Play Music app is. Still no podcast integration. All that said you can load Chrome via the web Play Store. At least on Nvidia Shield. You need a third party launcher to run it. But then you can use the joysticks on the Shield game pad for cursor control. You can also easily add a keyboard/mouse etc… MJR October 30, 2016 at 4:30 am Android means Google and Google loses interest in things. They may be build this stuff into TV’s, but you can still tun the TV’s as dumb. Not a fan of software built into TV’s, just like phones the manufacturer may choose not to update the software built in. Sony makes nice TV’s though, Donkey Kong October 30, 2016 at 8:17 am PlayStation Vue just launched for Android TV this week and cable companies should be very worried. It’s AWESOME. I am not missing anything from the crappy FiOS TV I canceled. Except Dolby 5.1, but at over $100 less per month I will take the trade off. $260 per month for garbage programming, garbage guide, garbage UI/DVR, and garbage equipment. I am loving my Sony bravia with Android TV! Peter Rév October 30, 2016 at 9:15 am A lot of Google apps like Photos or Chrome you will not find via Android TV Google Play. You have to enter the Play store via your PC and install from your PC into your Android TV. This will solve the problem only halfway, because apps installed from your PC into your Android TV will not appear on your Android TV Home screen. You will find them under Settings – Apps only. Stupid right?! Joel Ward October 30, 2016 at 11:14 am @Peter: There are definitely some things missing. However for many people’s needs, and our needs, it does the same or more than most smart TVs. But yes, quirky as usual, which is typical for Google. Joel Ward October 30, 2016 at 11:16 am @MJR: I tend to agree. However, as smart TVs are hard to avoid especially with larger screens, it’s nice to have a workable option with the built in OS. Maybe it will last, maybe it won’t. For now it works well and if they ever give up on it, the TV has plenty of HDMI inputs. Joel Ward October 30, 2016 at 11:18 am I wrote this to be more about Android TV than focusing on the Sony integration. However the integration aspect is interesting too. As for Android TV, I don’t have experience with the other devices like the Nvidia Shield. How does that compare? Has anyone seen the Sharp or Philips options? Any other sub-$100 Android TV boxes like the Mi? Philip Merritt October 30, 2016 at 2:49 pm KODI gets a really bad rep for the payee addon but as far as your one stop shop for all things media…..it is fantastic. There is a bit of a learning curve in seeing it up but once you get it down it has no equal imho. Even my wife loves using it and that’s saying A LOT. Also, for those apps that are sideload, lookup sideload launcher. It’s the missing link for that functionality. Android TV does EVERYTHING I need it to do. With a powerful device like shield tv you can even use it as a plex media server. The shield tv is powerful enough to replace a power hungry HTPC in a heartbeat. I see no reason for cable subscriptions anymore, you just need Internet and a good androidtv set top box. James DiCarlo October 30, 2016 at 3:17 pm I currently have a 2015 Sony TV with Android TV built in and have been very disappointed since Sony is dragging their butts in doing the update to marshmallow(forget about Nougat) and without marshmallow, mpeg2 channels from hdhomerun will not play correctly. Sony is suppose to fix this but I would not hold my breath. My Nexus player works without flaws in comparison to the Sony. Knowing this, i would have purchased a Vizio and a nexus player and recommend others to do the same. Jim trentbg October 30, 2016 at 3:57 pm @Joel Ward You might want to look at the newly introduced to the US market Le Eco TV sets, all of them are featuring higher level hardware and Android TV integration across all models. I am definitely grabbing the 55″ version that would be sold for $699 the first couple of weeks and test it out. Hopefully more and more companies will go to the route of integrating Android TV and better specs to support it. Steven schwamm October 30, 2016 at 4:25 pm Best tv I’ve very brought in years Sony smart tv great intertainer on anything from you tube to radio tune in mike October 30, 2016 at 4:40 pm One of the best parts about Nvidia Shield Android TV box has been Nvidia itself. Pretty timely updates and responsive to a lot of user input after the initial launch. We have had Marshmallow for a while and the grape-vine says we’ll have Nougat early next year. It’s not a perfect product but you definitely get the sense that somebody from Nvidia is still actively thinking about the product after you already paid them your money. Of course, no official Amazon app for Shield. A bummer for a lot of users. Still, if Nvidia came out with a sequel that had a couple updates – like hdmi pass-through and an upgradeable internal SSD – I’d buy in a heartbeat. I might not even wait for fantastic holiday pricing like I did last year for the unit I have now. ;-) Eric F November 2, 2016 at 1:46 am I really love my Nvidia Shield TV. Best TV box I’ve ever bought, bar-none. Plex server, Kodi, Netflix, works with my Harmony remote. Everything except for a real Amazon app. And I don’t even have a 4k TV yet. mike November 2, 2016 at 8:56 am Love my Nvidia Shield as well. Very flexible. But then a new streaming service launches like Filmstruck did recently and has no mention of the platform on their roadmap at all. I can’t help but be slightly peeved thinking that if Google had put their shoulder into it as much as Nvidia has the platform would be much, much further along by now. I see the platform being adopted by some TV makers and stuff and all that’s great. But I do wonder how long it will be until it is seen as a front tier product by content providers. I find it particularly chaffing that Fire TV gets more play. I understand why. But still, a fork of Android and it gets more play than Google’s official big screen version of Android. It really bothers me that Google services themselves don’t support it or support it so poorly. I don’t know how they expect their Android TV team to make the case to third parties when their own properties don’t even take the time to support it. All in all it’s a great platform. I just wish more content providers prioritized support for it – including Google. MJR November 2, 2016 at 11:19 pm Filmstruck can be considered a niche service and as such will roll out to platforms slowly. We don’t even know if there is a real market for this service at this point. mike November 3, 2016 at 12:03 am Whatever you consider it Android TV isn’t even on their roadmap which is not particularly slow or light at all. They are launching on Desktop, Android, iOS, and Fire TV now. They will have Apple TV by the end of the month. Roku and Chromecast within the next month or two. That’s pretty much every major platform. Not even mentioned – Android TV. Joel Ward November 3, 2016 at 12:26 am @Mike: If there is Chromecast/GoogleCast capability in the mobile apps, then it will work with Android TV since GoogleCast is built in. That’s one of the nice things about Android TV: if there isn’t a native app, there’s a good chance there’s GoogleCast support via mobile. Then eventually a native app might pop up. mike November 3, 2016 at 7:18 am Yes I’m aware it will work with Chromecast on Android TV devices. And it’s nice to have that backup capability. It will also be great to use with Google Home when it launches in a few days. However I went to a dedicated streaming box after having had a Chromecast because I prefer a physical remote. So it would be nice to have that native streaming support. The worst part is that according to Google supporting Android TV shouldn’t even be that difficult seeing as they are already supporting Android, not to mention Fire TV. But even for that claimed slight extra bit of work it’s not even on their roadmap. That goes back to my complaint about Google’s general support of the platform. They make the case it is very easy to support if you already support Android. However so many of their own properties don’t even bother. Google has a lot of content I’d like on my tv. All those museums available on their cultural institute website. All those maps walk throughs of national parks and destinations all over the world. My pics and vids in Google Photos. And then there is the weak support of Play Music. And also Youtube got a recent UI upgrade on every major streaming platform – except Android TV. I can get around a lot of that with Chromecast. But I shouldn’t have to. AP November 3, 2016 at 11:09 pm With the Nvidia Shield being out of stock most places, do we have any ETA on when the next version will be out? I believe the FCC showed it a month or two back. Brian November 10, 2016 at 11:40 am I am trying to understand the assertion in this article that the Live Channels app can be integrated with “3rd party tuners” including DirecTV. I would love if this were true but there isn’t even an official DirecTV app that is available for this device from the Play Store let alone one that integrates with the Live Channels app. Can you clarify what you meant and how you were able to get DirecTV to work on this? Joel Ward November 11, 2016 at 5:07 pm @Brian: The Live Channels app–the Android TV one–can integrate with a handful of apps. DirecTV is not one of them. It appears that the DirecTV integration may be Sony-specific. It appears as an option on the Inputs selection in the UI. Sony has their own version of “Channels” that has its own guide and limited integration with tuners like HDHomeRun. Not sure why they made their own, but they did. I believe if you use Sony’s DirecTV integration then it integrates with their “Channels” guide. We don’t have DirecTV so I can’t test right now. Joel Ward November 11, 2016 at 5:08 pm @AP: I have not seen anything about the next Nvidia Shield. Anyone else have an idea? Leave a Reply Cancel reply Comment Text formatting is available via select HTML. <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Email Subscription Enter your email address to receive new ZNF stories, as they happen. No spam. Email Address Home Contact About © 2016 Zatz Not Funny! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 29 GOOG: 795.37 0.02 This week’s top stories: Pixel pre-order delays, LG V20 review, Xiaomi Mi Mix, Google Allo & Assistant updates, & more Jordan Kahn - 2 weeks ago @JordanKahn Android 7.0 Nougat Pixel LG V20 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In this week’s top stories: Pixel pre-order delays, we go hands-on with the LG V20 in our full review, Xiaomi unveils its new Mi Mix phone, Google Allo and Assistant get updates, and much more.  We kick things off with our review of the new LG V20 as some early customers report issues with fragile camera glass on the device. Xiaomi introduces the new Mi Mix phone. Pixel pre-order demand exceeds Google’s expectations and may face delays into November. And Google Assistant and Allo get updates that bring new features. These and the rest this week’s top stories below: Android | LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Some early LG V20 buyers report fragile camera glass, best to leave the protective film installed Xiaomi just introduced the Mi Mix, its full ceramic, edgeless engineering marvel concept turned reality The affordable and impressive ZTE ZMax Pro expands from MetroPCS to T-Mobile Android Wear 2.0 won’t automatically install apps on your watch, requires Play Store install Pixel | Pixel pre-order demand ‘exceeded’ Google’s expectations, many facing delays into November These neat handmade decals add a ‘light bar’ to your Pixel XL (Update: 5-inch Pixel too) Opinion: With Pixel in the picture, 2017 could be one of Google’s most important years ever Apps | Google Assistant added to IFTTT for Google Home and Pixel devices Google Calendar 5.6.2 adds a Month view homescreen widget Here’s what the new Allo chat themes are going to look like when they launch [Gallery] Google Messenger 2.0 brings a more compact UI and new circular icon to all devices Allo gets its first big update w/ app shortcuts, landscape support, quick reply, and more Google expands Material Design with new suite of design and prototyping tools Chrome OS | Chrome OS 54 brings PIN unlock to everyone ─ here’s how to use it Samsung Chromebook Pro product page confirms more details about the upcoming convertible This week’s top videos:  Take a look at this stunning 4K footage that was actually shot entirely on Google’s Pixel [Video] Hands-on with 5 Android apps you should download in October 2016 [Video] Subscribe to get all 9to5Google’s stories delivered to your inbox daily. And to 9to5Toys for the best deals from around the web. Guides Android 7.0 Nougat View THe Guide Pixel View THe Guide LG V20 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › arts › tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical movies home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Strictly Come Dancing Strictly Come Dancing: week six – as it happened It’s the Strictly Halloween special! Who got their freak on, and who was doomed to leave the dancefloor? Updated Ore Oduba and Joanne Clifton’s spooktacular performance to I Want Candy. Photograph: Guy Levy/BBC/PA Heidi Stephens Sunday 30 October 2016 15.59 EDT Last modified on Sunday 30 October 2016 16.07 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Key events Show 2.40pm EDT 14:40 SUNDAY NIGHT RESULTS SHOW UPDATE! Live feed Show 3.58pm EDT 15:58 So that’s IT for a highly entertaining Halloween weekend, thank you all for joining in and being brilliant as always. It’s my annual jaunt to Strictly next week, so someone else will be in the hotseat for next Saturday night’s show (not sure who, sorry). I’ll be back for the Results Show on Sunday (no spoilers, obv), so I’ll see you then – in the meantime you can find me on Twitter/Insta @heidistephens and I’ll try to post a few pics. Have a brilliant week! Hx Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.57pm EDT 15:57 Tess asks Anastacia what her favourite moment of Strictly was, and she misses the opportunity to say “dancing with Gorka”. It’s a tearful goodbye (including some random guff about “finding her female”), and then she starts singing and Brendan is practically out of the door. But he comes back to twirl Anastacia round the dancefloor to Mike Oldfield’s Moonlight Shadow, as sung by Kate Bush. Fin. Updated at 3.59pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.54pm EDT 15:54 So who will the judges save? Craig saves Daisy and Aljaz, as does Darcey. Bruno does likewise, and Len agrees. Another clean sweep for Daisy and Aljaz, and they live to fight another day. So ANASTACIA AND BRENDAN are leaving the Strictly dancefloor. I’m sorry to see Anastacia go – she’s had a rocky road on Strictly since Week 1, but it clearly wasn’t meant to be. Strictly is outta love, and it’s time to set her free. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.51pm EDT 15:51 Time for another go at Daisy and Aljaz’s “Am I bovvered though?” Paso. She’s beautiful and a great dancer, there’s just no…passion. How can you dance with Aljaz EVERY WEEK and not have passion? Is Daisy MADE OF STONE? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.49pm EDT 15:49 They’ve cranked up the dry ice so we don’t have to watch Anastacia’s feet. This jive definitely has considerably more welly than last night, but she still looks like she’s treading grapes. Nice work Anastacia, you gave that everything you’ve got, and then some. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.47pm EDT 15:47 Time for the dance off! This one feels a bit pointless, but let’s go with it. Brendan can clearly see the finish line, and Aljaz knows he isn’t going anywhere. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.46pm EDT 15:46 We’re definitely getting better at this prediction business, no? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.42pm EDT 15:42 So who is up against Daisy and Aljaz in the bottom two? Louise and Kevin are safe, along with Ore and Joanne, Laura and Giovanni and Danny and Oti! Which means ANASTACIA AND BRENDAN are in the Dance Off again. And I think they’re probably going home tonight. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.37pm EDT 15:37 Time for Len’s Lens! Chances are they’re going to show Ed’s body fondle in slow motion, so you might want to grab a cushion. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.36pm EDT 15:36 Time for a musical interlude! It’s Laura Mvula, who is impossibly beautiful and I could watch her all night. She appears to have bought her own barefoot dancers, and is doing a cover of the Fugees classic “Ready or Not”. Let’s just be grateful it’s not Katherine Jenkins. Updated at 3.36pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.31pm EDT 15:31 So which couple is first in tonight’s bottom two? The first couple safely through to next week is Judge Rinder and Oksana (loved his moth-eaten Paso), along with Greg and Natalie, Ed and Katya (yaaaaas British public) and Claudia and AJ! First couple in the dance-off: DAISY AND ALJAZ! See? Being in the top half of the leaderboard means nothing these days. Why is Daisy panting? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.24pm EDT 15:24 Last night on Strictly: a bonkers and great fun Halloween Special. Highlights: Ore and Joanne’s homage to binge eating, Laura and Giovanni’s filthy Tango, and possibly the finest Cha Cha ever danced on Strictly, courtesy of Ed Balls. Lowlights: Craig making Natalie cry, Anastacia and Brendan’s rigor mortis jive, Danny getting caught in Oti’s dog lead. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.22pm EDT 15:22 Tess and Claudia Dress Watch! Tess in a black off-the-shoulder number and Claudia in crushed black velvet and a killer fringe. They both look fabulous. No, really. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.21pm EDT 15:21 There’s a bonus pro dance tonight, featuring Karen in a deeply unattractive nightie, and Kevin as a Dickensian schoolboy. Vampire Brendan steals her, and it all gets a bit Twilight. The music is a John Lewis Christmas version of Phil Collins’ ‘In The Air Tonight’. God I miss the Samba. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.18pm EDT 15:18 And we’re off! It’s the second night of Halloween in Strictly World, even though it isn’t actual Halloween anywhere this side of Uzbekistan. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 7 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Strictly Come Dancing Television Entertainment Reality TV Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts selected movies tv & radio selected music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Arts › TV & radio › Strictly Come Dancing Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 2 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / World Wide Web / Sale or No Sale, Changes for Twitter Certifications that stand out Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Sale or No Sale, Changes Could Come to Twitter Users By Barbara Ortutay PUBLISHED: OCTOBER 29 2016 Sale or no sale, Twitter users are bound to see changes as the beleaguered communications service tries to broaden its appeal to more people and advertisers. A new owner could clean up Twitter and curb some of the nastiness that's become synonymous with it. Or perhaps a new owner would just show more ads. Or let it languish while it mines the best of what Twitter now has into its existing products and services. All of this is speculation, of course, and there might not even be a new owner. Twitter's stock has plunged after rumored bidders are, well, rumored to be no longer interested. On Thursday, the company announced that it would cut 9 percent of its workforce globally as its revenue growth slowed. While adjusted earnings beat Wall Street expectations, it reported a loss of almost $103 million before one-time charges and costs are removed. A new parent -- whether that's Google (huh?), Salesforce (who?) or Disney (hmm...) -- could inject fresh life into a 10-year-old company that's never turned a profit and remains confounding to many people. Of course, none of these potential suitors have acknowledged interest in Twitter, let alone their plans for it. Even if Twitter stays independent, drastic changes to its service might just be what Twitter needs to be competitive with Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. How might it change? Twitter Becomes More Like Its New Owner, if There Is One Facebook's absorption of Instagram and WhatsApp in recent years could offer clues. Both services have kept separate identities, to an extent, and have experienced user growth. But slowly, they are acquiring Facebook-like features. For example, Instagram no longer presents feeds chronologically; they are now sorted much like Facebook's news feed, using some secret formula known only to Facebook. Though the change has turned off some early Instagram users, its user base has soared, to 500 million as of June. That's nearly 200 million more than Twitter, even though Instagram is three years younger. As Instagram gets more users and a mainstream appeal, its content has diluted somewhat. But many of the street photographers, graffiti artists and tween mini-celebrities who made Instagram what it is are still there -- maybe just harder to find. Stays the Same But With More Ads Twitter has never turned a profit, and whoever buys it will need to fix this. That means boosting the user base, so advertisers would follow. That also could mean better targeting, so that ad rates go up. Google, anyone? The search giant is the leader in online ads. Imagine what its might and muscle could do to Twitter's ad business. YouTube hardly had any ads when Google bought it; now, ads are so prevalent that YouTube is able to charge $10 a month for an ad-free version called Red. Instagram has also inserted ads into users' feeds of perfectly composed snapshots featuring everything from cappuccino foam to seafoam. It started out slowly with a carefully curated ad here and there, but today you're not likely to avoid ads when opening the app. A Tool for Brands, Not Revolution Jonathan Cowperthwait, a Twitter user since 2008, said he'd be worried if Google bought Twitter because the online search giant "is the worst" at social services that aim to foster online interactions, beyond email. Its Google Plus service never took off; Orkut and Dodgeball closed. Cowperthwait said that rather than let Twitter live independently, Google might "try to shoehorn it back into their own social product." Salesforce, a company that provides internet services to businesses, has also been mentioned as a contender, leading to a lot of head-scratching among users. Would Twitter become a business product, used for customer service and marketing instead of revolutions, neo-Nazi memes and political outbursts? "Salesforce is a very technology-driven company," eMarketer analyst Debra Aho Williamson said. "It seems they would want (Twitter) mostly for the data that Twitter has." The Little Bird Falls Out of the Nest Remember MySpace? It was the social network before Facebook came along. News Corp., the stodgy media conglomerate, bought it for $580 million in 2005. But users started falling off as MySpace failed to keep up with Facebook's speedy innovations. After layoffs and failed relaunches, News Corp. sold the fallen giant for $35 million in 2011, and that was just about the end of it. It's not unthinkable that Twitter could suffer the same fate under a big media company. Silence! Walt Disney's reputation as a squeaky-clean, family-friendly company is perhaps the clearest antithesis to Twitter's soul, as many users see it -- even though Disney is much bigger than Mickey Mouse and owns ABC, Marvel and the "Star Wars" franchise, among other properties. "My chief fear is that Disney will wield Twitter as one large PR machine to prop up their image and squash dissent," said Timothy Hayes, an Ohio State University student who says he fell in love with Twitter in high school. "The Mouse is not above silencing (its) opponents." Some users, on the other hand, might welcome some thorough housecleaning that goes beyond the steps Twitter is currently taking to curb abuse and nasty behavior on its service. One Twitter user, New York attorney Danny Mann, says that while Google has improved YouTube "in ways that were unimaginable at the time," he finds many of his fellow YouTube users difficult to deal with. In this sense, it's possible that even with Google's weight behind it, the abusive and nasty nature of many Twitter comments would remain as is. © 2016 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Twitter, Jack Dorsey, Job Cuts, Downsizing, Buyout, Acquisition, Salesforce, Disney Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Samsung Buying Harman for $8B 2. TubeMogul Acquired by Adobe 3. Sweltering 2016 To Set Heat Record 4. The Complete Guide to Virtual Reality 5. Volvo CEO Hoping To Drive Success MAY INTEREST YOU Salesforce.com is the market and technology leader in Software-as-a-Service. Its award-winning CRM solution helps 82,400 customers worldwide manage and share business information over the Internet. Experience CRM success. Click here for a FREE 30-day trial. MORE IN WORLD WIDE WEB 1. FB Aims To Boost Messenger Bots 2. Facebook Users: We're Not Dead! 3. Adult Social Networks Hacked 4. Zuckerberg: Fake News Election Woe 5. Is Facebook Now Too Influential? Next Article > SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2016 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! You Can Save Up to $400 When Purchasing the Pixel/Pixel XL from Verizon GO Current customers can save up to $300 instead Oct 29, 2016 16:14 GMT  ·  By Andrei Vlad  ·  Share:  Android fans in the United States don't have too many options if they want to purchase the Google Pixel or Pixel XL smartphones. The devices are exclusive to Verizon, at least for the time being, so unless you order one directly from Google, there aren't any other options available to you. T-Mobile announced a few days ago that those who purchased an unlocked Pixel smartphone are eligible to receive up to $325 in credit, which is half the price of the 32GB model. The condition is to sign up for T-Mobile ONE and show the Magenta carrier the proof of purchase. But if you can't afford to buy an unlocked Pixel/Pixel XL smartphone and you have to choose Verizon, then you'll be pleased to know the Big Red has an interesting offer for those who want a Google phone. All new Verizon customers can trade-in their smartphones and save up to $400 on the purchase of the Pixel/Pixel XL. On the other hand, if you're already a Verizon customer, you will only be given the option to save up to $300 towards the purchase of the Pixel/Pixel XL. Play Video Aside from the fact that the phone you trade in must be in working condition, Verizon will only offer you the maximum amount ($300) for these smartphones: Apple iPhone 6, HTC M9, LG V10, Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Samsung Galaxy S6, Samsung Galaxy S6 edge, and Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+. It's also worth noting that Verizon now offers the 32GB Pixel model for $650 outright, so you can get it for just $250 if you're a new subscriber and meet all the requirements mentioned above. The improved version featuring 128GB of storage costs $750. However, if you're into larger phones, Verizon sells the 32GB Pixel XL for $770, whereas the 128GB version is available for purchase for $870. Each of the Pixel/Pixel XL variants can also be had on monthly payments, but this will require you to sign up for a long-term agreement. #Pixel XL#Verizon#Pixel smartphone#Google Pixel#32GB Pixel subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Google Offers $50 Gift Cards to Some Customers Who Pre-ordered the Pixel Phones Google Pixel May Have Bluetooth Pairing Issues with Vehicles Google Updates Allo with Split-Screen Support and Direct Reply Google's Pixel Phone Is 50% Off at T-Mobile OnePlus 4 Rumors Suggest Mind-Blowing Specs: 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 CPU Pregnant Woman Suffers Second-Degree Burns After Falling Asleep on iPhone 7 Google Pixel Gets Hacked in Less than One Minute, Apple's Safari in 20 Seconds Microsoft Officially Announces Visual Studio for Mac darktable 2.2 to Be a Major Release with RAW Overexposure Indication, New Tools Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Vivaldi 1.5 Web Browser Up to RC State, Fixes H.264 and MP3 Support for openSUSE Salix Xfce 14.2 Live Edition Released, It's Based on Xfce 4.12 & Slackware 14.2    Verizon trade-in offer New Android APKs Wire APK: Updated November 14th, 18:30 GMT Hub Keyboard APK: Updated November 14th, 18:29 GMT VICE APK: Updated November 14th, 15:05 GMT NHL APK: Updated November 14th, 15:01 GMT BBC iPlayer APK: Updated November 14th, 14:59 GMT LinkedIn APK: Updated November 14th, 14:53 GMT Trip Tracker APK: Updated November 14th, 14:35 GMT Reader comments LG G5 Starts Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update more on: LG G5 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
GET IN TOUCH       Ghana News Ghana News, Ghana Politics, Ghana Sports, Ghana Business           Home Business Politics Elections Sport Showbiz Odd But True Opinion Relationship Lifestyle Infographics Photo Gallery TV Google tries new approach with voice on Pixel phone Saturday 29th October , 2016 3:53 pm The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco, California, U.S. October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach About six months ago, people working on hardware and the voice-activated Google Assistant for the Pixel phone started sitting next to each other at the company’s Mountain View, California headquarters, hammering out minute details of its first phone. The new seating arrangement illustrated a much larger shift underway at Alphabet Inc’s Google, which crashed Apple Inc’s smartphone revolution eight years ago by giving away its Android software and letting handset makers do the rest. Google software now runs on 85 percent of the world’s smartphones, but as voice control threatens to replace touch as the primary means of using a hand-held device, the company is experimenting with a different approach – more akin to Apple’s tight integration of hardware and software. The Pixel’s hardware and Assistant teams gather for happy hour every Friday and have already received a prototype for the camera on next year’s phone, said Brian Rakowski, vice president of product for Google’s Android operating system. Their ambition: to make the company’s voice-powered digital assistant better than rivals such as Apple’s Siri and Microsoft Corp’s Cortana. “We really wanted the Assistant on the phone to feel like a natural extension of the ways you ask Google for information,” Rakowski said in an interview. LEAF FROM APPLE’S BOOK The fusion of hardware and software is key to that goal. Certain specifications are crucial for a high-performing assistant, such as a well-placed microphone and a powerful processor to crunch reams of data. Creating an app isn’t enough; that requires a few clicks for users to get to it. The hardware and software teams worked closely on details such as the graphics that appear when users call up the assistant, settling on a flurry of colorful dots, which Rakowski called a “whimsical touch to give a little bit of life to the home button.” The Assistant is always at the ready on the Pixel phone and can be summoned by pressing the home button or saying the words “OK Google.” By integrating the Assistant into the Pixel, Google “doesn’t have to do negotiations with another handset maker – they can make it as tight as they want,” said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, which offers a digital assistant by the same name. To make sure users get the best possible experience, the Assistant will live only on Google products such as the Pixel, at least for now. In the long term, however, it is unclear whether Google will keep it that way, or return to its original phone strategy and try to push the product out to the millions of smartphones running on other manufacturers’ Android phones, at the risk of offering a slightly lower-quality experience. Rakowski said making sure the Assistant works well on other phones would require a close level of integration with handset makers, beyond the typical work that happens on the Android operating system. “We want all these features of the Assistant to work well and work quickly and be nicely integrated so it gives the right idea of what the Assistant can do,” he said “We don’t want it to feel limited or bolted on in any way.” He admits it could be challenging to execute the Assistant on some current Android phones. “You can’t do some of the always-on ‘OK Google’ detection on some phones because they don’t include the right hardware to do that,” he said. “In some cases, the microphone is not in a great position.” SAMSUNG GOING IT ALONE? Whatever Google decides, there are already some signs that its Assistant may not be welcome on all Android phones. Samsung Electronics Co, the world’s top selling smartphone maker and the leading Android manufacturer, recently acquired Viv Labs, an artificial intelligence startup founded by the creators of Siri, and plans to weave the assistant into its phones. Having already ceded their operating systems to Google, Android manufacturers may be reluctant to delegate the digital assistant as well, people in the industry said. “If we get to the point where the face of the brand is the assistant itself, that is totally a differentiator,” said Babak Hodjat, co-founder of artificial intelligence company Sentient. “They will be relegated to just pushing hardware.” Google is coy about its plans. “Over time, we want to bring the Assistant to as many people as possible,” Steve Cheng, product management director for the Assistant, said in an interview, without giving details. Analysts expect that eventually Google will try to make money by taking a share of transactions brokered by the Assistant – such as when a user buys flowers from a store the Assistant just located. Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai appeared to hint at that possibility during the company’s earnings call on Thursday. “The Assistant team talked about conversational actions as a way by which we can integrate third parties into the voice experience,” he said. But he did make clear, whether on its own or others’ hardware, the shift from touch to voice-controlled assistants presents a prime opportunity for Google. “As we went from desktops to mobile, it’s not like one replaced the other… It expanded the pie,” he said. “I approach this the same way.” – Source: Reuters Google Pixel phone Godwin Akweiteh Allotey Tagged with: Google Pixel phone More on citifmonline.com Flippy Campus launches online marketplace for tertiary students November 14, 2016 Facebook to do more tackling fake news November 14, 2016 Facebook wants to make you secure November 13, 2016 Facebook bug ‘kills’ users in ‘terrible error’ November 12, 2016 Spotify patches ‘data gobbling’ glitch November 11, 2016 13 year old honoured internationally for feats in tech space November 11, 2016 General News Mahama opens Kwame Nkrumah Interchange project [Photos] November 14, 2016 Burkinabe arrested for gruesome murder of school principal November 14, 2016 UK threatens to deny visas over election violence in Ghana November 14, 2016 We may deny visas over election violence – US warns Ghana November 14, 2016 Nana Addo doesn’t understand realities of governance – Mahama November 14, 2016 Advertisement Recent Posts Mahama opens Kwame Nkrumah Interchange project [Photos] Eyewitness News, Monday, November 14th, 2016 10th Further and Higher Education Conference opens in Accra [Photos] Bolgatanga SHS wins 2016 NHIS Quiz competition There’s no error with NPP logo on ballot – EC Burkinabe arrested for gruesome murder of school principal UK threatens to deny visas over election violence in Ghana We may deny visas over election violence – US warns Ghana Flippy Campus launches online marketplace for tertiary students Road Safety Management Services deploys tow trucks at Circle interchange Find us on Facebook © Copyright 2016 | citifmonline.com | All Rights Reserved.
null
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Polar M600 review: For Android users who want to be more connected during workouts Is a true Android Wear sports watch worth $330? by Valentina Palladino - Oct 29, 2016 2:52 pm UTC Login to bookmark 41 Video shot/edited by Jennifer Hahn. There's no shortage of Android Wear watches to choose from. Companies including Huawei, LG, Casio, and Fossil all have smartwatches that run on Google's wearable operating system, and all of them can use Google Fit's activity tracking. Now, the fitness company Polar is getting into the mix with the M600 Android Wear-based fitness watch, which is the first device that integrates Polar's existing exercise software with Android Wear. The M600 wants to appeal to a specific kind of user: one who is into fitness and wants a heart rate monitor and onboard GPS in their tracker, but who also cares about getting wrist notifications and using wearable apps. But at $329, Polar's device is right up there with the Apple Watch in price, and that might be too steep for some consumers, considering the experience it offers is much different. Design: Too bulky for its own good Like most hardcore fitness watches, the M600 is chunky. And since it is running Android Wear, that design almost works against it. The watch module, which can be removed to fit into different bands, is rectangular and holds the square 1.3-inch, 260 PPI touchscreen and two physical buttons: one on the left side of the device that opens the Android Wear app menu and one underneath the display that opens the Polar Flow app. The display is bold and bright, and while it can fall victim to glare in direct sunlight, it's easy to read most of the time and easy to navigate. Inside the M600 is an optical heart rate monitor and a GPS chip. That makes the device fairly thick at .5 inches, and while it's not particularly heavy, it looks monstrous on my small wrist. The band is made of a durable silicone which is much thicker than the regular silicone used in others like the Apple Watch's sport bands. It does have a double-prong watch-like closure, though, making it easy to tighten just enough so that the heart rate monitor can do its job, but also not cut off circulation. The M600's design is perfectly fine for working out, which is no surprise since it's basically just a wider, bigger vision of the $199 Polar A360. It's comfortable and also has an IPX8 waterproof rating, so you can swim in water up to 10 meters deep with it as well. But as a device you may want to wear all day long to take advantage of Android Wear and all its features, the M600 is simply way too big. Only if you don't mind bulky wristbands will you be able to wear the M600 without it feeling ostentatious. The M600 comes with a proprietary charging port that sticks magnetically to nodes on the back of the band. Connecting can be hard if you don't position the charger correctly and allow the nodes to attach in every location. Since this is an Android Wear-based device, I used our battery test to see how long it would last. On average, the M600's 500mAh battery lasted 784 minutes (roughly 13 hours) on a single charge. Our battery test continuously sends messages to the watch to ensure its display never fully turns off, so that estimate is based on never-ending activity. Polar estimates the M600 can get up to two days during normal activity (when connected to an Android phone and regularly receiving notifications) and 8 hours while training. So our test results fall in line with this. Valentina Palladino Polar's $330 M600. Valentina Palladino Polar's $330 M600. Valentina Palladino Removable silicone band. Valentina Palladino The side button brings up the Android Wear app menu. Valentina Palladino The bottom button opens Polar Flow Valentina Palladino The module and its removable band. Valentina Palladino Inside is a GPS, optical heart rate monitor, accelerometer, ambient light sensor, and mic. Valentina Palladino Android Wear apps on the M600. Valentina Palladino Polar Flow looks much like how it does on Polar's other devices. Valentina Palladino Sport profiles always track heart rate, and some that are outdoor activities automatically the turn GPS on. Valentina Palladino "My Day" shows you how much you've moved during the day so far. Features: Fitness made more practical with Android Wear At first, you may not even realize the M600 runs Android Wear. The default watch face shows the time and date in large blue and white text, and it looks like Polar's other devices. As you move throughout the day, a bar slides up the display to show you how far you've gone to reach your activity goal. Of course, thanks to Android Wear, you can change the watch face to whatever you'd like. But since this is a Polar device first-and-foremost, the default display works with the embedded Polar Flow app to make sure you don't forget who made it. On any other Polar device, the button directly below the display would open Polar Flow. But on the M600, it just feels like the default workout program (and it is). There, you can start a new workout session or tap "My Day" to get an overview of your activity progress thus far. You can program up to 20 sport profiles to appear on the watch under Training, so choosing the one you want to start is easy, and the watch will track you. As soon as you tap on Training, the watch starts to glean your heart rate and kick the GPS into gear. Depending on the activity, GPS may not always be activated (it's turned off automatically for indoor workouts) which is convenient since I don't want to have to remember to turn on or off the GPS myself. The sheer number of sport profiles that Polar can track will intrigue well-rounded athletes. But those sport profiles are available on most other Polar devices, so the M600 is just working with the software that wearables like the A360 already have. What makes the M600 so expensive (even for Polar) is not just that it runs Android Wear, but it also has the embedded heart rate monitor, GPS, and GLONASS technology. When compared to the $370 Apple Watch Series 2 during a treadmill running session, the M600's heart rate monitor was a little slow to catch up to the Apple Watch's reading. At its worst, the M600 was nearly 20 bpm lower than the Apple Watch. However, as my heart rate plateaued and started to remain steady at about 168 bpm, both watches remained within 5 bpm of each other. The M600 is also compatible via Bluetooth with Polar's H7 heart rate chest strap. So if you have an H7 already or prefer the precision of a chest strap, you have that option. The one thing you can't do with Polar's interface is take a manual heart rate reading. The monitor isn't on 24/7 and there's no option to read your pulse when you're not working out. You can get around this by going into Google Fit and using that app's heart rate detection screen. However, I prefer the interface on Samsung's $180 Gear Fit 2 that lets you take a manual reading and tag it with descriptors like "resting," "after workout," and "happy." The M600's GPS is automatically on for all non-indoor workouts, and it doesn't take long for it to grab your location. You can start an exercise session before the GPS kicks in fully as well, so there's no waiting involved. Every session recorded with GPS will have a Google Map included in Polar Flow underneath that session's stat breakdown. The GPS is quick, easy, and accurate, which are the most important traits for wearable GPS chips to have. Unlike Samsung's Gear Fit 2, Polar hasn't said it will allow you to view mapped routes on the watch itself. So you'll have to stick with Polar Flow on your smartphone to see all of your maps. Long-pressing the side button or swiping left on the display are your entryways to Android Wear. Both will bring up the app drawer where you can access a bunch of Google apps and any third-party apps you've downloaded. Other Polar devices like the A360 can receive smartphone notifications, so what you really get with Android Wear on the M600 is Google's own spin on those notifications, as well as access to full apps. Notifications are certainly richer on Android Wear compared to the native alerts on Polar's other devices. You can scroll to see full messages and reply from the watch as well. You can't do that on the A360. Even if you aren't excited by the third-party apps for Android Wear, at least you have the option to use them. I mostly stuck with Google's native apps like Maps, which let me view a map of my location and find destination spots from my wrist. This experience could get even better when Android Wear 2.0 is released and you can download apps directly to your wearable without needing a companion smartphone app. But that update won't be available until next year, and when the M600 will get it is uncertain. Google Now-powered voice control is another feature you can use on the M600 but not on any pure Polar device. I used this a lot at home when I didn't want to unlock my smartphone, and it translates my voice to text more accurately than not. You also don't need to go into the Google app on the M600 to start Google Now either: simply saying "Ok Google" with the watch on your wrist will make Google listen, as on any Android Wear device. The M600 can save music locally to its 4GB of internal storage, too. You can download tracks from Google Play Music or other sources and save them to the watch, pair some wireless earbuds to it, and go for a run without your phone. I had a pair of Jabra wireless buds on me for part of the time I spent with the M600, and the watch immediately sensed when the earbuds were within pairing range and asked to sync with them. These music features, combined with the onboard GPS, will be a huge convenience for outdoor runners and cyclists. Listing image by Valentina Palladino Expand full story Page: 1 2 Next → Reader comments 41 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Valentina Palladino / Valentina is the Associate Reviewer for Ars Technica, covering all gadgets with a focus on mobile devices and wearables. She has a soft spot for Chromebooks.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States What Analysts Are Saying About Alphabet After Earnings By Chris Lange October 29, 2016 9:25 am EST Print Email Tweet Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL) reported third-quarter 2016 results after markets closed Thursday. Initially the data pushed the stock higher but it ended Friday relatively flat. However, a few key analysts had important takeaways from the report, and across the board price targets went up. 24/7 Wall St. has included some highlights from the earnings report, as well as what analysts are saying about Alphabet after the fact. The search engine behemoth reported adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $9.06 on revenues of $22.45 billion. In the year-ago quarter, Alphabet posted EPS of $7.35 on revenues of $18.68 billion. Analysts were estimating $8.63 EPS on $22.05 billion in revenue. The Google segment posted revenues of $22.25 billion, up from $18.53 billion a year ago. Operating income rose from $5.81 billion to $6.78 billion. The operating loss on other (Bets) revenues totaled $865 million, down from $980 million in the year ago quarter. Revenues at Google websites rose 23% to $16.1 billion, and Google Network revenues rose 1% to $3.73 billion. Ad revenues rose 18% to $19.82 billion. Because Alphabet does not break out the source of advertising revenues by desktop versus mobile, it’s a little hard to draw any conclusion other than an 18% increase is solid. Traffic acquisition costs paid to Google Network members rose to 70% of Network revenues, or $2.62 billion. Payments to distribution partners totaled $1.56 billion, about 10% of websites revenues. Total traffic acquisition costs rose to $4.18 billion and were flat year over year as a percentage total ad revenues (21%). Paid clicks on Google websites were up 42% year over year and up 11% sequentially. Paid clicks on the Network members sites were up 1% year over year and sequentially. Aggregate cost per click fell 11%, compared with the year-ago quarter, and was down 5% sequentially. Credit Suisse had an Outperform rating and raised its price target to $1,070 from $1,120. The brokerage firm went on to say: Google reported a top and bottom line beat with currency-neutral revenue growth of 23% – the contributing factors were once again improvements in mobile search and YouTube for the Web Sites segment, as well as Google Play and Cloud for the Other segment. FCF to double YOY owing to moderating capex. We continue to anticipate benefits from recent ad product rollouts (Expanded Text Ads, etc.) as ongoing catalysts. Merrill Lynch reiterated a Buy rating and raised its price target to $970. Overall, the firm believes that growth deceleration was more moderate than expected, but core expenses were high. Multiple growth drivers are helping to counter the tougher comps seen in Mobile, YouTube, Programmatic and Cloud. Merrill Lynch finished by saying that sentiment should improve as deceleration fades and new drivers ramps, and the $7 billion buyback also helps. Jefferies reiterated a Buy rating for Alphabet with a $1,000 price target and further commented: Alphabet easily beat estimates with strength again coming from mobile search and YouTube, the most important products. From a capital allocation standpoint, we appreciate Alphabet is investing in strategic, promising areas like Google Assistant and hardware, while pausing investment in less rewarding areas like Fiber. Alphabet remains a Franchise Pick and we reiterate our Buy rating. Other analysts weighed in on Alphabet as well: Canaccord Genuity has a Buy rating and raised its price target to $950 from $900. Cowen has an Outperform rating and raised its price target to $1,000 from $940. Deutsche Bank raised its target price to $1,080 from $1,050. Goldman Sachs raised its price target to $970 from $930. JMP Securities raised its price target from $928 to $985. Nomura has a Buy rating and raised its price target to $950 from $925. Raymond James raised its price target to $920 from $900. Stifel raised its price target to $950 from $925. Shares of Alphabet closed Friday at $819.56, with a consensus analyst price target of $945.59 and a 52-week trading range of $672.66 to $839.00. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Best Buy Pushes Virtual Reality Ahead of Holidays 3 Recent Smoking Hot IPOs on Sale That Could Have Huge Upside » Read more: Technology, Analyst Upgrades, Earnings, featured, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG), GOOGL Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Most Republican County in Each State 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Net Worth of American Presidents: Washington to Trump The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana Recent Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Walmart, BNY Mellon and More Dynavax, Nokia Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club UnitedHealth, McDonald’s Lift DJIA Monday Ichor Holdings Gears Up for IPO Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search What Happened in the Stock Market Today TransDigm Warns That 2017 Growth Could Slow Dramatically Why Even Donald Trump Probably Can't Stop Electric Cars Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing Kilroy (KRC) Picks Adobe as Anchor Tenant for 100 Hooper AstraZeneca's Symbicort Positive in Pediatric Asthma Study Bristol-Myers Offers Updates from Opdivo Combination Trials A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively U.S. SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's Dim Prospects for Valeant Pharmaceuticals as Former CEOs Face Criminal Probes Why Mentor Graphics, Chico's FAS, and U.S. Steel Jumped Today Donald Trump's Conflicts Of Interest Are A Swamp Unto Themselves Dem Seeks Probe Of Donald Trump's Conflicts Of Interest Here's What We Know About Your Retirement Under President Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
null
The Dalles Chronicle Jump to content News Gorge Local Special sections Contact us E-edition Facebook Twitter Sign in Follow: Home News Local World National Pacific Northwest Newsbank Archives Historical Archive Public notices Sports School League Recreation Gorge Life Events Business Entertainment Outdoors Faith Opinion Letters Editorials Commentary Milestones Obituaries Births Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Events Today Submit events Classifieds Search ads Place ad Classifieds login Cars Homes Jobs E-edition Upvote 0 Google funds Wi-Fi By Jesse Burkhardt As of Saturday, October 29, 2016 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter It was a brand new system five years ago, but as technology has advanced, the Google-financed free Wi-Fi system in The Dalles needs an upgrade to keep it running efficiently. At the Monday meeting of The Dalles City Council, representatives from Google and Gorge Networks described their efforts to keep the wireless internet service — which is free and available to the public — operating smoothly. The public system went operational in 2011, thanks to a grant from Google of approximately $400,000, and Hood River-based Gorge Networks was subsequently chosen to install and operate the system. Now, modernization is needed, and Google is providing a fresh grant of $95,500 to pay for the improvements. “We are happy to support this, but if we are going to fund it, we want it to be fast and accessible,” explained Darcy Nothnagle, Google’s head of external affairs in Seattle. At first, the free Wi-Fi coverage area primarily blanketed the downtown business district of The Dalles. The system started with 40 access points, but since then the coverage area has doubled with more than 50 new access points added. In the five years since the service was provided, it has been expanded into 12 additional public sites, including the Civic Auditorium, rodeo grounds, Sorosis Park, Kramer Field, Riverfront Park and the Discovery Center. “Each day, access to the internet becomes more and more important for finding a good job, accessing services or information, and learning – as so many students in school today require the internet to complete the assignments,” Nothnagle said. “This wireless network provides those resources. Google’s mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful, and providing access to the internet helps people connect with information,” Nothnagle explained.“This gives The Dalles a real edge as far as technology goes over anybody in this part of the state,” added Gorge Networks representative Dave Keleher during Monday’s council meeting. Dan Bubb, president of Gorge Networks, explained in a written report to the city council that some of the Wi-Fi hardware now in place will not be workable by 2017, and the focus will be on replacing that equipment. “The most significant upgrades included in that specification were an increase in system capacity from a 3M to 15M user experience and the use of the 5GHz frequency that allowed for better/faster coverage,” Bubb wrote. “The original technology is no longer up to date or meeting code,” Keleher added. “There are 40 access points in the downtown area, and we are migrating those to the newest technology. We are increasing band width and taking old access points and replacing them with new access points,” he explained. Keleher said that would serve to “improve meshing and connectivity as people move around the city.” According to the Gorge Networks report, the Wi-Fi system currently has approximately 700 to 800 users every day, and Gorge.net statistics showed more than a doubling in the number of users in August 2016 as compared to August 2015. “We attribute this to the system being faster, more reliable, and there being more awareness of the availability of the system,” Bubb noted. “We consider the Wi-Fi system to be highly successful based on the several hundred users that utilize the system every day.” City Councilor Dan Spatz asked whether the upgrading project will include additional enhancements to address cyber-security. “The system is a much more secure network than when it was first rolled out,” Keleher replied. “This will add another layer of improvements.” Mayor Steve Lawrence said he appreciates that Google is stepping up to support the community. “Google feels very good about being located in The Dalles,” Lawrence said. “They like the atmosphere, the style of living, and they want to give back in other ways.” “They provide computers to the school system; they have provided a huge contribution to the library for internet and computer training, including 3-D manufacturing instruction; and they have made a commitment to providing internet services in the downtown,” Lawrence added. “We’re proud to provide funding for this public Wi-Fi network to increase access for all residents of and visitors to The Dalles,” Nothnagle said. More like this story Google invests in The Dalles wi-fi expansion City expands wi-fi area Expansion continues on TD wi-fi Wi-fi expansion will add parks, museum City wi-fi service expands Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Sign in to comment Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Hot Jobs View all listings ASSISTANT GIRLS ASSISTANT TRACK COACH ASSISTANT CASE MANAGER/ CATTLE TRUCK DRIVER EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANT II EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANT III Environmental Health HEAD WRESTLING COACH Nutrition Svcs Assist I (2 positions) Office Assistant II Office Assistant I-Temporary Position POLICE OFFICER POSITION OPENING RDO LOGO SCHOOL BUS DRIVER Supervisor 2 (Court Supervisor) TITLE I READING TRAFFIC MANAGER WASTE WATER PLANT CMA/LPN CNA OVH (LOGO) Columbia Gorge News and Businesses Contact/Submit: Subscribe / Staff list / News Tip / Letter to the Editor / Birth Announcement / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 Eagle Newspapers, Inc. All rights reserved. CLOSE X 58°
ITBusiness.ca | Business Advantage Through Technology Follow Us Follow @itbusinessca Like us on FacebookContact Us G+ RSS Search for: Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content ITBusiness.ca Menu CMO Digital HR Mobile Operations Leadership Security Tutorials Finance Sports Blogs Events Videos Slideshows Entrepreneur-turned-Google engineering director Steve Woods has plenty of experience in Silicon Valley - but Canada offers a better startup environment, he says. Leadership Operations Is Toronto a better startup environment than Silicon Valley? Google’s engineering head thinks so Eric Emin Wood @ericewood Published: October 29th, 2016 When it comes to tech startups, Steve Woods knows what he’s talking about. Before he became Google Canada’s senior engineering director, Woods founded and ran three Silicon Valley startups, including early voice portal Quack.com, which was sold to AOL in 2000, and online game advertising platform NeoEdge Networks. All three were funded with venture capital from Toronto and Boston, he says. Not one penny came from the Bay Area. “I pitched more than 200 times, and I have a lot of friends who are venture capitalists, but none of them gave me any money,” Woods says. “And while I was building these companies with money I’d raised elsewhere, I realized I was hiring people from Waterloo, from Toronto, and spending my funds to move them to one of the most expensive places in the country to live, supposedly to grow my companies.” “Eventually I realized, ‘This is crazy – not everybody wants to move to the United States,'” he continues. “So I started growing companies with engineering teams in Toronto and Waterloo.” Tapping into the Toronto-Waterloo corridor’s talent pool gave Woods an appreciation for Canada’s startup ecosystem that he did his best to articulate and share as the driving force behind Google Canada’s recent Go North conference, which invited more than 500 startups to Toronto on Oct. 28. “If you’re starting a company I think it’s possible to realize that the density of startups and talent in the Toronto-Waterloo corridor means you don’t need to go to Silicon Valley,” he says. “In fact, maybe you shouldn’t.” The difference between Canada and Silicon Valley’s startup ecosystems is difficult to define, he admits, and hard to understand until you’ve lived in the U.S. for a significant enough period of time (Woods spent 11 years there). But in addition to their world-famous kindness, Canadians are vibrant, educated, intelligent – and loyal, he says. “If you’re creating a startup you need loyalty,” Woods says, “because things aren’t always great. There are a lot of hard days, and your people can walk away, because they’re easily employable, so you want people who are committed, who don’t feel like they’re just doing it for themselves – and in Canada you get that.” Like Silicon Valley, Canada’s tech culture values entrepreneurialism, but more importantly it has the educational infrastructure and hands-on training – not to mention a reputation that attracts the world’s best and brightest – to back it up. “With [Google’s] entrepreneur programs, we’ll quite often go into a place where there’s a lot of interesting things happening, but there’s no hub or centre for it, and we’ll put our money into trying to build that environment,” he says. “We didn’t need to build that in Waterloo because it already has one – Communitech operates almost exactly like an entrepreneur hub – and so we want to be part of that environment in another way.” Woods became involved with Google 10 years into his startup career, in 2008, when the company approached him with an opportunity to build engineering and product teams in Canada for them. He doesn’t recall his first reaction being enthusiastic: “I go, ‘I dunno, you seem like a big company,'” he says. “And they go, ‘We’re big, but we’re not a big company. Come with us, invent things in Canada with our money, and it will be fun.'” Since then, Woods says that he’s come to think of Google not as a singular entity, but a series of teams developing and executing projects under a single umbrella vaguely supervised by Alphabet Inc. CEO and Google co-founder Larry Page, Alphabet president and Google co-founder Sergey Brin, and Google Inc. CEO Sundar Pichai. Because of the wide variety of projects under development beneath that umbrella, Google values diversity, Woods says – and in addition to their work ethic, the Toronto team’s embrace of cultural diversity has served as a model for others to emulate as well. “We want to have different cultures contributing,” he says. “The teams in Canada don’t build products which are Canadian-based, they’re worldwide based.” Which brings us back to Go North. In addition to hosting the event in Toronto, Google broadcast what Woods hopes will be an inaugural conference on YouTube and even pushed it on its home page. “We’re trying to put a spotlight on Canadian startups, making it clear for the whole world that we’re not just nice, we’re great,” Woods says. “Look at Thalmic. Look at Vidyard. These are amazing companies. We have a world-class environment here, and we want more people to know about it – to come to our country when they create their company and build the next great BlackBerry or Google here.” Post to Twitter Post to Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share with Google+ More Articles Google plans to split $5M among Canada’s 10 most innovative non-profits Phishing scam that hooked Clinton's campaign chief a cautionary tale for businesses Leadership, Operations Google, Google Canada, startups About Eric Emin Wood Eric Emin Wood is an Associate Editor at IT World Canada. When not writing about the tech industry he enjoys photography, movies, travelling, and the Oxford comma, and will talk your ear off about animation if you give him an opening. Follow Follow @ericewood on Twitter PageBooks - A collection of articles chosen by our editors and compiled into a magazine format designed for our readers. The marketing landscape of 2014: What digital marketers need to know Search Websites ITWC.ca IT World Canada.com Computer Dealer News.com Direction Informatique.com Publications CSO Digital CanadianCIO Computer Dealer News Computing Canada Community About Us Contact Us Subscribe Social Media Tech Videos Tech News Tech Blogs Tech Slideshows Tech Events CMO Digital Find Follow Produced By: © 2016 ITBusiness.ca
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Soccer Clockwatch Tottenham Hotspur 1-1 Leicester City, West Brom 0-4 Man City and more – as it happened Wins for Arsenal, Man City, Watford and Boro Tottenham Hotspur finished all square with Leicester Burnley escape from Old Trafford with a hard-earned point Updated Sergio Agüero celebrates scoring the opening goal for Manchester City. Photograph: Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images Barry Glendenning @bglendenning Saturday 29 October 2016 12.28 EDT Last modified on Saturday 29 October 2016 12.34 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Key events Show 12.28pm EDT 12:28 Match report: Watford 1-0 Hull City 12.26pm EDT 12:26 Match report: Middlesbrough 2-0 Bournemouth 12.20pm EDT 12:20 Match report: Sunderland 1-4 Arsenal 12.19pm EDT 12:19 Match report: Manchester United 0-0 Burnley 12.17pm EDT 12:17 Match report: Tottenham Hotspur 1-1 Leicester City 12.13pm EDT 12:13 Meanwhile in Spain ... 12.06pm EDT 12:06 And in Scotland ... Live feed Show 12.28pm EDT 12:28 Match report: Watford 1-0 Hull City Watford burst Hull City’s hopes thanks to Michael Dawson’s late own goal Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.26pm EDT 12:26 Match report: Middlesbrough 2-0 Bournemouth Gastón Ramírez’s masterpiece helps Middlesbrough beat Bournemouth Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.20pm EDT 12:20 Match report: Sunderland 1-4 Arsenal Olivier Giroud and Alexis Sánchez at the double as Arsenal ease past Sunderland Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.19pm EDT 12:19 Match report: Manchester United 0-0 Burnley José Mourinho sent to stands as Manchester United are held by Burnley Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.17pm EDT 12:17 Match report: Tottenham Hotspur 1-1 Leicester City Leicester’s Ahmed Musa strikes to frustrate blunt Tottenham Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.16pm EDT 12:16 Match report: West Brom 0-4 Manchester City Sergio Agüero hits two as Manchester City thrash West Bromwich Albion Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.13pm EDT 12:13 Meanwhile in Spain ... La Liga: Real Madrid have come from behind to beat Alaves 4-1, with Cristiano Ronaldo scoring a hat-trick despite missing a penalty. Alvaro Morato got the other one for Real, while Deyverson provided the original glimmer of hope for the hosts. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.06pm EDT 12:06 And in Scotland ... Aberdeen 0-1 Celtic, Hamilton Academical 0-1 Dundee, Inverness 3-3 Hearts, Motherwell 4-1 Ross County, Rangers 3-0 Kilmarnock, St Johnstone 1-2 Partick Thistle Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.05pm EDT 12:05 League One results Oxford United 1-2 Millwall (result), AFC Wimbledon 2-3 Bradford City, Bolton 3-1 Port Vale, Bristol Rovers 1-2 Peterborough United, Charlton Athletic 1-0 Chesterfield, Fleetwood Town 2-1 Gillingham, Northampton Town 3-2 Bury, Rochdale 1-0 Oldham Athletic, Scunthorpe United 4-1 Swindon Town, Sheffield United 2-1 MK Dons, Southend United 1-1 Shrewsbury Town, Walsall 1-1 Coventry City. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.03pm EDT 12:03 Championship results Barnsley 2-2 Bristol City, Brighton 5-0 Norwich City, Cardiff City 0-1 Wigan Athletic, Derby County 2-0 Sheffield Wednesday, Fulham 5-0 Huddersfield Town, Ipswich Town 2-2 Rotherham United, Leeds United 2-0 Burton Albion, Preston 1-2 Newcastle United, Reading 2-0 Nottingham Forest, Blackburn v Wolves (5.30pm BST) Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.01pm EDT 12:01 Full time: West Brom 0-4 Manchester City Premier League: Sergio Aguero and Ilkay Gundogan bagged a brace each as Manchester City got back to winning ways after six games without a victory. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.00pm EDT 12:00 Full time: Watford 1-0 Hull City Premier League: A Michael Dawson own goal consigns Hull City to yet another defeat and gifts all three points to Watford. Updated at 12.00pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.59am EDT 11:59 Full time: Tottenham Hotspur 1-1 Leicester Premier League:Spurs and Leicester share the points at White Hart Lane. Vincent Janssen opened the scoring for Spurs, but Ahmed Musa equalised soon after the interval. Leonardo Ulloa missed a gilt-edged chance to steal all three points for the champions with a header just before the full time whistle. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.56am EDT 11:56 Full time: Middlesbrough 2-0 Bournemouth Premier League: Gaston Ramirez and Stewart Downing wrap up the points for Boro on a fairly comfortable afternoon for the hosts at the Riverside. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.55am EDT 11:55 Full time: Manchester United 0-0 Burnley Premier League: Manchester United slaughter Burnley 0-0 and miss almost 40 attempts on goal in the process, That’s a great point for Burnley, but expect no end of whinging from Jose Mourinho in his post match press conference. He was sent to the stands at the start of the second half, while Ander Herrera also received a red card for two bookable offences. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.52am EDT 11:52 More goals in the Championship Championship: Brighton lead Norwich 5-0 at the Amex, while Preston have pulled a goal back for Preston against Newcastle. It’s 2-1 in the closing stages at Deepdale. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.50am EDT 11:50 Goal! West Brom 0-4 Manchester City Premier League: Ilkay Gundogan scores his second of the match to make it a rout at the Hawthorns, where City have scored four without reply. Ilkay Gundogan celebrates scoring his side’s fourth goal Photograph: Nick Potts/PA Updated at 12.00pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.49am EDT 11:49 Manchester United pile the pressure on Burnley Premier League: Despite being down to 10 men, Manchester United are throwing the kitchen sink, the bathroom sink and the few stadium toilet sinks that naughty Manchester City fans didn’t vandalise during the week at Burnley. They’ve had 34 attempts on goal, with Zlatan Ibrahimovic missing the latest. It remains scoreless at Old Trafford. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.45am EDT 11:45 More goals in the Championship Championship: Leeds score from the penalty spot courtesy of Chris Wood and lead Burton Albion 1-0. At Oakwell, Bristol City have taken a 2-1 lead against Barnsley, while managerless Wigan have gone a goal up against Cardiff City. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.43am EDT 11:43 Goal! West Brom 0-3 Manchester City Premier League: Ilkay Gundogan scored a third for Manchester City just before that Watford goal went in, to make it West Brom 0-3 Manchester City at the Hawthorns. Ilkay Gundogan of Manchester City scores a goal to make it 0-3 Photograph: Catherine Ivill - AMA/West Bromwich Albion FC via Gett Updated at 11.53am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.41am EDT 11:41 Goal: Watford 1-0 Hull City Premier League: A Roberto Pereyra shot goes in off Michael Dawson’s thigh to give Watford the lead over Hull City. The Watford player claims it, but it’ll be credited to Dawson, who won’t want it. Roberto Pereyra of Watford celebrates his sides first goal Photograph: Stephen Pond/Getty Images Updated at 11.54am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.38am EDT 11:38 Another goal for Brighton Championship: Glenn Murray completes his hat-trick to give Brighton a 4-0 lead against Norwich, who are getting a hiding on the south coast. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.37am EDT 11:37 Scottish Premiership latest: Aberdeen 0-1 Celtic (result), Hamilton Academical 0-1 Dundee, Inverness 3-3 Hearts, Motherwell 4-1 Ross County, Rangers 3-0 Kilmarnock, St Johnstone 1-1 Partick Thistle Updated at 11.37am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.35am EDT 11:35 League One latest: Oxford United 1-2 Millwall (result), AFC Wimbledon 2-1 Bradford City, Bolton 3-0 Port Vale, Bristol Rovers 1-1 Peterborough United, Charlton Athletic 0-0 Chesterfield, Fleetwood Town 1-1 Gillingham, Northampton Town 3-0 Bury, Rochdale 1-0 Oldham Athletic, Scunthorpe United 4-1 Swindon Town, Sheffield United 2-1 MK Dons, Southend United 1-1 Shrewsbury Town, Walsall 0-1 Coventry City. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.31am EDT 11:31 More goals in the second tier ... Championship: Lewis Dunk has headed into an empty net to put Brighton 3-0 up against Norwich City, while Derby County have doubled their lead against Sheffield Wednesday with Alex Pierce making it 2-0 to the Rams. At Deepdale, Aleksandar Mitrovic has scored his second of the day and fourth of the week against Preston to give Newcastle a two-goal cushion with 20 minutes to go. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.28am EDT 11:28 Another red card at Old Trafford Premier League: This time it’s a Manchester United player who gets his marching orders, with Ander Herrera walking after 68 minutes for his second yellow card offence. You can follow that one here ... Manchester United v Burnley: Premier League – live! Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.26am EDT 11:26 Goals flying in around the Championship ... Championship: Newcastle lead Preston 1-0 courtesy of an Aleksander Mitrovic strike just before the hour mark. Elsewhere, Fulham have scored their fourth and fifth goals against Huddersfield, with Chris Martin (not that one) scoring his second of the match from the penalty spot, before Kevin McDonald slotted home from 10 yards. At the Amex, Brighton have just doubled their lead against Norwich City, with in-form Glenn Murray getting his second of the afternoon to make it 2-0. At Oakwell, it’s 1-1 between Barnsley and Bristol City, while Reading are now two goals to the good against Nottingham Forest. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.21am EDT 11:21 Tom Heaton is playing a blinder ... Premier League: Having pulled off a remarkable double-save a few minutes ago, Burnley goalkeeper Tom Heaton is now receiving treatment after blocking a ferocious Zlatan Ibrahimovic volley with his wrist. He’s been one of the best goalkeepers in the Premier League this season. He’s fit to carry on, which is great news for Burnley. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.14am EDT 11:14 Goal: Middlesbrough 2-0 Bournemouth Premier League: Stewart Downing scores to make it 2-0 to the Boro at the Riverside, where the jig looks up for Bournemouth. Stewart Downing scores his sides second goal past Artur Boruc Photograph: Chris Brunskill/Getty Images Updated at 11.21am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.12am EDT 11:12 A red card at Old Trafford Premier League: Oh dear. Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has been sent from the touchline for excessive moaning about a penalty shout he felt should have gone his team’s way. He takes up a seta in the stands, but then moves to the directors’ box and is not a happy bunny. You can follow that one here ... Manchester United v Burnley: Premier League – live! Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.09am EDT 11:09 Rotherham lead against Ipswich Town Championship: Danny Ward score his second goal of the afternoon to put Kenny Jackett’s Millers ahead against Ipswich Town. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.07am EDT 11:07 GOAL! Tottenham Hotspur 1-1 Leicester City Premier League: Jamie Vardy pulls the ball back from the byline for Ahmed Musa to equalise for Leicester. He needed to be brave and is now lying hurt in the back of the net after getting clattered. Ahmed Musa equalises Photograph: Dan Mullan/Getty Images Updated at 11.13am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.05am EDT 11:05 Meanwhile in Spain ... La Liga: Cristiano Ronaldo has scored his second of the game to put Real Madrid 2-1 up against Alaves at half-time. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.02am EDT 11:02 Sam Lee (@Sammy_Goal) Genuinely funny from the WBA fans. Singing "we've got the ball" when in possession then switching to "we've lost the ball" when City have it pic.twitter.com/EljghHyhri October 29, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.53am EDT 10:53 And in Scotland ... Scottish Premiership: Aberdeen 0-1 Celtic (result), Hamilton Academical 0-0 Dundee, Inverness 2-1 Hearts, Motherwell 2-0 Ross County, Rangers 2-0 Kilmarnock, St Johnstone 1-1 Partick Thistle. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.51am EDT 10:51 Half-time latest ... Championship: Barnsley 1-0 Bristol City, Brighton 1-0 Norwich City, Cardiff City 0-0 Wigan Athletic, Derby County 1-0 Sheffield Wednesday, Fulham 3-0 Huddersfield Town, Ipswich Town 1-1 Rotherham United, Leeds United 0-0 Burton Albion, Preston 0-0 Newcastle United, Reading 1-0 Nottingham Forest, Blackburn v Wolves (5.30pm BST) League One: Oxford United 1-2 Millwall (result), AFC Wimbledon 1-1 Bradford City, Bolton 3-0 Port Vale, Bristol Rovers 0-0 Peterborough United, Charlton Athletic 0-0 Chesterfield, Fleetwood Town 1-0 Gillingham, Northampton Town 1-0 Bury, Rochdale 1-0 Oldham Athletic, Scunthorpe United 4-0 Swindon Town, Sheffield United 1-0 MK Dons, Southend United 1-1 Shrewsbury Town, Walsall 0-1 Coventry City. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.46am EDT 10:46 GOAL! Tottenham Hotspur 1-0 Leicester City Premier League: Vincent Janssen scores his second penalty in two games down the centre to put Tottenham Hotspur 1-0 up against the champions. Vincent Janssen scores from a penalty Photograph: Dylan Martinez/Reuters Updated at 10.52am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.44am EDT 10:44 A penalty at White Hart Lane Premier League: Tottenham Hotspur get a spot-kick after Vincent Janssen goes to ground in the penalty area. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.41am EDT 10:41 Uruguay talisman Gastón Ramírez is Middlesbrough’s man for all seasons Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.40am EDT 10:40 GOAL! Middlesbrough 1-0 Bournemouth Premier League: Gaston Ramirez scores a splendid individual goal to give Middlesbrough the lead against Bournemouth. Gaston Ramirez brings Middlesbrough 1-0 up Photograph: Ryan Browne/PA Updated at 10.51am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.37am EDT 10:37 And in Spain ... La Liga: Alaves took a seventh minute lead against Real Madrid courtesy of Deyverson, but Cristiano Ronaldo equalised from the penalty spot after 17 minutes. It’s 1-1 at the Mendizorrotza Stadium. Earlier today, Sporting Gijon and Sevilla drew 1-1 at the Escuela de Fútbol de Mareo. Atletico Madrid play Malaga later today, while Barcelona entertain Granada in the final match of the day. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.32am EDT 10:32 Fitba latest ... Scottish Premiership: Aberdeen 0-1 Celtic (result), Hamilton Academical 0-0 Dundee, Inverness 1-0 Hearts, Motherwell 1-0 Ross County, Rangers 2-0 Kilmarnock, St Johnstone 1-1 Partick Thistle. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.30am EDT 10:30 GOAL! West Brom 0-2 Sergio Aguero Premier League: The Argentinian striker whips one into the top corner from 20 yards to notch up his and Manchester City’s second against West Brom. Sergio Aguero shoots to make it 0-2 Photograph: Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images Updated at 10.36am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Premier League Championship League One League Two European club football Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Premier League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 10/29/2016 7:17 AM Why Google Fiber is no longer rolling out to new cities Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   After rolling out its Fiber product in about a dozen cities, Google is hitting pause on its project to deploy super-fast Internet across the country. The news may come as a disappointment to those who were hoping the search giant would bring competition and faster speeds to their area. So, what happened? Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg, 2014   Brian Fung The Washington Post     After rolling out its Fiber product in about a dozen cities, Google is hitting pause on its project to deploy super-fast Internet across the country. The news may come as a disappointment to those who were hoping the search giant would bring competition and faster speeds to their area. So, what happened? Here are a few explanations for Tuesday's announcement. (The company didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.) --- Financial pressure from higher-ups Like many of its siblings in the broader Alphabet family, Google Fiber is likely feeling the heat from top executives who are trying to show investors that their money is being well spent. Remember when Google restructured itself last year? The move effectively divided Google into two parts: the one that makes a lot of money -- the core business, which includes search, YouTube and many of the other consumer-facing services you think of when you think "Google"; and the one that spends a lot of money, which includes Fiber, Nest and its famous moonshot lab, X. This second half of the business has been under intense pressure to demonstrate results. That's why Astro Teller, the head of X, had to write a blog post essentially defending his department's reason to exist. It's why Google sought to spin off Boston Dynamics, which was reportedly spending too much time and money building products nobody would buy. And it's partly why there's been controversy surrounding Nest, the smart-thermostat maker. Although chief financial officer Ruth Porat cited Fiber as one of Alphabet's top performers in one of the first earnings calls after the restructuring, it seems as though no part of Alphabet has been able to escape the deeper financial scrutiny that came along with it. --- Not enough demand Just like Google Glass -- the company's ill-fated attempt to build an augmented-reality visor -- Google Fiber may be just a little ahead of its time. The thing about Fiber and businesses like it is that most consumers simply can't find a use for that much bandwidth yet. Google Fiber provides gigabit connectivity, which is orders of magnitude faster than what many Americans get in their homes today. Unless you're a corporation that operates a data center or runs a cloud computing business, you probably don't need a gigabit connection. As Vox points out, even the most data-hungry applications -- ahem, Netflix -- only require a 25 Mbps connection at the most. That's 1/40th the amount of bandwidth a Google Fiber connection provides. Our consumption of broadband is undoubtedly going to increase as we connect more devices to the Internet and those devices communicate in more sophisticated ways. But for now, Fiber is reportedly missing its subscriber goals, indicating there may not be enough demand for that level of service. --- Big incumbents made Google's job harder Google had an unenviable task in many of its chosen cities: It had to compete with large, established broadband providers who were already there or could benefit from regulations that raised the bar for new entrants. To counter the problem, Google tried something novel. It got cities to compete for Google's favor. The company basically said, "We'll come to your city if you complete this checklist of tasks that will make our lives easier." If a city proved itself worthy of Google Fiber -- by easing the permitting or construction process, for example -- then it increased the likelihood that it would be next on the list to receive Google's high-speed service. This arrangement sometimes resulted in cities doing things that the big incumbents didn't like. Louisville, Kentucky, for example, approved a city ordinance that would have let Google move cables around on utility poles that it didn't own. AT&T sued, saying the move was illegal and violated federal rules. Google responded by accusing AT&T of hindering competition. In Nashville, AT&T and Comcast have sued to defeat a similar measure. These fights are part of a larger battle among industry titans to determine how the market for broadband functions. Under one approach, it's much harder for companies like Google Fiber to get started. Under another approach, it gets easier. The problem for Google is that engaging in these fights can be a costly distraction beyond the already-substantial expense of laying down high-speed networks. --- Providing bundled TV is expensive There was another major cost Google had to account for when offering its Fiber service. Americans love their double- or triple-play bundles, which reduces the cost of buying Internet from traditional providers. To get customers to switch to Fiber, Google had to offer a compelling TV service of its own. And that meant doing all the same things a regular cable company does, such as pay channels like ESPN or HBO for their content. The cost of acquiring video content was "the single biggest impediment" to Google Fiber's wider rollout, a top Google Fiber executive, Milo Medin, told an audience in 2014. Compared to more established service providers, Medin said, Google was paying twice as much for video rights -- a cost that couldn't be avoided. --- Wireless broadband is the future Even as Google Fiber pays lots of money to lay down cables and secure access to TV programming, a different type of technology is coming down the pike: wireless fiber. In some respects, you can think of wireless fiber as similar to the 4G LTE you get on your cellphone -- it's a wireless way of getting data. But in other ways, it's a totally different ballgame. Verizon's version claims to be 50 to 100 times faster than LTE. AT&T is working on something called AirGig, which envisions a network of wireless hotspots mounted on utility poles that constantly beam out high-speed wireless signals. There are signs Google is moving in this direction, too. In June, it acquired Webpass, a provider of wireless broadband. Other acquisitions support this theory. And in its announcement Tuesday, Google Fiber said it would be looking at "new technology and deployment methods to make superfast Internet more abundant than it is today." So even if Google Fiber is on hold in its current incarnation, changes in technology may someday reduce the costs Google faces today. google-fiber Article Comments (0) Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Washington Post Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Tuesday November 15, 2016 Life & Style Technology Larger / SmallerNight Mode Web email showdown: Gmail v Outlook.com Eric Ravenscraft 25 Apr 2016, 12:30 p.m. Despite Gmail's renown as one of the best email services on the internet, Microsoft's Outlook.com has spent the last few years building itself into a competent competitor. Web email showdown: Gmail v Outlook.com Gmail has been the de facto web email standard for a long time. But is it the best? Photo: Lifehacker Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit It's hard to think about email without putting a G in front of it. Despite Gmail's renown as one of the best email services on the internet, Microsoft's Outlook.com has spent the last few years building itself into a competent competitor. In today's showdown, we put these two behemoths of email to the test. The contenders There are a ton of email services, but a few have risen to the top. After Outlook.com absorbed Hotmail, Gmail and Outlook.com became the two biggest email services on the internet, together totalling over a billion users. Their approaches to managing your email are similar, but there are some pretty distinct differences in features. Gmail: Google's been leading the game in free online email since an April Fools prank in 2004 turned out to be real. With robust filters, labels, and 15GB of space to share between various Google services, Gmail successfully made us rethink how email works. As of May 2015, Gmail had over 900m active users. Outlook.com: In 2012, Microsoft launched a new web-based version of its Outlook email client. Later, Microsoft migrated all Hotmail users to Outlook.com. The fledgling service has a ton of unique features including Clutter, email rules, and integration with Outlook calendar. Microsoft says that Outlook users are limited to 5GB of space but "this slowly adjusts or increases according to your needs." Now the service boasts over 400 million active users. Note: for simplicity's sake, we'll be calling this service Outlook throughout this article, though technically Outlook (without the .com) is the desktop app. Yes, Microsoft's names are confusing. For our comparison, we'll be looking at the apps themselves, and not necessarily the underlying service underneath. Technically, you can import Gmail messages into Outlook and vice versa, but what we're interested in is how these websites actually work in practice. Gmail set the organisation standard, but Outlook has caught up We've covered how powerful Gmail's filters are and what you can do with them so extensively that we almost take them for granted. In Gmail, you can automatically sort emails by sender, keywords in the subject line or body, attachments, and by size. You can then use those filters to automatically mark messages as read, apply labels, respond with a canned message, delete them, and more. On top of this, Gmail uses labels and stars instead of folders. You can apply multiple labels to your messages, which gives you greater flexibility in setting up exactly the kind of organisation scheme you like, and stars let you set aside the most important emails for later. You can even enable Smart Labels that Google can apply labels like Finance and Travel automatically. Gmail also uses a priority inbox system to automatically find messages it believes are important to you. Emails are deemed "important" based on who you email, which messages you open, what you interact with and other criteria. You can also manually mark an email as important to help it learn. Outlook's approach to organisation is a little more complicated. For starters, the site uses folders as the primary method for organising your messages. By default, the left-hand pane shows a list of default folders, and you can create your own to organise your messages. You can pin emails so they remain at the top of a folder which is sort of but not exactly like Gmail's stars. Outlook also has a feature called Clutter that finds emails you probably don't care about and moves them to a separate Clutter folder. This lets you focus on your important messages and clear out the junk in one sweep. You can also add categories to your email, which function much like labels do. You can add categories and use those as criteria for rules (more on those in a second). However, by default, Outlook doesn't show you your categories in the navigation pane. To see any categories, you have to navigate to Options > Layout > Categories and manually pick which categories are shown. On the one hand, this makes it hard to clutter up your inbox unless you choose to — in contrast, Gmail shows all labels unless you specifically hide them — but on the other, it was a pain to even find the option. Similarly, Outlook's filter counterparts are called Rules (a term borrowed from the desktop version of Outlook). When you're viewing an email, you can create a Rule to filter messages like it. Otherwise, Rules are once again buried in Outlook's Options menu. They have many of the same options as Gmail's filters, but they're not quite as robust. For example, you can't automatically send a canned response based on a filter. However, for most situations, Rules and filters are pretty comparable. Outlook has a streamlined interface, but Gmail has several layouts to choose from I'm really excited about emailing myself. Google famously likes to play around with Gmail's interface, so you have a few different options to choose from. Most recently, Google introduced a tabbed inbox view that sorts your email into categories including Social for messages from social networking sites, Promotions for advertisement emails, and Updates for auto-generated emails like order confirmations or bills. For some, this was a godsend. Others wanted to turn it off immediately. On top of that, Google's also experimenting with Inbox, a third alternative interface for Gmail. Inbox treats your email more like a to-do list where you mark each message as "Done" rather than as "read." You can snooze emails until later and bundle related messages together. Between Inbox, Gmail's tabbed inbox, and the normal priority inbox interface, you have many options for choosing how to present your email. Gmail also has a ton of tweaks hiding in the Labs section of its settings. Here you can enable a ton of useful tweaks like a dedicated Mark as Read button, a Preview pane so you can read emails without leaving your message list, and canned responses. While many of these features are awesome tweaks that not everyone may want, some are also basic features that you probably shouldn't have to hunt down to enable in 2016. Outlook on the other hand uses a basic three panel design and sticks with it. On the left side, you can click on different folders and categories to navigate. In the middle panel, you'll see a list of emails in that folder. Click an email and you'll be able to read it in the third pane on the right. For anyone who's used an email client that isn't Gmail, it should look very familiar. Outlook doesn't have as many options for customising its interface in major ways as Gmail, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. You can still tweak the basics like where your display pane shows up, or what order messages appear in a conversation. Finally, both Outlook and Gmail have ads, though they appear in very different ways. In Gmail, you'll see a couple of ads that look like regular emails under the Promotions tab. You can avoid them by turning off the promotions tab, disabling the tabbed inbox altogether, or using Inbox. In Outlook, the ads are full banners on the side of the screen. The only way (aside from ad blockers) to disable them is to pay $26/year for Ad-free Outlook. The silver lining, though, is that Microsoft promises Outlook won't scan your email to target ads. Gmail has a few bonus tricks, Outlook has a whole store of them No email client is an island. Google and Microsoft have a ton of other products built directly into their email client that make them pretty powerful. For simplicity, we'll only include the services that you can use without actually having to leave your Gmail or Outlook tabs directly. However, each company has quick shortcuts to tons of their other products, so part of your decision may be determined by which apps you use regularly every day. In Gmail, Hangouts lives as a panel on the right side of the screen. Every chat you open will appear along the bottom of your window. You can minimise them while you're checking your email and pop them open to reply to messages. You can also open a Tasks window that lives next to your open conversations so you can create a basic to-do list throughout the day. You can set due dates and provide descriptions for each task, but that's about it. In the Labs section, you can enable a mini-calendar widget so you can see a very abbreviated view of your agenda for the day. That's about all you can add to Gmail without downloading extensions to add services on top. In Outlook, you can use Skype for messaging just like Hangouts in Gmail. There's also a Tasks section you can open from the shortcut menu in the top-left corner of Outlook. Unlike Gmail's mini-Tasks widget, you can provide a ton more details for your tasks, including hours worked, set reminders for a task, and attach files from OneDrive to a task. On top of this, Outlook has a bunch of add-ins that expand your inbox's functionality. For example, you can open the Boomerang add-in to set a reminder to come back to an email after a few hours or days. You can open the Evernote add-in to save an email to one of your notebooks. There are over 100 more add-ins in the Office Store that can add new features to Outlook. The verdict: Gmail's friendly to power users, Outlook is awesome for office workers In the past, Gmail was the de facto standard for how to manage your email online. While Microsoft has done well with Outlook on desktops, it's only in recent years that its web email products have caught up. Now, it's a toss up as to which one is better, but each has their strengths. If you like endlessly tweaking or experimenting with your email setup, Gmail is for you. Google has not shied away from bold and controversial new designs that change how you use email. Sometimes those experiments work, sometimes they don't, and everyone has their preference. Even if you're not a fan of change, Gmail's foundation of powerful filters, customisable labels, and automatic sorting is solid and allows a ton of room for tweaking your inbox to bend it to your will. Outlook, on the other hand, is perfect for anyone who likes a streamlined workflow or uses a lot of professional productivity apps. Outlook puts the most relevant, important buttons right where you can see them and lets the power users go digging for options if they really want to. It also has deep ties not only to the rest of Microsoft's Office apps, but plugins like Boomerang, Evernote, and more. While Google's no slouch in the productivity department, Microsoft's Outlook feels the most at home in an office setting. Lifehacker Australia is your expert guide on how to get things done and do everything better. The story Web email showdown: Gmail v Outlook.com first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News Pokolbin woman in Christchurch earthquake | PHOTOS Sydney crime figure Pasquale Barbaro shot dead in Earlwood street Malcolm Turnbull turns attack on ABC and the 'elite media' for distracting people Police raids in Gillieston Heights and Rutherford | Photos Quake leaves communities stranded Editor's Picks High Street Maitland Woolworths reunion | gallery Springfest returns Saturday | PHOTOS Council buys five properties wiped out in super storm | PHOTOS, VIDEO New Maitland hospital to be built and run by private sector Levee arch closer to reality | PHOTOS Popular High Street Maitland Woolworths reunion | gallery Roos behind fences during Great Race Get on the buses to avoid any problems Done just in the nick of time Road safety a top priority Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Pokolbin woman in Christchurch earthquake | PHOTOS A former Pokolbin woman was caught in the Christchurch earthquake which struck on Monday morning. Police raids in Gillieston Heights and Rutherford | Photos Police operations, including riot police and dog squad, at Gillieston Heights and Rutherford. Fairfax Front Pages: Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Today's Fairfax front pages from across the nation. DERBY ON TRACK More than 50 skaters will hit town this Saturday night for the Nightmare Before Christmas roller derby extravaganza ... Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2016. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Rural Sport Local Sport NRL Tournaments Cricket HQ Footy HQ Sport TV AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Competitions Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features eEdition Lower Hunter Star Local Business Feature Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Ag and Rural Celebrations Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Technology Business Politics World Breakingviews CyberRisk Election 2016 Health Watch Most Popular Innovations More Videos Most Popular Elements of Trump's "temperament" won't serve him well: Obama - 01:16 Eastern Aleppo - a city in ruins - 00:53 Trump's choice of Bannon draws outrage - 02:04 House back in session after "contentious" election - 01:46 New oil low despite Libya's troubles - 02:23 U.S. Bank's Eric Wiegand on the post-Trump victory rally - 04:27 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year - 00:53 Straw poll at Harry's Bar in Paris weighs in on next U.S. president - 01:20 Reflection "healthy" for Democratic party: Obama - 01:28 Julian Assange questioned by prosecutor at Ecuador's embassy in London - 01:19 Filmmaker Michael Moore visits Trump Tower - 01:26 Obama: no comment on Trump appointments - 01:44 U.S. Week Ahead: Big S&P 500 names tamp down earnings hopes Friday, April 06, 2012 - 02:46 April 6 - Big S&P 500 companies are warning investors not expect too much from earnings reports next week. Thomson Reuters analyst Jharonne Martis says Alcoa and SUPERVALU are likely to miss estimates. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Here -- -- US week ahead huge giants they're at least reporting earnings next week. On Thursday we'll hear from Google analysts expect earnings per share nine dollars 64 cents an increase from a year ago. Investors paying close attention to what Google says about ad rates and are looking for more details on its mobile business. As well how will you against FaceBook which is set to go public next month. JPMorgan Chase is also releasing results analysts are expecting earnings to drop to a dollar fifteen share. To our big S&P 500 companies out key ally and Supervalu are also reporting next week. And Thomson Reuters analyst around artists as investors will likely be disappointed. According to -- my Smart -- the meant a concept of value are very likely to miss their earnings estimate and posting negative surprise. Other companies are also warning investors that analysts. Not to expect much from them because of the three main reasons slower global economic growth. Less favorable exchange rates and higher commodity fuel and energy prices. Other companies reporting after the long weekend include industrial supply company that's now and banking -- Wells Fargo. The devil's in the details or is so they believe over the Atlanta fed which is host a conference about financial reform. And shows the Dublin details combination for its official name. The most prominent guest Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke. He's giving a keynote speech on Monday evening participants are going to discuss financial markets and housing. We get a glimpse of how the economy is doing and the Federal Reserve issues that they spoke on Wednesday which is an economic health check of the twelve. Federal Reserve districts. And a gaggle of fed speakers will try to enlighten us about their views on that policy. A week after fed minutes said further stimulus was not likely sending markets into a dive. Among the speakers Federal Reserve vice chair Janet Yellen Minneapolis fed president Mary -- -- -- at coda. Dallas as Richard Fisher Kansas City fed president asked George and -- -- -- president Dennis Lockhart. We'll get some important economic data at the end of next week that could shine some light on inflation. US producer prices come out on Thursday and are expected to rise three point 1% less from the prior month. That consumer prices come out on Friday there are also expected to show less than an increase and the month earlier. In other economic data coming up next week we also have initial claims international trade and the Reuters University of Michigan consumer sentiment index. I'm Rhonda schaffler this writers. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/1qYB5dm <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=232975646"></iframe> Close U.S. Week Ahead: Big S&P 500 names tamp down earnings hopes Friday, April 06, 2012 - 02:46 Top News » Elements of Trump's "temperament" won't serve... 5:17pm EST - (1:16) Julian Assange questioned by prosecutor at... 1:49pm EST - (1:19) Obama: no comment on Trump appointments 4:34pm EST - (1:44) Reflection "healthy" for Democratic party:... 4:22pm EST - (1:28) Obama: Trump is committed to NATO 4:08pm EST - (1:15) House back in session after "contentious"... 2:59pm EST - (1:46) Obama says ready to accelerate "smooth... 3:55pm EST - (1:28) Republicans attribute "unprecedented success"... 2:14pm EST - (1:11) Conway denies any extremist influence on Trump... 12:36pm EST - (1:19) U.S.-Australia asylum seeker deal to provide... 12:05pm EST - (1:23) Breakingviews TV: A competent cabinet 12:24pm EST - (3:16) Brush fire threatens L.A. neighborhood 10:42am EST - (0:50) Democratic party needs "profound change":... 10:33am EST - (1:44) "Deal maker" Trump could be good for U.K.,... 9:01am EST - (0:46) Forget politics; Supermoon lights the way in... 8:03am EST - (1:21) New Zealand quakes causes billions in... 5:39am EST - (1:27) Dog yoga record broken in Japan 5:40am EST - (1:01) Swedish prosecutor arrives at Ecuador embassy 5:43am EST - (0:47) Violence erupts after Mexican priest kidnapped 5:39am EST - (1:00) Supermoon appears in Australia 4:56am EST - (0:59) Burn not bury when it comes to trash in China 1:03am EST - (1:26) Group hug helps overcome U.S. election... Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (0:56) Trump picks Priebus as White House chief of... Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (1:04) India raises cap on cash withdrawals to ease... Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (1:05) Anti-Trump protesters march in Hollywood Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (0:45) Migrant Crisis » Migrants and police scuffle at border between... 12:30pm EST - (0:45) No way out: angry migrants seek relief Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:05) Almost 700 migrants arrive in Italy following... Mon, Nov 07, 2016 - (0:39) Italian coastguard rescues migrants Sun, Nov 06, 2016 - (0:58) Italian coastguard rescues 130 migrants in... Sat, Nov 05, 2016 - (0:43) Last child migrants leave Calais camp Wed, Nov 02, 2016 - (1:10) France moves Calais child migrants, row with... Wed, Nov 02, 2016 - (1:20) Pope Francis praises secular Sweden over... Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:13) Pope Francis greets faithful in Sweden Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:14) Boat migrants face permanent Australia visa... Sun, Oct 30, 2016 - (0:58) As 'Jungle' camp disappears, Calais ponders... Sat, Oct 29, 2016 - (1:02) Paris reports rise in migrant rough-sleepers Sat, Oct 29, 2016 - (1:23) Iraqi refugee children dream of going to... Fri, Oct 28, 2016 - (0:48) France and Britain argue over Calais minors Fri, Oct 28, 2016 - (0:50) Celebrations at sea; rescued migrants dance... Thu, Oct 27, 2016 - (0:58) Afghan musicians caught in wave of... Thu, Oct 27, 2016 - (1:49) Refugees return home to Myanmar Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (1:01) Mediterranean migrant drownings on the rise:... Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (1:01) Rescue at Sea Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (0:55) Pope urges "solidarity" for migrants and... Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (1:18) Calais 'Jungle' camp tents set ablaze Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (0:40) Flames leap from 'The Jungle' Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (1:05) The Jungle burns in Calais Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (1:03) Over 300 migrants hoping to reach Italy... Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (0:58) The end of 'The Jungle' Tue, Oct 25, 2016 - (1:31) Editors' Picks » Eastern Aleppo - a city in ruins 9:14am EST - (0:53) American Apparel files for second bankruptcy... 10:51am EST - (0:53) British man sets off on swim across the... 8:47am EST - (0:49) Paris attacks remembered one year later Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (1:24) Left must hold Trump accountable: Sanders Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (1:47) China economy threatened by household debt 6:43am EST - (1:39) Sting reopens Bataclan one year after Paris... Sat, Nov 12, 2016 - (1:32) Fire threatens homes near Sydney Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (0:48) Remains of Peru massacre victims returned Sat, Nov 12, 2016 - (0:48) Filmmaker Michael Moore visits Trump Tower Sat, Nov 12, 2016 - (1:26) Hundreds join Walnut the whippet's last walk Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (0:50) Robert Redford announces retirement from... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:06) France gears up for Paris attacks anniversary Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (0:49) No way out: angry migrants seek relief Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:05) Delayed by wildfires, WorldView-4 satellite... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:00) Spray print app makes everyone an artist Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:55) 'Sha-la-la-la-la' for Philippines' Duterte and... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (0:49) Leonard Cohen dead aged 82 Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (1:01) Philippine and Malaysian leaders let loose... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:04) New wave of protests sweeps U.S. Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:19) Displaced Iraqi children get mobile school bus Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (0:44) Clashes on the streets in Chile Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (0:51) Millions rush to cash in large notes at Indian... Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (2:03) Scientists edit genome to cure sickle cell... Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (1:48) Mars show home goes on display at observatory Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (1:28) Innovations » Turning urine into biogas 10:11am EST - (2:09) Spray print app makes everyone an artist Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:55) Scientists edit genome to cure sickle cell... Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (1:48) Paralyzed primate walks again after... Wed, Nov 09, 2016 - (1:56) Grow food at home from plant cells Mon, Nov 07, 2016 - (1:35) Stopping drug resistant organisms Mon, Nov 07, 2016 - (2:03) 'Blue blood' bid to encourage DNA screening Sun, Nov 06, 2016 - (1:32) Bolivian llama conservation efforts pay... Sun, Nov 06, 2016 - (1:38) ROLI's touch-responsive tech presents a new... Fri, Nov 04, 2016 - (2:29) Delft designers hope for drone take-off Fri, Nov 04, 2016 - (2:13) Entertainment » 'School of Rock - The Musical' opens in London 5:18pm EST - (2:13) Models with Down Syndrome team up with... 3:35pm EST - (1:21) Disney releases "Beauty and the Beast" trailer 11:42am EST - (2:03) South Korean actors talk "Legend of the Blue... 10:34am EST - (1:09) Aerosmith to say "Aero-Vederci" with European... 8:07am EST - (0:57) Duke of Cambridge presents theatre award 7:41am EST - (0:48) Sting reopens Bataclan one year after Paris... Sat, Nov 12, 2016 - (1:32) Filmmaker Michael Moore visits Trump Tower Sat, Nov 12, 2016 - (1:26) Robert Vaughn dies at 83 Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (0:56) Robert Redford announces retirement from... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:06) The Classic Rock Roll of Honour Awards moves... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:17) Canada mourns Leonard Cohen Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (0:44) The cast of "Fantastic Beasts" attend the... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:20) Warren Beatty film return in "Rules Don't... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:50) Why Ang Lee chose 'Billy Lynn' to showcase new... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:43) Amy Adams talks 'Arrival's awards buzz Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:31) Leonard Cohen dies at age 82 Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:05) Leonard Cohen dead aged 82 Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (1:01) Robert De Niro reacts to Trump as US president Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (1:25) J.K. Rowling hopes Harry Potter fans embrace... Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (1:42) Liam Neeson visits Syrian refugee camp as... Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (0:56) Mars show home goes on display at observatory Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (1:28) Brad Pitt back on red carpet for 'Allied' Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (1:50) Pussy Riot song portrays Trump presidency Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (1:26) Francis Ford Coppola comments on old... Wed, Nov 09, 2016 - (1:59) Rough Cuts » Elements of Trump's "temperament" won't serve... 5:17pm EST - (1:16) Video shows air strike in Damascus, Syria 3:12pm EST - (1:17) Obama: no comment on Trump appointments 4:34pm EST - (1:44) Reflection "healthy" for Democratic party:... 4:22pm EST - (1:28) Obama: Trump is committed to NATO 4:08pm EST - (1:15) House back in session after "contentious"... 2:59pm EST - (1:46) Obama says ready to accelerate "smooth... 3:55pm EST - (1:28) Models with Down Syndrome team up with... 3:35pm EST - (1:21) Republicans attribute "unprecedented success"... 2:14pm EST - (1:11) Disney releases "Beauty and the Beast" trailer 11:42am EST - (2:03) Conway denies any extremist influence on Trump... 12:36pm EST - (1:19) Brush fire threatens L.A. neighborhood 10:42am EST - (0:50) Democratic party needs "profound change":... 10:33am EST - (1:44) Eastern Aleppo - a city in ruins 9:14am EST - (0:53) "Deal maker" Trump could be good for U.K.,... 9:01am EST - (0:46) Fists fly in Ukrainian parliament 8:48am EST - (1:03) Forget politics; Supermoon lights the way in... 8:03am EST - (1:21) Dog yoga record broken in Japan 5:40am EST - (1:01) Swedish prosecutor arrives at Ecuador embassy 5:43am EST - (0:47) Supermoon appears in Australia 4:56am EST - (0:59) Magnificent lights over Sweden likely caused... Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (1:06) Supermoon rises in Spain Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (1:00) Anti-Trump protesters march in Hollywood Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (0:45) Two killed as powerful earthquake hits New... Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (1:26) Trump's Chief of Staff pick 'imminent' says... Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (0:52) Moving Pictures » Images of October (graphic images) Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:06) Images of September Fri, Sep 30, 2016 - (0:59) How to talk to black children about police... Fri, Sep 23, 2016 - (1:50) Images of August Thu, Sep 01, 2016 - (0:59) Venezuela's state of misery Wed, Aug 03, 2016 - (2:06) Images of July Fri, Jul 29, 2016 - (1:01) The interfaith memorial for Dallas police... Tue, Jul 12, 2016 - (1:27) Images of June Wed, Jun 29, 2016 - (1:49) Images of May Wed, Jun 01, 2016 - (1:00) The last Republican standing Wed, May 04, 2016 - (1:00) Images of April Mon, May 02, 2016 - (1:00) Afghanistan's first female orchestra Mon, Apr 18, 2016 - (0:45) Images of March Fri, Apr 01, 2016 - (1:31) Who has nuclear weapons? Fri, Apr 01, 2016 - (0:44) What America really thinks about torture Wed, Mar 30, 2016 - (1:37) A floating school for a slum on stilts Fri, Mar 18, 2016 - (0:54) Thirst for clean water Fri, Mar 18, 2016 - (0:57) World recognizes International Women's Day Tue, Mar 08, 2016 - (1:23) Images of February Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:00) What makes a city a great place to live? Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:05) Girls train to box their way to glory for... Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:04) What's so super about Super Tuesday? Mon, Feb 29, 2016 - (1:06) The road to Super Tuesday Sun, Feb 28, 2016 - (1:00) FIFA rogue's gallery Fri, Feb 26, 2016 - (1:10) A history of the Oscars' best actors Fri, Feb 26, 2016 - (0:21) Pope Francis makes headlines Thu, Feb 25, 2016 - (0:46) Assange’s lawyers call for court to overturn... Mon, Feb 22, 2016 - (1:18) London Fashion Week Mon, Feb 22, 2016 - (0:46) Will Blatter’s ban be lifted? Tue, Feb 16, 2016 - (1:30) New York Fashion Week: The Shows Mon, Feb 15, 2016 - (0:51) Zika can’t stop carnival Thu, Feb 11, 2016 - (1:07) Who is John Kasich? Thu, Feb 11, 2016 - (0:59) Washington’s baby panda scales tree Wed, Feb 10, 2016 - (0:18) All eyes on the New Hampshire primary Mon, Feb 08, 2016 - (1:49) Images of January Fri, Feb 05, 2016 - (1:00) Zika virus transmitted in U.S. Fri, Feb 05, 2016 - (1:23) Reuters Investigates » Special Report: Brennan ushers in sweeping... Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (2:15) Chinese high-rollers play 'shill' game in... Thu, Sep 29, 2016 - (2:19) W. Virginia weathers fallout from coal... Fri, Aug 05, 2016 - (2:04) Reuse and abuse: How Asia’s test-prep centers... Mon, Mar 28, 2016 - (3:02) SPECIAL REPORT: Flint-like dangers in private... Thu, Mar 10, 2016 - (2:34) A drug epidemic’s most vulnerable victims Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:58) ‘When you’re using, you think it’s OK’ Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:20) A baby in withdrawal Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (0:35) ‘I was in labor, in the bathroom, shooting... Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (3:53) Al-Qaeda detainee alleges CIA sexual abuse Tue, Jun 02, 2015 - (2:09) Pesticideland Thu, Apr 02, 2015 - (2:32) Israel's fastest-growing minority threatens to... Mon, Nov 24, 2014 - (24:41) How elite corporate lawyers dominate the U.S.... Fri, Dec 05, 2014 - (3:17) Where the sea is closing in Thu, Nov 20, 2014 - (3:41) "You just can't beat the ocean": Watching the... Thu, Sep 04, 2014 - (8:11) Re-homing victim: "I could have been dead" Wed, Feb 19, 2014 - (8:24) Cops and loggers in the Amazon rainforest Fri, Jan 10, 2014 - (4:02) Billions in Pentagon spending down a black... Thu, Nov 14, 2013 - (4:37) The economic empire behind Iran's supreme... Mon, Oct 14, 2013 - (2:16) "Passed around like a dog" Thu, Aug 29, 2013 - (6:32) Adopted, then abandoned online Thu, Aug 29, 2013 - (13:22) How the DEA keeps its secrets secret Mon, Aug 05, 2013 - (1:37) An inside look at the Taliban's bankers -... Wed, Dec 12, 2012 - (5:20) How education lost its role as the great... Mon, Dec 17, 2012 - (7:53) Jihad Jane: From abused child to American... Sat, Dec 08, 2012 - (10:02) Dateline Asia » Household debt a growing risk to China's... 5:47am EST - (2:14) Fire fight: China's war on megatons of trash 4:03am EST - (2:14) Alibaba's Singles Day sales break $5 billlon... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (2:08) Militants attack German consulate in... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:55) Millions rush to cash in large notes at Indian... Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (2:03) Asia casts a wary eye over Trump's America Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (2:07) Prisons overflow as Duterte's drugs war... Wed, Nov 09, 2016 - (1:57) India's capital city chokes on smog Tue, Nov 08, 2016 - (1:54) U.S. elections and the trouble with North... Mon, Nov 07, 2016 - (2:00) China moves to bar Hong Kong lawmakers from... Mon, Nov 07, 2016 - (1:54) How will the next U.S. president handle China? Mon, Nov 07, 2016 - (2:11) S. Korea's Park apologizes for 'heartbreaking'... Fri, Nov 04, 2016 - (2:07) Emerging market risk runs high on U.S.... Fri, Nov 04, 2016 - (1:57) Duterte slams U.S. for suspending arms sale Thu, Nov 03, 2016 - (2:06) China lets Filipinos fish around disputed... Thu, Nov 03, 2016 - (1:53) Diplomats investigate abuse reports in Myanmar Wed, Nov 02, 2016 - (2:05) Volvo rolls out factory expansion in China Wed, Nov 02, 2016 - (2:17) New MH370 report says no one was at controls Wed, Nov 02, 2016 - (2:09) China unveils flashy new stealth fighter Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:58) Shakeup at Tata Group shocks India Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:56) Global investors jolted out of pre- U.S.... Mon, Oct 31, 2016 - (1:55) Chinese President Xi Jinping gets a promotion Fri, Oct 28, 2016 - (1:47) Trump's campaign shocks women in Asia Thu, Oct 27, 2016 - (1:54) Note 7 recall shock sinks Samsung profits Thu, Oct 27, 2016 - (1:49) Activists: Free the 'world's saddest polar... Thu, Oct 27, 2016 - (1:54) After massive hack, Chinese firm issues recall Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (1:54) Chaos reigns in Hong Kong's legislature Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (1:42) EXCLUSIVE: What's next in Duterte's drug war Tue, Oct 25, 2016 - (1:55) Chinese investor buys 25 % of Hilton Hotels Tue, Oct 25, 2016 - (1:51) India's 'Dalit Queen' rises to challenge Modi Tue, Oct 25, 2016 - (1:57) U.S. diplomat looks for answers in the... Mon, Oct 24, 2016 - (1:25) Ex-banker denies murder charges in Hong Kong Mon, Oct 24, 2016 - (2:05) Duterte's big talk puts Japan in an awkward... Mon, Oct 24, 2016 - (2:06) Tranquil Taiwan becomes Asia's expat oasis Mon, Oct 24, 2016 - (2:01) EXCLUSIVE: Vatican in final push for China... Fri, Oct 21, 2016 - (2:10) China's 'democracy village' chief loses court... Thu, Oct 20, 2016 - (1:59) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Locality World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# demonetization War on Black Money Donald Trump Narendra Modi Bigg Boss 10 Home Sci/Tech AI can now invent new forms of encryption Google is experimenting with neural networks that could help identify new, more secure forms of digital communication. Shares22 DNA Web Team | Sat, 29 Oct 2016-05:33pm , Mumbai , DNA webdesk Google teaches their artificial intelligence to create new types of cryptography, and protect itself from eavesdropping One of the primary requirements in any online communication is keeping the transmission secure: that is, only the person to whom the information is sent to should be able to read it, and nobody else. To accomplish this, digital data is encrypted using one of several complex techniques. To further this research, Google recently conducted an experiment where they set up an interesting three-way challenge that involved artificial intelligence. The experiment was conceptualized by the Google Brain team based out of their Mountain View headquarters (which is different from their DeepMind team, known for creating the AlphaGo AI supercomputer that famously defeated the world champion Go player.) The setup was simple: they began by creating three simple neural networks--AI implementations that can ‘learn’ based on experience. Two of these, nicknamed Alice and Bob, were tasked with sending a secure message where Alice was the sender and Bob the recipient. The third, Eve, had to attempt to ‘eavesdrop’ and decode the message by any means possible--basically, a hacking experiment that pitted AI against AI. The communicators Alice and Bob had the advantage of having the shared key that would be used to both encrypt and decrypt the message--a common technique used in the real world, commonly known as symmetric cryptography or shared secret encryption. Because a third party--Eve, in this case--does not have access to this key, it would not be generally possible to decrypt the message. Being neural networks, each of these elements were left to ‘find their own way’--nothing was defined beforehand. The first two, Bob and Alice, were left to choose the best possible encryption method before sending the message. The endpoint to this ‘game’ would be when Eve the ‘hacker’ was able to guess the original text to within an acceptable degree. What then transpired was a cat and mouse chase involving key generation, where Alice would encrypt the original plaintext message that Bob would be successful at decrypting, when during the time Eve would try to intercept it and guess the decryption key. While the results were too varied to be conclusive as to which AI won and lost, it became clear that the neural networks were capable of inventing altogether new types of algorithms for encrypting communications on their own. Such experiments could aid future AI systems to make better analyses of large amounts of data and communications traffic. DNA Web Team TOP TOP < Lodha recommendations could leave Sharad Pawar-led MCA with no choice   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Scientists create new smartphone app for early autism detection Sci/Tech Genes may be behind your 'salty tooth': Study Sci/Tech Google Pixel XL Review: A brush with perfection Sci/Tech Google Pixel allegedly hacked in mere 60 seconds! Sci/Tech Google celebrates children's day in India by showcasing 6th grader's sketch on its homepage Sci/Tech The correct way to shoot a supermoon using your smartphone Next Article > Muslim women feel secure under Sharia law: AIMPLB < Previous ArticleNext Article > Lodha recommendations could leave Sharad Pawar-led MCA with no choice Next node Muslim women feel secure under Sharia law: AIMPLB Related dna Tech Reads: From new emojis to world's biggest dinosaur robots dna Tech Reads: From truth behind new Rs 2,000 note to Facebook's Snapchat-like app for developing countries dna Tech Reads: From tiniest drone in the world to supercomputer that may unveil mysterious dark matter Video Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! Watch | 'There will be Kashmir but not Pakistan': Indian soldier's poem goes viral View all Tags Artificial Intelligence (AI) Neural Networks Google Google Brain DeepMind AlphaGo encryption Cryptography SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Demonetization: PM Modi says he has given sound sleep to poor, opposition calls it 'economic anarchy' Hate crimes against Muslims in USA up by 67% in 2015: FBI Indian naval patrol team intercepts boat with 2 armed men after tip off Bangladesh announces bounty for Hindu temple attackers Govt will reintroduce compulsory class X board exam for CBSE schools from 2017-18: Javadekar Sport Oscar Pistorius moved to different prison to aid rehabilitation Ranji Trophy: Jaggi, Kishan slam tons as Jharkhand amass 458 for 7 Mauresmo stands down as France Fed Cup captain Condition of Pune shooting range saddens Heena Sidhu South Africa's football coach suspended after insulting officials Entertainment Did you know? Alia Bhatt was punished for sleeping in school washroom Bigg Boss 10: Monalisa, Lokesh, Karan Mehra and Rahul Dev get nominated for eviction this week! Here's how Varun Dhawan celebrated Children's Day Whoa! Baahubali is now a graphic novel! Watch: The magical trailer of 'Beauty and the Beast' is here! Money Tata-Mistry row: No unanimous support to Mistry from Tata Motors' independent directors US announces clean energy projects worth Rs 645 crore in India Demonetization: RBI announces new steps to decrease cash crunch War on black money: RBI asks banks to waive ATM charges till December 30 RCom Q2 net profit falls 80% to Rs 39 crore Partner site: Zee News ©2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Please enter your login details    Comment   Forgot password? Rewards Sunday Times The Times LIVE Sites Sowetan LIVE Sunday World BDlive Books Live Other Times Media Titles Search   JOBS   m.timeslive.co.za Times LIVE Scientists develop new type of HIV test on a USB stick Climate change affects nearly all life on Earth SUBSCRIBE AM PM Marketing News South Africa Africa World Hope dies: Sad end for baby rhino who survived poaching attack Hope‚ the baby rhino who captured the heart of millions around the world after she was horribly maimed in a botched poaching attempt in the Eastern Cape‚ has died. SAHRC takes Limpopo education department‚ ex-principal to equality court for 'humiliating and harrassing' transgender pupil Oscar Pistorius moved to 'special needs' prison Man nabbed for possession of dagga worth R219 000 UJ prof speaks out against police presence on campuses Limpopo teacher of almost 20 years in hot water over 'fake' degree Woman awarded R6.8 million after being raped‚ stabbed repeatedly by man on bail Boko Haram leader warns Trump 'war has just begun' The leader of the jihadist group Boko Haram has reacted to the election of Donald Trump to the White House with a warning that "the war has just begun" against the West. Drought-hit Zimbabwe farmers look to science to save crops Zimbabwe drops charges against Cecil the lion hunter Despite progress, measles kills 400 children a day - WHO Kenya withdraws first batch of troops from UN South Sudan mission Silence on DRC army sex charges Trump likely to be indifferent to Africa Giant safety arch begins sliding over Chernobyl A giant arch shielding radioactive waste from the 1986 Chernobyl nuclear disaster began sliding into place Monday with a mission of keeping the site safe for generations to come. Obama on farewell tour to Europe fearful of 'Trump effect' New Chinese home for 'world's saddest polar bear' Hand grenade drone adds to IS arsenal around Mosul Heavy pollution shuts schools in Iran's capital 'Utter devastation' after major quake, aftershocks hit New Zealand Trump firm on agenda but says Americans have nothing to fear Politics Politics Elections Maimane to lay charges against Zuma over 'state capture' Democratic Alliance (DA) leader Mmusi Maimane says he will lay criminal charges against President Jacob Zuma on Tuesday for his alleged role in state capture in South Africa. Summit to place Limpopo land claim communities under spotlight Opposition parties‚ NGOs using student protests to push regime change agenda: Mahlobo Could Julius Malema be SA's next president? Liquor bill submissions deadline extended again EC municipality to probe how officials blew a whopping R4bn Violent protests must be combated: State Security Minister Jesus in Joburg‚ or will the ANC pull a rabbit out of a hat? - Twitter ponders mayoral race Some expected the return of the Messiah. Some saw magic being used to prevent that happening. Tau vs Mashaba – who will be Joburg’s next mayor? DA's Athol Trollip elected Nelson Mandela Bay mayor despite ANC disruptions ‘Change has come to Nelson Mandela Bay‚’ PE mayor-to-be Trollip Radio stations in the dog box over airing of political ads Collapsed #CoalitionTalks get raised in Twitter conversation Holomisa says electorate has instructed ‘all political parties to urgently converge under one roof’ Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Golf Tennis Motor Sport Olympics More Sport Chiefs vs Sundowns showdown set to steal the spotlight from Bafana Bafana Bafana‚ pugnacious Shakes Mashaba and Tuesday’s friendly in Maputo might still be toping the local footballing agenda but with Mamelodi Sundowns and Kaizer Chiefs up against each other in just a matter of days‚ that list of priority interests is set to change... Da Gama's temporary appointment follows tradition of Bafana caretaker coaches Beckham still cringes when he sees photos of the cornrows he had when he met Mandela Troubled Bafana now turn their attention to neighbours Mozambique Bafana Bafana coaches have a long history of talking their way into trouble Bus was parked but it was ready to go - Freese Bafana escape Congo threat in Afcon Springbok coach Allister Coetzee defends Pieter-Steph du Toit Springbok coach Allister Coetzee will be able to backtrack on the experiment of playing Pieter-Steph du Toit at flank due to the concussion that rules Eben Etzebeth out of this weekend’s clash against Italy. All eyes on the Wallabies England end 10-year wait against woeful Springboks England coach Jones bullish about success against the Springboks Boks need direction, Italy divine help Coetzee bulks up for England Test Coetzee comfortable with transformation of the Springbok team to face England Aussies fight back despite fine SA bowling Steady batting in the face of quality bowling helped Australia fight back on the third day of the second test against South Africa at Bellerive Oval in Hobart on Monday. Abbott keeps SA on top at tea Former Proteas opener Alviro Petersen suspended over match-fixing allegations Star-studded Senegal will pose formidable threat to Bafana's World Cup hopes Philander won't take credit for fine bowling performance SA on top but Philander flattened SA ahead at stumps on feverish first day Flawless Wang takes the lead at Nedbank Challenge in Sun City South Korea's Jeunghun Wang blazed a trail with an eight under par 64 to grab a three shot lead after the third round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge on Saturday. Flawless Wang surges ahead at Nedbank Challenge in Sun City Swede Noren takes the lead at the Nedbank Golf Challenge Zanotti creates history with first-ever hole-in-one at Nedbank Golf Challenge Stenson breathing down leaders' necks Nedbank Golf Challenge leader board marked by international flavour at the top on day one Coetzee battles uncooperative winds to make a breezy start to the Nedbank Golf Challenge Murray takes world number one spot from Djokovic after Raonic walkover Britain's Andy Murray became the new world number one on Saturday after Milos Raonic withdrew from their Paris Masters semi-final with injury. Murray's charge lights Novak's fuse Free pass Andy Murray to face Jo-Wilfried Tsonga for Vienna title Kuznetsova takes game by the hair Djokovic meltdown a signal? Djokovic gives up on Fed's record Maria Sharapova can play again in April after ban reduced by nine months Nico Rosberg pips Lewis Hamilton in final Brazil GP practice Championship leader Nico Rosberg kept title rival and Mercedes team mate Lewis Hamilton off the top of the timesheets in Saturday's final practice for what could be a decisive Brazilian Grand Prix. Verstappen berated for ramming Rosberg Dovizioso pips Rossi for maiden victory in wet Malaysia Ariba! Lewis wins Mercedes Formula One team member robbed at gunpoint Ecclestone suggests walls on track corners One champion crashes, another soars SA Paralympic star contemplates life away from competitive swimming after Dubai offer Three-time Paralympic Games swimming medalist Kevin Paul will be shifting focus after claiming gold in Rio recently. Teenage Paralympic silver medalist Ntando Mahlangu sees himself as 'just another kid' 'SAA wouldn't let me fly with my prosthetic leg' - Paralympic medallist Tyrone Pillay Five great quips from 'Father Christmas' Mbalula at SA Paralympians' arrival Rio Paralympics 2016 closing ceremony Van Dyk sixth in marathon as Team SA’s 2016 Games come to an end Rio Paralympics says 'mission accomplished' as Games close Gold medal winner Mokoena nearly quit Khotso Mokoena, the Commonwealth Games triple-jump champion, has admitted he nearly quit the sport after losing his mojo. Hard ride puts extra bronze in medal bag Bernie pays big to walk Master 'N Commander to boss them Payoff for speedsters Wayde up against Bolt and Mo Day etched on Chicago's south, north memory Entertainment Entertainment Competitions Fake Kelly Khumalo pregnancy causes a stir A satire news site has caused a stir after claiming that Kelly Khumalo is pregnant with fellow musician Khaya Mthethwa's child. Twitter is a mixed bag over Gareth Cliff Idols resignation Tina Jaxa confirms she is a sangoma - reports Huh? R1,200 for a Dr Malinga jumpsuit SNAPS: Booty and boobs! Buhle's racy week in Miami Single again! Lalla confirms split from hunky personal trainer No deal! Prince's estate rejects R500 million plus Jay Z bid Are you up for the challenge? You could win a Toyota Fortuner 4x4 If you’re a 4x4 fan, listen up: you could compete in this year’s Toyota Fortuner 4x4 Challenge and drive away with a brand-new Toyota Fortuner 2.4 GD-6 Manual valued at R454,000. Finders Keepers is back. Winner gets R1m Life & Style Life & Style Family Food IgnitionLive Books LIVE In Your Corner Understanding Africa’s diverse gene pool can help fight lifestyle diseases Africa is home to about 16% of the world’s population. That’s 1.2 billion people. Bulk of world's child deaths in just 10 countries: study How to give purpose to your brand and business Vitamin B12 deficiency in pregnancy could raise type 2 diabetes risk for children, study finds Study links low vitamin D levels to increased bladder cancer risk Women’s cancers: curable for the rich, often a death sentence for the poor Explainer: the how, what and why of the latest HIV vaccine trial TB treatment's high success rate hailed as 'breakthrough' A new treatment for drug-resistant tuberculosis patients, that reported a success rate of 82 percent in a study, has been hailed as a "breakthrough" at a medical summit in Britain. Pregnancy: link established between gestational diabetes and depression 'Heart attack risk is highest in Gauteng‚ lowest in Limpopo' The heritage of hair: stories of resilience and creativity Breakthrough rhinoplasty procedure could mean nose jobs are performed using ultrasound Spring Jump Off to hit Tshwane showgrounds Safe sex for 6 months after visiting Zika-hit areas: WHO 6 clever cooking tips we learnt from watching Nigella on MasterChef I'm wearing something stretchy so I can eat a lot, the Domestic Goddess declared when she joined the judges on MasterChef Australia Season 8 for Nigella Week. Why restaurateurs are flocking to Melville Jozi restaurant champions the 'social grazing' food trend 3 festivals worth visiting in the Cape winelands 'The Great SA Bake Off': Matthew’s almond & rooibos apple rose tart recipe Chef bites: George Calombaris tells us why he loves visiting SA It's official: wine tastes better with cheese, say scientists Consumer Live Consumer Live Costly insurance error Can the bank that is financing your car impose an insurance policy on you, and debit your bank account for it? Watchdog has 'sell-by' issues VW, Woolworths tops list for best customer service in SA Do you know how to keep your customers happy? Awards to laud SA companies with the best service Beware of food fraud Keep consumer flag flying Network caught in lie Motoring Motoring Porsche to stretch the appeal of the Panamera in LA German sportscar company Porsche confirmed that a new long wheelbase version of its executive sedan is making its global debut at the LA motor show on November 18. 11 ways to stay afloat in a flash flood 5 things you need to know about the new VW Golf 7 The Alfa Romeo Giulia scoops Most Beautiful Car of 2016 award WATCH: Watch what happens to a Renault Kwid when it crashes at 64km/h Mini unveils its first plug-in hybrid model Mercedes-Benz reveals new luxury bakkie - and its coming to SA Sci-Tech Scitech Cheaper‚ faster internet reaching more South Africans‚ study finds Internet access reached 52% of South Africa's 55-million population in 2015‚ up from 49% in 2014. 2016 'very likely' hottest year on record: UN Skygazers gear up for extra bright 'supermoon' The Nintendo Wii turns 10 years old Zuckerberg among Facebook users mistakenly declared 'dead' Turning diamonds’ defects into long-term 3-D data storage Six stunning pictures from the Kruger National Park SUNDAY TIMES iLIVE iLIVE Is virtual child porn illegal? Technology has made it possible to create an alternative world – a virtual reality – where we can build cities, fight dragons or steal cars. Uber upset raises major concerns about the industry: iLIVE Thabo Mbeki's full letter on Zuma, Nkandla and the Constitutional Court Young pioneers back calls for action against Zuma and ANCL - read the full letter Read Mmusi Maimane's full speech calling for the impeachment of President Jacob Zuma MPs guard their positions by being loyal to party instead of Constitution: iLIVE I'd like to challenge Ziyana Lategan's open letter: Prof Mandla Makhanya - iLIVE     Latest previous next Fake Kelly Khumalo pregnancy causes a stir Chiefs vs Sundowns showdown set to steal the spotlight from Bafana Da Gama's temporary appointment follows tradition of Bafana caretaker coaches Dads and moms in line for 10 days 'parental leave' Giant safety arch begins sliding over Chernobyl Oscar Pistorius moved to 'special needs' prison Maimane to lay charges against Zuma over 'state capture' Beckham still cringes when he sees photos of the cornrows he had when he met Mandela Cheaper‚ faster internet reaching more South Africans‚ study finds CPUT exams postponed after petrol bomb attack UCT rapist gets 9 life sentences Forget packing, renting clothes could be the next big travel trend Woman awarded R6.8 million after being raped‚ stabbed repeatedly by man on bail Boko Haram leader warns Trump 'war has just begun' Advertising watchdog orders MTN to withdraw misleading smartphone claim Mother burnt‚ home gutted as petrol bombs fly in fight over land Summit to place Limpopo land claim communities under spotlight Opposition parties‚ NGOs using student protests to push regime change agenda: Mahlobo 10 epic wildlife photos from the Kruger Park that'll blow you away Hawks close in on maths paper leak culprits Obama on farewell tour to Europe fearful of 'Trump effect' Burkina Faso shaping up to be potential threat to Bafana's World Cup hopes New Chinese home for 'world's saddest polar bear' Twitter is a mixed bag over Gareth Cliff Idols resignation 5 Peppermint Crisp dessert recipes that'll make your mouth water Tina Jaxa confirms she is a sangoma - reports Could Julius Malema be SA's next president? Huh? R1,200 for a Dr Malinga jumpsuit Liquor bill submissions deadline extended again Badly behaved teachers are smacking students and each other EC municipality to probe how officials blew a whopping R4bn Tue Nov 15 02:17:36 SAST 2016 Steamed up over digital kettle Home Sci-Tech Article Google tries new approach with voice on Pixel phone REUTERS | 2016-10-29 13:55:31.0 The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco, California. Image by: BECK DIEFENBACH / REUTERS About six months ago, people working on hardware and the voice-activated Google Assistant for the Pixel phone started sitting next to each other at the company's Mountain View, California headquarters, hammering out minute details of its first phone. Save & Share Tweet Email Print The new seating arrangement illustrated a much larger shift underway at Alphabet's Google, which crashed Apple's smartphone revolution eight years ago by giving away its Android software and letting handset makers do the rest. Google software now runs on 85% of the world's smartphones, but as voice control threatens to replace touch as the primary means of using a hand-held device, the company is experimenting with a different approach — more akin to Apple's tight integration of hardware and software. The Pixel's hardware and Assistant teams gather for happy hour every Friday and have already received a prototype for the camera on next year's phone, said Brian Rakowski, vice president of product for Google's Android operating system. The town that's got everything - except people  Their ambition: to make the company's voice-powered digital assistant better than rivals such as Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana. "We really wanted the Assistant on the phone to feel like a natural extension of the ways you ask Google for information," Rakowski said in an interview. Leaf from Apple's book The fusion of hardware and software is key to that goal. Certain specifications are crucial for a high-performing assistant, such as a well-placed microphone and a powerful processor to crunch reams of data. Creating an app isn't enough; that requires a few clicks for users to get to it. Great Wall of Africa on the cards  The hardware and software teams worked closely on details such as the graphics that appear when users call up the assistant, settling on a flurry of colorful dots, which Rakowski called a "whimsical touch to give a little bit of life to the home button." The Assistant is always at the ready on the Pixel phone and can be summoned by pressing the home button or saying the words "OK Google." By integrating the Assistant into the Pixel, Google "doesn't have to do negotiations with another handset maker — they can make it as tight as they want," said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, which offers a digital assistant by the same name. Google revives good landline  To make sure users get the best possible experience, the Assistant will live only on Google products such as the Pixel, at least for now. In the long term, however, it is unclear whether Google will keep it that way, or return to its original phone strategy and try to push the product out to the millions of smartphones running on other manufacturers' Android phones, at the risk of offering a slightly lower-quality experience. Rakowski said making sure the Assistant works well on other phones would require a close level of integration with handset makers, beyond the typical work that happens on the Android operating system. Apple's privacy stance starting to eat into its bottom line  "We want all these features of the Assistant to work well and work quickly and be nicely integrated so it gives the right idea of what the Assistant can do," he said "We don't want it to feel limited or bolted on in any way." He admits it could be challenging to execute the Assistant on some current Android phones. "You can't do some of the always-on 'OK Google' detection on some phones because they don't include the right hardware to do that," he said. "In some cases, the microphone is not in a great position." WhatsApp dumps BlackBerry  Samsung going it alone? Whatever Google decides, there are already some signs that its Assistant may not be welcome on all Android phones. Samsung Electronics, the world's top selling smartphone maker and the leading Android manufacturer, recently acquired Viv Labs, an artificial intelligence startup founded by the creators of Siri, and plans to weave the assistant into its phones. Having already ceded their operating systems to Google, Android manufacturers may be reluctant to delegate the digital assistant as well, people in the industry said. "If we get to the point where the face of the brand is the assistant itself, that is totally a differentiator," said Babak Hodjat, co-founder of artificial intelligence company Sentient. "They will be relegated to just pushing hardware." There’s an app to make you 'shark smart' in Cape Town  Google is coy about its plans. "Over time, we want to bring the Assistant to as many people as possible," Steve Cheng, product management director for the Assistant, said in an interview, without giving details. Analysts expect that eventually Google will try to make money by taking a share of transactions brokered by the Assistant — such as when a user buys flowers from a store the Assistant just located. Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai appeared to hint at that possibility during the company's earnings call on Thursday. Google adds fact-checking to news articles  "The Assistant team talked about conversational actions as a way by which we can integrate third parties into the voice experience," he said. But he did make clear, whether on its own or others' hardware, the shift from touch to voice-controlled assistants presents a prime opportunity for Google. "As we went from desktops to mobile, it's not like one replaced the other... It expanded the pie," he said. "I approach this the same way." Share Tweet SHARE YOUR OPINION If you have an opinion you would like to share on this article, please send us an e-mail to the Times LIVE iLIVE team. In the mean time, click here to view the Times LIVE iLIVE section. Most Popular Today This Week 1 There's an 'extra-super' moon on the rise - but will we see it in South Africa? 2 Skygazers gear up for extra bright 'supermoon' 3 Cheaper‚ faster internet reaching more South Africans‚ study finds 4 Six stunning pictures from the Kruger National Park 5 Watch: Momma rat battles a snake to rescue her son 1 There's an 'extra-super' moon on the rise - but will we see it in South Africa? 2 WATCH: Iguana's heart-thumping flight from army of snakes the stuff of nightmares 3 WATCH: Lion attacks riders on horseback safari 4 WATCH: Snake on a plane a first-class surprise 5 WATCH: Lions attack hippo, hippo attacks Land Rover Read more popular stories WATCH: Ostriches mate in front of tourists (warning - this video may be NSFW) Watch: Momma rat battles a snake to rescue her son Cheaper‚ faster internet reaching more South Africans‚ study finds WATCH: Snake on a plane a first-class surprise Zuckerberg among Facebook users mistakenly declared 'dead' Sponsored Links Main Menu News Politics Business Entertainment Life & Style Sci-Tech Consumer Live Sport Food iLive Our Network Rand Daily Mail Sowetan LIVE Sunday World Books LIVE BDlive Times Media LIVE Social Network Facebook Page Twitter Pinterest Instagram Online Services Advertise Online Competitions Mobile RSS Feeds Syndication Print Services Advertise In Print Subscription Services e-Paper Ezines Skills Development SA Schools Collection Professions and Projects Celebrating Women Banker SA African Leader SA Mining Built Empowerment Sunday Times Green Contact Us Contact Details Other Site Map Terms & Conditions Ethics Policy Register of Interests TL BEE Credentials Times LIVE © Tue Nov 15 02:17:36 SAST 2016 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. X
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Yandex Gains After a Strong Quarter Despite Losing Market Share The Russian internet search leader might be losing its edge to Big G, but a strong quarter and guidance increase has investors happy right now. Steve Symington (TMFSymington) Oct 29, 2016 at 7:00AM Image source: Yandex N.V. Yandex N.V. (NASDAQ:YNDX) released a better-than-expected third-quarter report on Thursday, and shares climbed 5% as a result. Let's have a closer look at how the Russian internet search leader kicked off the second half of the year. Yandex results: The raw numbers  Metric Q3 2016 Actual Q3 2015 Actual Growth (YOY) Revenue 19.29 billion RUR 15.44 billion RUR 25% Adjusted net income 3.79 billion RUR 3.51  billion RUR 8.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted) 11.61 RUR 10.89 RUR 6.6% Data source: Yandex N.V. *Figures in Russian rubles. YOY = year over year.  What happened with Yandex this quarter? Revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs -- which Yandex likens to sales commissions -- increased 28% year over year, to 15.56 billion RUR. Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization grew 14% year over year, to 6.02 billion RUR. Shares of the Russian search market, including mobile, averaged 55.9% during the quarter, down from 57% and 57.6% in the second and first quarters of this year, respectively. According to Yandex management, this decline came primarily as Android market share fell slightly on a sequential basis given increased activity from Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google on its own applications through notifications other similar mechanisms. Desktop represented around 70% of total search traffic during the quarter, with a market share in Russia steady at around 64%. Mobile represented 30% of search traffic in Q3, with overall search share in the low 40% range. The difference here, according to Yandex management, is "mainly due to limited distribution opportunities on android and iOS mobile platforms." Search queries in Russia increased 5% year over year. Top-line gains were broad-based as usual, including: 21% growth in search and portal revenue, to 17.48 billion RUR. 45% growth in e-commerce revenue, to 1.2 billion RUR. 151% growth in taxi revenue, to 587 million RUR. 45% growth in classifieds revenue, to 352 million RUR. 98% growth in "experiments" revenue, to 210 million RUR, driven by media segments including KinoPoisk, Yandex.Radio, Yandex.Music, Yandex.Tickets, Yandex.Afisha, and Yandex TV programs. Total advertising revenue rose 22% year over year, to 18.44 billion RUR, representing 95.6% of total revenue. That figure includes: a 21% increase in revenue from Yandex websites, accounting ofor 70% of total revenue. 27% growth in ad network partner revenue, to contribute 26% of total revenue. "Other" revenue climbed 130% year over year, 853 million RUR, primarily driven by Yandex.Taxi. Aggregate paid clicks increased 12% year over year. Average cost per click increased 10% year over year. Regarding Yandex's antitrust complaint against Google, Yandex reminded investors that the Federal Anti-Monopoly Service (FAS) issued a decision to Google to cease anti-competitive practices last year, followed by another positive ruling upholding that decision two quarters ago. But after a hearing in August, with which Yandex says the "FAS ruling came into force," Google still hasn't "implemented the FAS prescription." As such, according to Yandex chief operating officer Alexander Shulgin, "FAS opened an administrative investigation, considering Google's noncompliance was zeroed in." Shulgin further promised Yandex is monitoring the situation and will update investors as it changes. What management had to say "Revenue and EBITDA continued to grow strongly in Q3, boosted by innovation on our advertising platform," added Yandex CEO Arkady Volozh. "We see new opportunities in our geolocation services to drive revenues from our maps and navigation products." Shulgin added that Yandex achieved this growth while making large investments in its fastest-growing business units. In particular, Yandex is aggressively working to expand its Taxi market position and is accelerating Yandex.Market's transition to a cost-per-action model after "encouraging market tests." Looking forward As such, Yandex once again raised its full-year guidance and now anticipates that 2016 revenue will grow 22% to 24% year over year, up from previous guidance for 19% to 22% growth over 2015. In the end, Yandex's continued market share declines and legal struggles with Google notwithstanding, this was another strong quarter featuring broad growth across Yandex's portfolio of businesses. And assuming Google does formally comply with the FAS ruling, as Yandex expects it will, it should leave the company much better poised to reclaim some of the share it has lost on Big G's Android platform. So while I think investors would be wise to continue closely watching that situation as it unfolds, it was no surprise to see shares of Yandex up nicely following this report. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Steve Symington has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares) and Alphabet (C shares). The Motley Fool recommends Yandex. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Steve Symington (TMFSymington) As a technology and consumer goods specialist for the Fool, Steve looks for responsible businesses that positively shape our lives. Then he invests accordingly. Enjoy his work? Connect with him on Twitter & Facebook so you don't miss a thing. Follow @TMFSymington Article Info Oct 29, 2016 at 7:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $753.22 down $-18.53 (-2.40%) Yandex NASDAQ:YNDX $17.81 down $0.90 (-4.81%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $736.08 down $-17.94 (-2.38%) Read More Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Disaster: Apple Inc. May Not Be the Biggest Winner Will Google Design Its Own Smartphone Processors? Here's All the Hardware Google Debuted This Week Now That Google Makes Phones, Are Smartwatches Next? Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Alphabet Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Breaking News CNN Toggle Search Search Election Results Nation World Our Team CNN.com <div class="banner" id="cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0_banner"><span id="cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" class="_fwph"><form id="_fw_form_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" style="display:none"><input type="hidden" name="_fw_input_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" id="_fw_input_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" value="ptgt=s&envp=g_js&w=300&h=250&slau=300x250_sync&adUnit=300x250_sync"></form><span id="_fw_container_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" class="cn-shingle__ad"></span></span></div> Is this the email that hacked John Podesta's account? By Gregory Krieg and Tal Kopan, CNN Updated 8:19 AM ET, Sun October 30, 2016 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Clinton calls FBI director's actions unprecedented Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Clinton calls FBI director's actions unprecedented 00:57 Story highlights Clinton campaign staffers believed attempted hack email was "legitimate" Cybersecurity experts see direct link to Russian cyberespionage group (CNN)A phishing email sent to Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta may have been so sophisticated that it fooled the campaign's own IT staffers, who at one point advised him it was a legitimate warning to change his password. The stolen email thread, released by WikiLeaks Friday, also provides the most direct evidence yet that the Russian government was behind the damaging hack into the Clinton campaign, according to a private cybersecurity company. The thread shows a Clinton campaign staffer writing that a phishing email sent to Podesta's Gmail account on March 19, 2016, is "legitimate," though the staffer advises him to go through Google's official procedures to update his password. It's not clear if Podesta gave hackers his password before he was advised by his staff, or if the email in question was the one that led to the hack. The Clinton campaign has not commented directly on the hacked emails and CNN cannot independently verify their authenticity. On its face, the source of the potentially dangerous email is Google, but a closer look at the actual mailing address shows an unfamiliar or bogus-looking account: "no-reply@accounts.googlemail.com." Read More The subject line warns, "Someone has your password" and the body of the message says "someone" in Ukraine tried, but was stopped, from signing into Podesta's account. "You should change your password immediately," the email warns. The words "CHANGE PASSWORD" then appear -- inviting Podesta to click on them -- as a way to do just that. But the address did not link to a secure Google web page, instead directing the user blindly via bit.ly, a service used to shorten or conceal web addresses. According to the cybersercurity company SecureWorks, the link used in the Podesta email was clicked two times. If his information was entered into a form on the landing site -- potentially run by a hacker -- the floodgates could have opened right there. Podesta was not the only Clinton campaign staffer targeted, SecureWorks found. "We saw 108 email addresses targeted and we know that 20 of the links that were sent to those individuals were clicked," Phil Burdette, a senior security researcher at the firm, told CNN on Friday. There were 213 similar bit.ly links created, he said, but because there were duplicates it is likely the same accounts received multiple phishing messages. It is unclear if anyone else targeted entered their information. The Russian connection The US government has pinned other cyberattacks targeting Democratic groups -- including the summer's hack of the Democratic National Committee -- on the Russian government, though it has not yet accused Moscow of the Podesta hack. Moscow has denied involvement. SecureWorks, however, says Friday's email thread provides proof of Russia's involvement in the Podesta hack. The group points to evidence that "Fancy Bear" -- the name of the cyberespionage group also believed to have carried out the allegedly Russia-led DNC hacks -- was involved in the Podesta thefts. "Fancy Bear" is a nickname for one of the Russian military-intelligence hacking groups that were discovered in the DNC's servers. Other cyberfirms have corroborated these findings, as has the US government. SecureWorks has linked the bit.ly account used in the Podesta phishing attack to "Fancy Bear." WikiLeaks has denied working with the Russians, though the group won't reveal its sources for the material it releases. Don Smith, the director of cyberintelligence at SecureWorks, said historically, the targeting of the bit.ly campaign appears aimed at military attaches in Western embassies, in addition to dissidents in Ukraine and Georgia and journalists outside Russia. But the phishing operation retrained its focus in March 2016, he said, employing the same tactics in an effort to breach the DNC and Clinton campaign staff email. "You don't have to think very hard to determine it was one of the Russian intelligence agencies," Smith said. Content by LendingTree Rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr). See if you're eligible Reverse mortgage: Worth the risk? Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Vets could receive up to $42k with these VA benefits These 4 balance transfer credit cards could help you save big Paid partner content 10 mind-blowing credit cards charging 0% interest until 2018 NextAdvisor $69* + U.S. fare sale into march, one way Travelzoo 4 home technology essentials Wallpaper A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card NextAdvisor $2199: Caribbean 7-nt cruise w/$400 credit & air Travelzoo Sections Election Results Nation World Our Team Follow us CNN.com © 2016 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines
CLOSE Home Latest News Pakistan World Technology Sports Style Amazing Blogs Urdu Videos Home Latest News Pakistan World Technology Sports Style Amazing Blogs Urdu Videos Home Technology Gadgets Google’s new approach with voice on Pixel phone Technology Gadgets Latest News Top Stories Google’s new approach with voice on Pixel phone By Web Desk - October 29, 2016 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter LONDON:  About six months ago, people working on hardware and the voice-activated Google Assistant for the Pixel phone started sitting next to each other at the company’s Mountain View, California headquarters, hammering out minute details of its first phone. The new seating arrangement illustrated a much larger shift underway at Alphabet Inc’s Google, which crashed Apple Inc’s smartphone revolution eight years ago by giving away its Android software and letting handset makers do the rest. Google software now runs on 85 percent of the world’s smartphones, but as voice control threatens to replace touch as the primary means of using a hand-held device, the company is experimenting with a different approach – more akin to Apple’s tight integration of hardware and software. The Pixel’s hardware and Assistant teams gather for happy hour every Friday and have already received a prototype for the camera on next year’s phone, said Brian Rakowski, vice president of product for Google’s Android operating system. Their ambition: to make the company’s voice-powered digital assistant better than rivals such as Apple’s Siri and Microsoft Corp’s Cortana. “We really wanted the Assistant on the phone to feel like a natural extension of the ways you ask Google for information,” Rakowski said in an interview. – Reuters SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Web Desk TAGS Google Google Assistant Google Pixel Google's new approach with voice on Pixel phone Pixel Pixel phone NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Latest News Wasim Akram mother’s residence robbed Web Desk - November 14, 2016 Japanese researchers discovers diabetics treatment November 14, 2016 Pakistan vs New Zealand Test to go ahead after earthquake November 14, 2016 Australia vs South Africa 2nd Test Day 3 full highlights November 14, 2016 Watch how Pakistan Army kills Indian soldiers at LoC November 14, 2016 What time is the Supermoon 2016 in US? November 14, 2016 Best time to see supermoon 2016 in UK November 14, 2016 Pakistan witnesses glimpse of supermoon 2016 November 14, 2016 Comilla Victorians vs Dhaka Dynamites Live Stream November 14, 2016 Monal sued for PKR 3 Million for order delay November 14, 2016 You May Also Like Youtube Downloader Youtube Downloader Developer - June 1, 2016 Previous News October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Popular News Thenewstribe Update: Top Five Stories of last week September 12, 2015 Rawalpindi Board Matric result 2016 announced July 20, 2016 Inquiry of motorway incident underway: ISPR September 12, 2016 When Fawad Khan proposed Sonakshi in IIFA Awards July 26, 2016 Links Home Latest News Pakistan World Technology Sports Style Amazing Blogs Urdu Videos ABOUT USTheNewsTribe.com is the largest independent and bilingual news website in Pakistan, Middle East, UK and United States. Contact us: [email protected] FOLLOW US Policies Disclaimer Advertisment Cookies Use Site Map Contact Us Jobs default HomePage – Default © All rights reserved. Powered By: Wishtehar
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! Google Offers $50 Gift Cards to Some Customers Who Pre-ordered the Pixel Phones GO $50 Google Play store credit for missed delivery window Oct 29, 2016 10:54 GMT  ·  By Andrei Vlad  ·  Share:  Google is among the many companies that can't cope with the increased demand for its products. It happened with just about every Nexus smartphone released in the past, and it's happening with the Pixel/Pixel XL as well. While the smartphones are still available for purchase, it usually takes a few weeks for a Pixel phone to reach its owner from the moment it was ordered. Apple has the same issue with the iPhone 7 Plus and Samsung had to gradually release the Galaxy Note 7 globally to handle the distribution of the phablet. The good news is Google really wants to take care of its fans who already pre-orderd the Pixel/Pixel XL, but have yet to receive it. One particular customer posted on Reddit the message he got from Google saying that he's going to receive a $50 Google Play store credit since the company missed the delivery window. Other customers who pre-ordered either of the two Pixel smartphones confirmed they were notified about the $50 gift card and the fact that it represents compensation for the missed delivery window. The Pixel family It's unclear whether this offer is only available in the United States, but most of those who received the gift cards pre-ordered their Pixel phones directly from Google's Play store and the delivery window was missed by at least 1 day. The $50 gift card is quite a lot for Google Play store where apps and games are usually free or much cheaper than iOS apps/games. Luckily, the $50 credit card applies to in-game purchases as well, which makes it even more valuable. You can read below the message received by many customers who pre-ordered the Pixel/Pixel XL and received $50 Google Play credit. Hello there, Thank you for your recent purchase on Google Store. We’re really excited for you to experience our new products, but we have some not-so-great news: It’s going to take a little longer for you to receive your package than we expected. We know this can be frustrating, but the good news is that we’ve shipped your order and it’s on its way. You should’ve already received a shipment confirmation email from us. We’re also going to send you a $50 Google Play credit via email soon after your package is delivered. Again, we’re so sorry — and thank you again for your order. Sincerely, The Google Store Team     CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #Pixel XL#Google Play#gift card#Pixel phone#Google Pixel subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Google Pixel May Have Bluetooth Pairing Issues with Vehicles Google's Pixel Phone Is 50% Off at T-Mobile Google Posts Video on Switching from an iPhone to a Pixel Bootloader on Google Pixel Phone Sold Through Verizon Has Been Unlocked OnePlus 4 Rumors Suggest Mind-Blowing Specs: 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 CPU Pregnant Woman Suffers Second-Degree Burns After Falling Asleep on iPhone 7 Google Pixel Gets Hacked in Less than One Minute, Apple's Safari in 20 Seconds Microsoft Officially Announces Visual Studio for Mac darktable 2.2 to Be a Major Release with RAW Overexposure Indication, New Tools Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Vivaldi 1.5 Web Browser Up to RC State, Fixes H.264 and MP3 Support for openSUSE Salix Xfce 14.2 Live Edition Released, It's Based on Xfce 4.12 & Slackware 14.2 2 photos    Google Pixel & Pixel XL New Android APKs Wire APK: Updated November 14th, 18:30 GMT Hub Keyboard APK: Updated November 14th, 18:29 GMT VICE APK: Updated November 14th, 15:05 GMT NHL APK: Updated November 14th, 15:01 GMT BBC iPlayer APK: Updated November 14th, 14:59 GMT LinkedIn APK: Updated November 14th, 14:53 GMT Trip Tracker APK: Updated November 14th, 14:35 GMT Reader comments Samsung Announces Android 7.0 Nougat for the Galaxy S7/S7 edge more on: Samsung Galaxy S7 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Home Auto Gadgets Hardware Internet IT Science Software Blogs Polls Submit News Gadgets Jam-On with the Google Jamboard Elroy Bethell - October 29, 2016 5:00 AM Print Recipient E-mail Sender E-mail Jamboard  (Source: Google) Google’s new Jamboard is a digital whiteboard targeted at business users. This cloud-based touchscreen monitor is ideal for video conferencing and collaboration with remote users across Google’s G Suite apps. Jamboards will start shipping sometime in mid-2017. The Jamboard by Google is a 55-inch digital whiteboard that is a true competitor to Microsoft’s Surface Hub. Devices like the Jamboard and Surface Hub are primarily for business interactions and not intended to be used as personal devices.   Photo Source: Google   Jamboard features a 4K display, integrated speakers, HD camera and WiFI. The Jamboard has an assortment of ports which include HDMI 2.0, USB Type C, USB 3.0, a Sony/Philips Digital Interface Format audio connector, and an Ethernet input.   Photo Source: Google  Google’s digital whiteboard comes with a variety of productivity tools like sticky notes and stencils, along with handwriting and shape recognition. The Jamboard comes with two stylus pens and a digital eraser allowing users to write and erase content like they would on a classic whiteboard. It will also be able to sense if you are using your finger to erase content off the digital whiteboard.    Introducing Google Jamboard   Jamboard can read up to 16 simultaneous finger touches allowing users to work together on projects using Google’s suite of cloud applications and services. Google Hangouts can bring up to 10 users together for video conferencing and sharing of information from Google Docs, Sheets, Slides and Forms. You can even pull content directly from the web and place on the board. According to Google project manager TJ Varghese, “Jamboard raises the bar on collaborative creativity.”       Google Jamboard   Microsoft Surface Hub   Price $6,000 $8,999 Display 55-inch 55-inch Refresh rate 60 Hertz 120 Hertz Resolution 4K 60fps refresh rate HD 30fps refresh rate Camera One Webcam 1080P @ 60 f Two HD Cameras 1080p @ 30fps Inputs 16 Touches at Once 100 Touches at Once “So far we have not seen a single Android device that does not infringe on our patents." -- Microsoft General Counsel Brad Smith Latest Headlines Black Friday is Ahead. What do You Have in Mind? November 7, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Big Solar Panels Over The Roof Again Thanks to New Technology November 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Do You Know What Products Apple Made Decades Ago? November 4, 2016, 5:30 AM What will be the next iPhone display? And what else at CES 2016 November 1, 2016, 5:35 AM What do you know about Google Pixel XL? October 30, 2016, 2:03 AM Hidden Features of the Google Phone October 27, 2016, 5:05 AM More Headlines Most Popular ArticlesUTHealth Clinical Trial Shows Progress Using Stem Cells to Treat Traumatic Brain Injury November 8, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Big Solar Panels Over The Roof Again Thanks to New Technology November 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Ergonomic Mice: 3M vs J-Tech November 8, 2016, 6:00 AM Uber Partners with Circulation to Pilot Program Connecting Transportation and Digital Health Care November 6, 2016, 5:00 AM Ultimate GPUs - 3 Under $300.00 November 7, 2016, 1:00 AM Latest Blog Posts Points to Consider when Buying Your New PC – Window 10 PC Buying Guide Saimin Nidarson - Nov 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Google’s Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones have a Bug Saimin Nidarson - Nov 13, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Latest Announcement Saimin Nidarson - Nov 12, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Free Lunch Saimin Nidarson - Nov 11, 2016, 1:00 AM Are you tried of Google tracking you? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 10, 2016, 2:34 AM Antibody May Promise Zika Vaccine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Samsung is Back in the News Again Saimin Nidarson - Nov 7, 2016, 1:00 AM What are the benefits of a solar panel roofing system and how it works? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 6, 2016, 6:00 AM PolyMet Wants Build Copper Mine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Paying Your Metro Transit Fare Got Easier Saimin Nidarson - Nov 4, 2016, 5:15 AM Xiaomi Launched Mi Air Purifier Pro in China Saimin Nidarson - Nov 3, 2016, 4:31 AM A Car Mechanic Repaired a Helicopter Saimin Nidarson - Nov 2, 2016, 2:00 AM Wells Fargo after damaging its reputation and taking over the customer’s accounts wants to be trusted again!!! Saimin Nidarson - Nov 1, 2016, 9:46 AM World News, Ceta Signing was Cancelled: Saimin Nidarson - Oct 31, 2016, 1:45 AM What Would You Do for A Free iPhone7? Elroy Bethell - Oct 30, 2016, 1:00 AM Airline Flight Catches Fire Saimin Nidarson - Oct 29, 2016, 1:17 AM From Time to Time, The Unbelievable and Unimaginable Happens!!!! Saimin Nidarson - Oct 28, 2016, 4:56 AM Key EpiPen Competitor Out in 2017 At ' Very Low' Cost Saimin Nidarson - Oct 27, 2016, 5:30 AM Researchers use CRISPR to Accelerate Search for HIV Cure Saimin Nidarson - Oct 26, 2016, 5:00 AM More Blog Posts Copyright 2016 DailyTech LLC. - RSS Feed | Advertise | About Us | Ethics | FAQ | Terms, Conditions & Privacy Information | Kristopher Kubicki
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu CRYPTOBOTS Google taught artificial intelligence to encrypt messages on its own Written by Dave Gershgorn Obsession Machines with Brains October 29, 2016 Bots behind the cryptographic wheel. (Adam Foster/ CC BY 2.0) Share Written by Dave Gershgorn Obsession Machines with Brains October 29, 2016 A team at Google has built a system to show that artificial intelligence can build its own form of encryption. While not very complex currently, this research could set the table for encryption that gets stronger as hackers attempt to crack it. To see if the artificial intelligence could learn to encrypt on its own, the AI researchers at Google Brain, a unit of the search company focused on deep learning, built a game with three entities powered by deep neural networks: Alice, Bob, and Eve. Alice was designed to send an encrypted message of 16 zeroes and ones to Bob, which was designed to decrypt the message. The two bots started with a shared key, a foundation for the message’s encryption. Eve was placed squarely in the middle, intercepting the information and attempting to decrypt it as well. To avoid Eve working out the encryption, Alice started transforming the message in different ways, and Bob adaptively learned how to shift his decryption to keep up. The researchers measured Eve’s success by how close it got to the correct message, Alice’s by whether Eve’s answer was further from the original message than a random guess, and Bob’s by whether he met a certain threshold for arriving at the right answer. The three networks were designed as generative adversarial networks, meaning they weren’t taught anything about encryption or shown examples of encrypted and decrypted messages. They learned by trying to outsmart each other. Bob, in red, quickly adapted to learn new encryption while Eve, in green, was unable to keep up. (Google) For the first 7,000 messages, Alice and Bob started out simply. Alice’s encryption was easy for Bob to figure out, but that meant it was easy for Eve to guess as well. But over the next 6,000 messages, Alice and Bob devised a kind of encryption that Eve simply couldn’t crack. Bob was able to reliably decrypt the message with no errors, while Eve consistently got seven or eight of the 16 characters wrong. Since the answers were either a zero or one, Eve would have had the same chances if it just flipped a coin. This kind of learning is done over thousands of iterations by a mosaic of mathematic weights being changed within the algorithms, so not even the researchers can understand how the encryption was built without an intensive and time-consuming analysis. While this was a simple test of whether AI can succeed at generating a form of encryption, it does spark questions about the future of security. Cryptography has always been a game of cat and mouse between those encrypting and those attempting to decrypt, constrained by the speed of modern computers. And while authors write that keeping data secure is more than just having strong encryption, cybersecurity might mean one day having AI agents fighting continually to protect your information, while others try to ferret it out. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content Google Drive end of support for Windows XP and Vista By Martin Brinkmann on October 29, 2016 in Google - Last Update:October 29, 2016 5 Google announced yesterday that its Google Drive software won't support Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows Server 2003 anymore starting January 1, 2017. Google Drive is the company's official desktop program that enables Google users to manage and sync files between their devices and the Google cloud. Today, we’re announcing that on January 1, 2017 we will discontinue support for the Google Drive desktop app on Windows XP, Vista and Server 2003 since these platforms are no longer actively supported by Microsoft. The Google Drive desktop app (officially: "Google Drive for Mac/PC") will continue to function on these platforms, but will not be actively tested and maintained. Two things are particularly interesting about the announcement. First, that the programs will continue to work. Google won't add a kill-switch to those programs or change compatibility information. This means that Windows users on XP, Vista or Server 2003 will be able to continue using the software for the foreseeable future. Google notes that it won't support, maintain or actively test new releases on these platforms. It seems likely that things will fail to work eventually, but not right away because of that. The second interesting observation is that Google mentions that these platforms are no longer actively supported by Microsoft. While that is indeed the case for Windows XP and Server 2003, it is not for Windows Vista. Windows Vista is in its extended support cycle currently which means that it will receive security updates just like any other supported version of Windows. Vista's extended support cycle ends in April 2017, but until that day, it is actively supported by Microsoft. Granted, Microsoft has all but forgotten about Vista and ignores it for the most part. Still, security updates are released on each Patch Tuesday, and will be until April 2017. Google recommends that Google Drive users on these platforms "move to a newer version of Windows to continue using" the Google Drive desktop app. Google Drive customers who run unsupported versions of Windows may use third-party clients instead should the official Google Drive desktop program stop working at one point. There is the free version of MultiCloud for instance, and you can always use the web version of Google Drive to manage files. The latter is not super comfortable for large file operations, but it is better than not being able to access the files at all anymore. Summary Article Name Google Drive end of support for Windows XP and Vista Description Google announced yesterday that its Google Drive software won't support Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows Server 2003 anymore starting January 1, 2017. Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand. You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Google > Google Drive end of support for Windows XP and Vista Stop Resetting My Apps blocks default apps resets on Windows 10 AtomBombing: Zero-Day Windows exploit Responses to Google Drive end of support for Windows XP and Vista AmitKumr October 30, 2016 at 1:14 am # I never managed to get Google Drive working on XP at work. I found that the third party client called Syncdocs worked and syncs to a USB memory stick. Reply JR October 31, 2016 at 12:09 am # I really wish ALL software vendors would make this decision. XP and Vista need to go. NO one should be running those OS's in my opinion. Reply ilev October 31, 2016 at 8:17 am # Windows XP has more users than Windows 8+8.1. Why not stop ALL software support for this version of OS as well ? Reply marc klink October 31, 2016 at 1:45 am # Sounds like collusion between Microsoft and Google. Even if only on a small scale, it is still wrong. There are reasons for the disconnect with XP, but for Vista there is NO excuse other than spite from MS. Reply Rob November 1, 2016 at 6:07 pm # I guess I'm not seeing the problem. Just go to drive.google.com and drag your files in or tell it to download selected files. No need for the app. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Subscribe / Connect   Ghacks Technology Newsletter   Ghacks Daily Newsletter Advertisement Popular Microsoft removes policies from Windows 10 Pro July 28, 2016 Cumulative Windows 10 Update KB3194496 installation issues September 30, 2016 Disable the Windows 10 Lock Screen (Anniversary Update) August 5, 2016 The State of Mozilla Firefox September 4, 2016 You will use Cortana, Microsoft says July 26, 2016 Advertisement Random Software Review Notepad++ 7.0 is out Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Advertisement Latest Firefox 51: blocks automatic audio playback in non-active tabs November 14, 2016 Dot11expert WLAN troubleshooting tool November 14, 2016 Double File Scanner: find duplicate files November 14, 2016 Kaspersky: Windows 10’s antivirus integration anti-competitive November 14, 2016 Diffinity diff and merging program for Windows November 13, 2016 Popular Deals Sticky Password Premium Lifetime 80% off PureVPN Lifetime 85% off Zoolz 1TB Storage Lifetime 98% off Microsoft MCSE Server Admin Certification Training 97% off About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing © 2016 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.OkRead more
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Users Of Google Pixel And Nexus Devices Running Android 7.1 Nougat Report Pairing Issues With Bluetooth In Cars – Tech Times Posted on October 29, 2016 by Tech Times Google Pixel and Nexus mobile devices are showing problems when pairing with various cars. Bluetooth connectivity issues might have to do with the hardware or software, and Google is investigating. ( Spencer Platt | Getty Images ). Advertisement … Opinion: With Pixel in the picture, 2017 could be one of Google’s most important years ever9 to 5 Google Phone Comparisons: iPhone 7 vs Google PixelAndroid Headlines Where to Get the Best Deals on the Google Pixel PhoneFortune Gotta Be Mobile -Reuters -Paste Magazine -Toledo Blade all 409 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Google tries new approach with voice on Pixel phone Reuters 10/29/2016 By Julia Love © REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco About six months ago, people working on hardware and the voice-activated Google Assistant for the Pixel phone started sitting next to each other at the company's Mountain View, California headquarters, hammering out minute details of its first phone. The new seating arrangement illustrated a much larger shift underway at Alphabet Inc's Google, which crashed Apple Inc's smartphone revolution eight years ago by giving away its Android software and letting handset makers do the rest. Popular Searches Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SSNLF ▼ 1,250.00 -175.00 -12.28% Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 105.71 -2.72 -2.51% Dynavax Technologies Corp DVAX ▼ 4.10 -7.50 -64.66% TransDigm Group Inc TDG ▼ 252.94 -19.35 -7.11% Google software now runs on 85 percent of the world's smartphones, but as voice control threatens to replace touch as the primary means of using a hand-held device, the company is experimenting with a different approach - more akin to Apple's tight integration of hardware and software. The Pixel's hardware and Assistant teams gather for happy hour every Friday and have already received a prototype for the camera on next year's phone, said Brian Rakowski, vice president of product for Google’s Android operating system. Their ambition: to make the company's voice-powered digital assistant better than rivals such as Apple’s Siri and Microsoft Corp’s Cortana. “We really wanted the Assistant on the phone to feel like a natural extension of the ways you ask Google for information,” Rakowski said in an interview.  LEAF FROM APPLE'S BOOK The fusion of hardware and software is key to that goal. Certain specifications are crucial for a high-performing assistant, such as a well-placed microphone and a powerful processor to crunch reams of data. Creating an app isn't enough; that requires a few clicks for users to get to it. The hardware and software teams worked closely on details such as the graphics that appear when users call up the assistant, settling on a flurry of colorful dots, which Rakowski called a "whimsical touch to give a little bit of life to the home button.” The Assistant is always at the ready on the Pixel phone and can be summoned by pressing the home button or saying the words “OK Google.” By integrating the Assistant into the Pixel, Google “doesn’t have to do negotiations with another handset maker – they can make it as tight as they want,” said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, which offers a digital assistant by the same name. To make sure users get the best possible experience, the Assistant will live only on Google products such as the Pixel, at least for now. In the long term, however, it is unclear whether Google will keep it that way, or return to its original phone strategy and try to push the product out to the millions of smartphones running on other manufacturers' Android phones, at the risk of offering a slightly lower-quality experience. Rakowski said making sure the Assistant works well on other phones would require a close level of integration with handset makers, beyond the typical work that happens on the Android operating system. "We want all these features of the Assistant to work well and work quickly and be nicely integrated so it gives the right idea of what the Assistant can do," he said "We don't want it to feel limited or bolted on in any way." He admits it could be challenging to execute the Assistant on some current Android phones. "You can't do some of the always-on 'OK Google' detection on some phones because they don't include the right hardware to do that," he said. "In some cases, the microphone is not in a great position." SAMSUNG GOING IT ALONE? Whatever Google decides, there are already some signs that its Assistant may not be welcome on all Android phones. Samsung Electronics Co, the world's top selling smartphone maker and the leading Android manufacturer, recently acquired Viv Labs, an artificial intelligence startup founded by the creators of Siri, and plans to weave the assistant into its phones. Having already ceded their operating systems to Google, Android manufacturers may be reluctant to delegate the digital assistant as well, people in the industry said. “If we get to the point where the face of the brand is the assistant itself, that is totally a differentiator,” said Babak Hodjat, co-founder of artificial intelligence company Sentient. “They will be relegated to just pushing hardware.” Google is coy about its plans. “Over time, we want to bring the Assistant to as many people as possible,” Steve Cheng, product management director for the Assistant, said in an interview, without giving details. Analysts expect that eventually Google will try to make money by taking a share of transactions brokered by the Assistant - such as when a user buys flowers from a store the Assistant just located. Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai appeared to hint at that possibility during the company’s earnings call on Thursday. “The Assistant team talked about conversational actions as a way by which we can integrate third parties into the voice experience,” he said. But he did make clear, whether on its own or others' hardware, the shift from touch to voice-controlled assistants presents a prime opportunity for Google. "As we went from desktops to mobile, it’s not like one replaced the other... It expanded the pie,” he said. “I approach this the same way.” (Reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Bill Rigby) Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Deloitte, SETL create blockchain-based contactless payment card Reuters Chicago reaffirms immigrant 'sanctuary' status after Trump's win Reuters New Zealand confirm Jurgensen as bowling coach Reuters Reuters View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Home  |  Mobile  |  Features  | 4 Exclusive Google Pixel and Pixel XL Features Which Can Be Used on Any Android Smartphone 4 Exclusive Google Pixel and Pixel XL Features Which Can Be Used on Any Android Smartphone Google launched the Pixel and Pixel XL with a few exclusive features. Here’s how you can use them on your Android smartphone. By: Prajith Sabbani Updated: Saturday, October 29, 2016, 13:08 [IST] Google in an attempt to make a major transition from the mobile-first world to an AI-first world, showcased a new set of smartphones namely, the Google Pixel and Pixel XL earlier this month. Apart from being touted as the smartphones manufactured by Google inside-and-out, the Pixel and its bigger sibling Pixel XL bring along a plethora of exclusive features. However, most of these features can still be accessed on any Android smartphones with simple workarounds. SEE ALSO: How to Check WhatsApp Last Seen Without Reading Messages [4 Simple Steps] Let's take a look at how you can get access to these features on your Android smartphone. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Get the new Pixel Launcher The new set of smartphones from Google feature a new launcher which goes by the name, Pixel Launcher. Essentially, it's the same old Nexus launcher with a few changes in aesthetics. For example, the 6-dotted app drawer is replaced by a pull-up drawer to give you access to the apps installed on your smartphone. In order to get this launcher all you have to do is to download the Pixel Launcher's .apk file (download it here) and install it on your smartphone. Dial P for Pixel Google Pixel and Pixel XL come with an updated Phone app which goes by the name Dial P. Although most of the features remain unchanged in comparison to its previous versions (Google Phone app), the redesigned call screen and a few UI tweaks among others make it appealing. In case you want to check them out anyway, click here if you own a Nexus device or here if you own any other Android smartphone.   Pixel Camera App Another stock app to receive an update is the Google Camera App. Now known as the Pixel Camera, the app offers a slew of nifty features which can come in quite handy at times. For example, now you'll be able to manually control the exposure, AF/AE lock, and a few more. However, if you want to check out the new camera app, either you'll have to own a Nexus device or have Android 7.0 Nougat running on your Android smartphone (this is mandatory for the nexus devices as well). If you meet the eligibility criteria, you can download the app from here.   Google Assistant Undisputedly, Google Assistant is one of the USP's of the Google Pixel and Pixel XL. The search-engine giant, while unveiling the smartphones, touted it as a full-fledged virtual Assistant (based on AI) which will help you get things done in a more efficient way. What makes the new AI assistant most helpful is the company's vast Knowledge graph which other companies (like Apple) can only dream of. If you want Google Assistant to get running on your smartphone follow the 7 simple steps listed here. Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Google Pixel (Quite Black, 32 GB) 56,399 Gallery   |   9 Photos Google Pixel +See All Read More About google | Pixel | Pixel XL | news | smartphones | mobiles | android | tips and tricks Story first published: Saturday, October 29, 2016, 13:00 [IST] Other articles published on Oct 29, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... 5 Notable Changes Reliance Jio Has Brought in Indian Telecom Sector How to Get Google Assistant on Samsung, OnePlus, and Other Android Nougat Devices 11-year old Pune girl wins 'Doodle 4 Google' contest Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Apple rumoured to unveil curved, bezel-free iPhones next year Smartphone app helps early detection of autism Wearable device can reduce fat, treat type 2 diabetes Bingo Technologies Unveils VR Glass G-200 with Wi-Fi & 3D at Rs. 5,999 How to Block Annoying Ads in Facebook Messenger OnePlus 4 Rumor Roundup: Dual Rear Camera, 8GB RAM, and Much More 5 Advantages of Using Paytm While Rs. 500, Rs. 1,000 Notes Rs. 500, Rs. 1,000 Ban: Finally, Good News for Smartphone Buyers How Social Media Can Help in Finding Working ATMs [5 Possible Ways] Reliance Jio MNP: Terms and Conditions You Should Know Before Porting Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets ZTE BV0800 Gionee S9 Intex Aqua Power M Celkon Trendz Asus Zenfone Go 5.5 ZB551KL Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KL Panasonic P71 Hyve Pryme Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 PlusInFocus EPIC 1Intex Cloud Scan FPIntex Aqua Raze 2LYF Wind 4SMicromax X781Intex Aqua S2 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 29 October 2016 | MYT 3:46 PM Google tries new approach with voice on Pixel phone Playing coy: In the long term, it is unclear whether Google will continue manufacturing its own hardware like the Pixel phone (pic) and keep its Assistant to those phones, or return to its original phone strategy and try to push the Assistant out to the millions of smartphones running on other manufacturers' Android phones, at the risk of offering a slightly lower-quality experience. — Reuters About six months ago, people working on hardware and the voice-activated Google Assistant for the Pixel phone started sitting next to each other at the company's Mountain View, California headquarters, hammering out minute details of its first phone.  The new seating arrangement illustrated a much larger shift underway at Alphabet Inc's Google, which crashed Apple Inc's smartphone revolution eight years ago by giving away its Android software and letting handset makers do the rest.  Google software now runs on 85% of the world's smartphones, but as voice control threatens to replace touch as the primary means of using a hand-held device, the company is experimenting with a different approach – more akin to Apple's tight integration of hardware and software.  The Pixel's hardware and Assistant teams gather for happy hour every Friday and have already received a prototype for the camera on next year's phone, said Brian Rakowski, vice president of product for Google’s Android operating system.  Their ambition: to make the company's voice-powered digital assistant better than rivals such as Apple’s Siri and Microsoft Corp’s Cortana.  “We really wanted the Assistant on the phone to feel like a natural extension of the ways you ask Google for information,” Rakowski said in an interview.   Leaf from Apple's book  The fusion of hardware and software is key to that goal. Certain specifications are crucial for a high-performing assistant, such as a well-placed microphone and a powerful processor to crunch reams of data.  Creating an app isn't enough; that requires a few clicks for users to get to it.  The hardware and software teams worked closely on details such as the graphics that appear when users call up the assistant, settling on a flurry of colourful dots, which Rakowski called a "whimsical touch to give a little bit of life to the home button.”  The Assistant is always at the ready on the Pixel phone and can be summoned by pressing the home button or saying the words “OK Google.”  By integrating the Assistant into the Pixel, Google “doesn’t have to do negotiations with another handset maker – they can make it as tight as they want,” said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, which offers a digital assistant by the same name.  To make sure users get the best possible experience, the Assistant will live only on Google products such as the Pixel, at least for now.  In the long term, however, it is unclear whether Google will keep it that way, or return to its original phone strategy and try to push the product out to the millions of smartphones running on other manufacturers' Android phones, at the risk of offering a slightly lower-quality experience.  Rakowski said making sure the Assistant works well on other phones would require a close level of integration with handset makers, beyond the typical work that happens on the Android operating system.  "We want all these features of the Assistant to work well and work quickly and be nicely integrated so it gives the right idea of what the Assistant can do," he said "We don't want it to feel limited or bolted on in any way."  He admits it could be challenging to execute the Assistant on some current Android phones.  "You can't do some of the always-on 'OK Google' detection on some phones because they don't include the right hardware to do that," he said. "In some cases, the microphone is not in a great position."  Samsung going it alone?  Whatever Google decides, there are already some signs that its Assistant may not be welcome on all Android phones.  Samsung Electronics Co, the world's top selling smartphone maker and the leading Android manufacturer, recently acquired Viv Labs, an artificial intelligence startup founded by the creators of Siri, and plans to weave the assistant into its phones.  Having already ceded their operating systems to Google, Android manufacturers may be reluctant to delegate the digital assistant as well, people in the industry said.  “If we get to the point where the face of the brand is the assistant itself, that is totally a differentiator,” said Babak Hodjat, co-founder of artificial intelligence company Sentient. “They will be relegated to just pushing hardware.”  Google is coy about its plans. “Over time, we want to bring the Assistant to as many people as possible,” Steve Cheng, product management director for the Assistant, said in an interview, without giving details.  Analysts expect that eventually Google will try to make money by taking a share of transactions brokered by the Assistant – such as when a user buys flowers from a store the Assistant just located.  Google chief executive Sundar Pichai appeared to hint at that possibility during the company’s earnings call on Oct 27.  “The Assistant team talked about conversational actions as a way by which we can integrate third parties into the voice experience,” he said.  But he did make clear, whether on its own or others' hardware, the shift from touch to voice-controlled assistants presents a prime opportunity for Google.  "As we went from desktops to mobile, it’s not like one replaced the other... It expanded the pie,” he said. “I approach this the same way.” — Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Analyst Reports , Corporate News , Life & Style , Technology You May Be Interested Legislature gives final approval to autonomous vehicle bills After Airbnb and Uber, wardrobe rental services could be the next travel trend For some, the Zune is not gone and definitely not forgotten Where are you on the journey to financial freedom? Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Dept: Need further studies on Malacca relics Third edition of race against human trafficking this weekend San Marino offer stinging response to Mueller's criticism advertisement Latest News The Nintendo Wii turns 10 years old Snowden warns of increase in US domestic spying after Trump victory Malaysian palm oil price posts biggest fall in over 4 months Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut Wall Street ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop Most Viewed in Tech Consumer drone business stumbles, but commercial markets beckon Snowden warns of increase in US domestic spying after Trump victory Revealing an actor's age is illegal? IMDb website sues California Samsung agrees to buy Harman for US$8bil Bangladesh retrieves a fifth of US$81mil stolen in cyber heist Dubai, Saudi to launch US$1bil e-commerce site The Nintendo Wii turns 10 years old Rynet Malaysia offers training for PHP certification Broadband in 2,000 more Thai villages by March Get yourself some dimsum Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Users Of Google Pixel And Nexus Devices Running Android 7.1 Nougat Report Pairing Issues With Bluetooth In Cars 29 October 2016, 3:30 am EDT By Horia Ungureanu Tech Times Android Marshmallow - Fascinating FactsNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Google Pixel and Nexus mobile devices are showing problems when pairing with various cars. Bluetooth connectivity issues might have to do with the hardware or software, and Google is investigating.  ( Spencer Platt | Getty Images ) Advertisement Google has its Pixel smartphones loaded with many powerful specs and features, such as the camera and Android 7.1 Nougat, but some problems are already showing up. Reports from Pixel and Nexus phone owners are piling up that the devices are showing unstable Bluetooth pairing and connectivity. Bluetooth In-Car Connectivity Specifically, it looks like an increasing number of users are having trouble connecting their phones to their smart cars via Bluetooth. What is more, once the phones finally connect to the cars, the link is unstable and can break at any moment. At the time of the writing, it is only speculation on what is causing the problem to occur, and Google has not made any official statement about the background of the issues. Some believe that the Pixel and Pixel XL are to blame, but others point out that the issue might lie with Android 7.1 Nougat, as the Bluetooth connectivity issue happens in the Nexus devices sporting the latest Google OS, as well. It is best to wait for Google to address the problem publicly, as the company already notes that is looking into the matter. On the bright side, the Pixel manufacturer started to get feedback from the Pixel user community and is working on a fix. Bluetooth Music Users are observing that some of the devices that can connect to their cars via Bluetooth maintain the link while playing music, but as soon as a call comes in, the connection bombs. Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Bluetooth Problem It may be that the problem lies within the software more than the hardware. The reason for this is that handsets that are running on Nougat, such as the Nexus phones, are facing the same problems that have been plaguing the Pixel and Pixel XL. In the Nexus 5X and the Nexus 6P, Google rolled out the Android 7.1 Nougat developer preview earlier in October. Google did not specify whether the 5X or the 6P are facing the problem, but chances are that it is both. Here is a helpful guide to fixing other common Nexus 6P issues. Conclusion Those who cannot seem to connect their Android 7.1 Nougat-running phones to the car's Bluetooth system have to muster some patience. Google is putting the pedal to the metal to find what is causing the issues and promised to deliver a fix as soon as possible. Until then, Pixel and Nexus owners might have to rely on their handsets' speakers for loud music while driving. TAG Pixel, Pixel XL, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Android 7.1 Nougat, Connectivity, Bluetooth Pairing Issue, Bluetooth © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Android 7.1 Nougat Developer Preview Now Available For Pixel C, Nexus 5X And Nexus 6P Android 7.1 Nougat Update Will Bring Tons Of New Emojis To Enjoy Android 7.1 Nougat Features You Will Love: Smart Storage, App Shortcuts And More How To Downgrade From Android 7.0 Nougat To Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 If You Own Google Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X Pixel's Google Camera v4.2 Ported To Nexus 5x, 6P: New Features Include Shooting Grids, Exposure And Focus Lock From Our Sponsor Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones: Buying Tips If you're out in the market looking to buy wireless headphones, especially active noise cancelling wireless headphones, here's a list of things you should consider. SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 2 Space How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech BlackBerry Keyboard Phone Promised To Come: Can It Rise Among The Upcoming Generation Of Bezel-Free Smartphones? Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 7 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 8 Earth/Environment Good News For Earth? New Study Reveals Flat Carbon Emission Levels In 3 Years 9 Gadgets Snapchat Spectacles, Nintendo NES Classic Edition Are The Hottest Tech Products This Month, But You Can't Buy Them Yet 10 Apps/Software Samsung Offers Developers $10,000 Per App Via Tizen Mobile App Incentive Program EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Menu Home + Nation General Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Government Crime UAE health Transport Education Happiness Times Weather Yas Island - Anime + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others + Business Local business Markets Economy Auto Gadgets and Electronics Banking and Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Companies Dubai Airshow 2015 Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local sports Cricket Cricket Scorecard Football Tennis Horse racing Formula 1 Golf Other sports Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 ICC World Twenty20 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships Olympics 2016 Omega Dubai Desert Classic 2016 Wimbledon 2016 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Technology Videos + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music CT Musing + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat Legal View Editorials and columns Letters to the Editor + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (Photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan (videos) Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex Bahrain Qatar + Prayer Timings Prayer timings International Prayer Timings UAE Ramadan Time Table Cinema listings + Weather United Arab Emirates Region GCC Countries Asia Europe America Competitions Entertainment + Flydubai Plane Crash Flydubai Plane Crash Photos Flydubai Plane Crash Videos GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals + India Budget 2016-17 India Budget Photos India Budget Videos Inspired Living Listicles + Other pages Advertise with us Contact us Humour Junction Idea Graph Life Is Like That UAE Driving Licence UAE Public Holidays + UAE-India Ties UAE-India Photos UAE-India Videos Utilities Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Publications : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER Sign in | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Americas News Nation Business GOLD/FOREX Sports Technology Entertainment Utilities All CITY TIMES WKND KT BUZZON Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Offbeat| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Americas India | Pakistan | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others Region | International | Dubai | Abu Dhabi | Sharjah | Government | Crime | India | Pakistan | Philippines General | Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman | Government | Crime | UAE health | Transport | Education | Happiness Times | Weather | Yas Island - Anime Local Business | Markets | Economy | Auto | Banking and Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Gold/Forex News | Local Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | Formula 1 | Golf | Other Sports | Olympics 2016 Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion   HOME > International > Americas Hackers apparently fooled Clinton official with bogus email AP/Washington Filed on October 29, 2016 Share More > Vote (AFP) The hackers sent John Podesta an official-looking email on Saturday, March 19, that appeared to come from Google New evidence appears to show how hackers earlier this year stole more than 50,000 emails of Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, an audacious electronic attack blamed on Russia's government and one that has resulted in embarrassing political disclosures about Democrats in the final weeks before the U.S presidential election. The hackers sent John Podesta an official-looking email on Saturday, March 19, that appeared to come from Google. It warned that someone in Ukraine had obtained Podesta's personal Gmail password and tried unsuccessfully to log in, and it directed him to a website where he should "change your password immediately." Podesta's chief of staff, Sara Latham, forwarded the email to the operations help desk of Clinton's campaign, where staffer Charles Delavan in Brooklyn, New York, wrote back 25 minutes later: "This is a legitimate email. John needs to change his password immediately." But the email was not authentic. The link to the website where Podesta was encouraged to change his Gmail password actually directed him instead to a computer in the Netherlands with a web address associated with Tokelau, a territory of New Zealand located in the South Pacific. The hackers carefully disguised the link using a service that shortens lengthy online addresses. But even for anyone checking more diligently, the address - "google.com-securitysettingpage" - was crafted to appear genuine. In the email, the hackers even provided an internet address of the purported Ukrainian hacker that actually traced to a mobile communications provider in Ukraine. It was also notable that the hackers struck Podesta on a weekend morning, when organizations typically have fewer resources to investigate and respond to reports of such problems. Delavan, the campaign help-desk staffer, did not respond immediately to The Associated Press' questions about his actions that day. It is not immediately clear how Podesta responded to the threat, but five months later hackers successfully downloaded tens of thousands of emails from Podesta's accounts that have now been posted online. The Clinton campaign declined to discuss the incident. Podesta has previously confirmed his emails were hacked and said the FBI was investigating. The suspicious email was among more than 1,400 messages published by WikiLeaks on Friday that had been hacked from Podesta's account. It was not known whether the hackers deliberately left behind the evidence of their attempted break-in for WikiLeaks to reveal, but the tools they were using seven months ago still indicate they were personally targeting Podesta: Late Friday, the computer in the Netherlands that had been used in the hacking attempt featured a copy of Podesta's biographical page from Wikipedia. The U.S Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the Homeland Security Department have formally accused Russian state-sponsored hackers for the recent string of cyberattacks intended to influence the presidential election. The help-desk staffer, Delevan, emailed to Podesta's chief of staff a separate, authentic link to reset Podesta's Gmail password and encouraged Podesta to turn on two-factor authentication. That feature protects an account by requiring a second code that is separately sent to a cell phone or alternate email address before a user can log in. "It is absolutely imperative that this is done ASAP," Delevan said. Tod Beardsley, a security research manager at the Boston-based cybersecurity firm Rapid7, said the fact that an IT person deemed the suspicious email to be legitimate "pretty much guarantees the user who is not an IT person is going to click on it." Other emails previously released by WikiLeaks have included messages containing the password for Podesta's iPhone and iPad accounts. Share More > Vote MORE FROM International Americas Hackers apparently fooled Clinton official with... The hackers sent John Podesta an official-looking email on Saturday,... READ MORE India Indian man sexually assaults sleeping teen on UK... A pre-sentence report stated community service was not an option for... READ MORE India Man kills mother and father-in-law over marital... Chintu, who works as a driver, indulged in fight with the family... READ MORE Americas Hillary Clinton private email probe reopened by... "We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office,"... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times General EXCLUSIVE: Emirati girl motivated by Shaikh... Muhra's mother and the 'Emirati angel' react to the Dubai Ruler's... READ MORE General Latecomers beware: 5 minutes = Dh10,000 "I even continued working after hours, sometimes for two hours on... READ MORE General A Pakistani's journey from labourer to... I have loved every minute: Ali came to the UAE when he was just 18. READ MORE Weather UAE weather: Foggy conditions to prevail NCMS also warns against fresh winds and rough sea at times with over... READ MORE   Popular Voted General WATCH: We found the Emirati girl who mimicked Dubai's Shaikh Mohammed 35875 views | 27 October 2016 General WATCH: Dubai's Shaikh Mohammed meets Emirati girl who 'mimicked' him 33636 views | 28 October 2016 Transport WATCH: Hyperloop travel from Dubai-Abu Dhabi in 15 minutes 30182 views | 27 October 2016 Dubai 11 Dubai traffic fines you may not know about 20769 views | 26 October 2016 Crime Expat fined Dh5,000, to be deported for fundraising in UAE 18584 views | 27 October 2016 Legal View No ban if you finish 2 years of employment 16095 views | 24 November 2015 India Benevolent Indian boss again presents cars, flats to staff for Diwali 9701 views | 27 October 2016 Saudi Arabia Houthis Makkah missile attack is atrocious: Arab Parliament 9334 views | 28 October 2016 General EXCLUSIVE: Emirati girl motivated by Shaikh Mohammed's visit 8675 views | 28 October 2016 Saudi Arabia Houthi militia missile attack on Makkah FOILED 8224 views | 28 October 2016 General Latecomers beware: 5 minutes = Dh10,000 7757 views | 27 October 2016 Rest of Asia Indian-origin bus driver burnt alive in Australia 7474 views | 28 October 2016 Travel Top places to go desert driving in the UAE 7273 views | 22 October 2016 International Parents jailed for daughter's 15 years of abuse 7103 views | 28 October 2016 Dubai Two of Dubai's most frequent riders to win Dh50,000 each 5481 views | 27 October 2016 Dubai Historic day: Water flows through Dubai Canal for first time 237 votes | 24 October 2016 General WATCH: Cute girl's imitation of Dubai's Shaikh Mohammed wins his heart 155 votes | 27 October 2016 Education The REAL reason DPS Academy is shutting down 145 votes | 23 October 2016 Sharjah Police suspect short circuit as reason for Sharjah villa fire 133 votes | 23 October 2016 Cricket Kohli breaks two Tendulkar records in a single day 119 votes | 23 October 2016 Dubai Dubai billionaire's D5 Rolls Royce fined for wrong parking 115 votes | 25 October 2016 Sharjah Sharjah man cuts off genitals for being forced to remarry 115 votes | 25 October 2016 Crime Man arrested for sharing viral video of Dubai billionaire's wrongly parked car 108 votes | 27 October 2016 Abu Dhabi Khalifa, Mohammed, Hamdan, Fatima born to one mum 107 votes | 23 October 2016 MENA At 500 kg, Egyptian woman is world's fattest 98 votes | 23 October 2016 General Women Business Council member dies in Sharjah villa fire 95 votes | 22 October 2016 Bollywood Ae Dil Hai Mushkil review: Old formula with a comic twist 86 votes | 27 October 2016 Dubai Indian in coma for 17 months, brother struggles with repatriation 84 votes | 24 October 2016 Europe Nanny beheads disabled 4-year-old child 81 votes | 24 October 2016 Mobiles And the cheapest iPhone 7 in the UAE is at... 75 votes | 23 October 2016   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the World in your inbox, so you dont missout on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2016 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region World Business Markets Economy Auto Technology Gadgets & Electronics Banking & Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing Formula 1 Golf Other Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Editorials & Columns Letters to Editor Photos   Videos Gold/forex Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather e-paper KT BUZZON Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Future Market Insights Tweet   How IoT will Usher in a New Era of Smart Mining However, the next big thing would not be big enough, if we invest in smart applications of it. Apart from taking technology to another level, IoT has resolved major problems owing to it applications in various sectors including the mining sector.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 29, 2016 ) Magic beans are spilled all over Google, while many pick them up for benefit, most of us pepper the search bar reflecting the curiosity about Internet of Things as the next big thing transforming our world along with technology. Todays impatient world has crowned Google as the cyber ruler owing to its fast solutions spilling techniques, as they account for Googles golden treasure of mined data. However, Internet of Things (IoT) is giving more than just a sustaining competition to Google. Magic spells of IoT have touched many aspects of the Industrial development in many parameters, without sparing the mining sector. Stepping back to history, communication of two devices without using internet was a moment of magic for many, however we live that magic everyday presently. Without the equipment of broadband for connection, we can use air conditioners and television sets using remotes. This is the magic spell of Internet of Things. However, the next big thing would not be big enough, if we invest in smart applications of it. Apart from taking technology to another level, IoT has resolved major problems owing to it applications in various sectors including the mining sector. Looking for insights to decode the future of mining sector? Download a free sample of Global Smart Mining Market. Mining sector has majorly contributed to our economy and embedding its operations with applications of IoT has unveiled a new technological concept, the smart and connected technology. Mining sector is spell bound by the Smart technology owing to its applications in related operations and resolving problems in every parameter. Smart technology enables self-monitoring, analyzing and reporting technology embedded in computer systems, hard disk drives and solid states drives. These enable the system to detect and report to operators regarding various indicators and the degree of reliability along with the intent of reporting about any possibility of hardware failures expected from these devices. Technology of the next big thing has contributed to the mining sector in a significant manner, taking its operations and productivity to another level. IoT has enabled many heavy devices used in the mining field leveraged improved performance through multi-tasking capabilities in fraction of seconds. Equipping these devices with features to connect, communicate, retrieve and send all the mined data to operators and workers effortlessly with the help of proximity sensor, it has slashed the work load to a great extent. Applications of IoT have equipped machines with a feature that enables them to locate data and retrieve it. Many times heavy machines or devices are required to undergo shafts and tunnels to during the mining process, which is a life-risking task. IoT has catered to this risk by enabling machines to machine connection, similar to connection of airplanes to airbases. The technology enables mining data, which can be monitored on screens by operators to ensure devices are on the right track. This technology has accessorized devices and machines with proximity-sensors that enable them to sense where exactly is the data located, while mining under tunnels, shafts, seas, rivers, rails and other such places. Much has been predicted for this technology in the future, as it is expected to log Google out owing to fast paced applications of IoT. It is expected to be ubiquitous in future as compared to Google today. Furthermore, Internet of Things not only senses proximity of data, but also transmits mined data post mining operations, which further help in taking right business decisions in the mining sector. This technology is a great boon to the human kind as mining mainly called for human contribution previously. Operations in the mining field by workers resulted in a catastrophe due to unhealthy working environment, use of unpredicted machines, which were out of the controls of owners and operators. The emerging technology of the Internet of Things has gifted the workers engaged in mining with a life-saving technology. Applications of this technology has equipped the mining fields with On-demand Ventilators, which ensure safe working environment of the mine worker with less possibility of risking of their lives. The spell bound smart technology is changing procedures of mining in every parameter making work of operators effortless and convenient in parallel to engaging in unpredictable guesswork. Connection of machines without internet connections has changed the basis of operations in this sector. Built on cloud computing and networks of data gathering sensors, owners, workers or operators in this field no more need to click on Google to ask for services, all it needs is the smart machine to machine (M2M) connection, which creates an intersection of data and leverage it. This leveraged data is used by Cloud-based applications that help in making decisions related to the mined data. Operations of Internet of Things are based on Cloud computing techniques, which create an intersection of data and enable them to be used by various sensors without using internet. This is how major devices function beyond our knowledge and expectations. So keep these magical beans as they are surely bound to develop into a tree in the near future. The information provided in this article has been referenced from a report by Future Market Insights. To contact the authors of this report, please visit http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-512 Contact Information: Future Market Insights Abhishek Budholiya Tel: 2076928790 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 70 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 14, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 14, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 70 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Alphabet shifts to cloud, away from moonshots By MARK BERGEN Bloomberg News First Published Oct 29 2016 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Oct 29 2016 01:05 am Single page Share This Article Alphabet Inc. will focus its biggest bets next year on the staid world of business software and cloud computing, a marked departure from lofty "moonshots" of recent years, such as burrito-carrying drones and super-fast internet service. Alphabet was formed last year, in part, to insulate the lucrative online advertising business of its Google division from riskier, more capital-intensive projects now called Other Bets. The strategy was on display in the company's third-quarter results, released on Thursday. The technology giant culled investment in Other Bets and doubled down on Google's cloud and artificial-intelligence initiatives. Those investments will only accelerate next year, executives told analysts during a conference call that followed a strong third-quarter report, driven largely by growth in Google's main digital ad business. The shares rose 1.1 percent to $825.98 at 9:44 a.m. in New York Friday. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai said the cloud business is building a team focused on machine learning, an important branch of AI, and is hiring aggressively. "As we head into 2017," he said on the earnings call, "I expect cloud to be one of our largest areas of investment and growth." Google is racing against Amazon.com, Microsoft and other big technology companies to provide AI-powered services over the internet from remote data centers. The combination of these technologies may produce powerful and lucrative new products for consumers and business customers. Google doesn't disclose the performance of its cloud business. But its "other revenue" line, which includes this unit along with the Google app store and hardware sales, saw revenue grow 39 percent to $2.4 billion in the third quarter. Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said the cloud division is "generating substantial revenue growth." Cloud chief Diane Greene has helped win new corporate customers for its data-processing, analysis and storage services this year. Google is still behind market leader Amazon.com, which posted a 55 percent gain in cloud revenue on Thursday, reaching $3.2 billion for the third quarter. However, Google executives' rhetoric suggests Alphabet is plowing money into businesses capable of generating strong returns, and cutting investment from projects with more questionable financial potential. Porat also cautioned investors that marketing spending will rise in the fourth quarter to promote new Google hardware like its Pixel smartphones. Pichai and Porat have told investors before that Alphabet's biggest bets are inside Google. Pichai oversees most of the company's AI and virtual reality efforts, along with its costly data centers. Yet shout-outs for the cloud business came amid a pullback from Alphabet's Other Bets, particularly its Google Fiber internet service and Nest connected-device subsidiary. Other Bets Trimmed The Other Bets segment, which also includes the autonomous vehicle project and two biotech research initiatives, lost $865 million in the third quarter, narrowing from a $980 million loss a year ago. Growth in capital expenditures on these businesses also slowed down from the prior two quarters. Porat stressed that Other Bets are on a "longer time horizon," but also said Alphabet is resetting some of them as they strive to find business models. Earlier in the week, the Fiber internet service announced a retreat from eight major proposed markets as well as jobs cuts and the loss of its top executive. That followed a string of high-level departures from Other Bets companies. "News that Fiber has been 'paused' should be welcomed by investors concerned over rising CapEx," Daniel Salmon, an analyst at BMO Capital Markets, wrote in a note to investors. Porat said Fiber had made "important breakthroughs" in wireless technology, but is re-evaluating expansion plans. "We wanted to focus on the potential with these efforts before we re-accelerate deployment," she said. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES LDS Church 'retires' Mormon apostle's 'little factory' pamphlet Critics cringe at Trump strategist Bannon's ties to alt-right, rhetoric targeting Mormons Democrat Elijah Cummings presses Jason Chaffetz to investigate Donald Trump's finances Utah football: Oregon is struggling, but Utes still see a dangerous team (with video) Jazz update: Hood, Hill, Favors, Diaw questionable vs. Memphis ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business DemonetisationUS Elections 2016ImmersiveLatest NewsIndia vs EngPodcast#GoodNews Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Why Did Google Create Assistant Voice Assistant And How It's An Opportunity For Google Uber and Snapdeal Join Hands For a Social Cause This Children's Day US Navy Face Cash Crunch as Ammunition For Stealth Destroyer is Too Costly Technology Will Help Develop Agricultural Pattern: Modi News18 » Tech 4-min read Why Did Google Create Assistant Voice Assistant And How It's An Opportunity For Google Reuters First published: October 29, 2016, 11:59 AM IST | Updated: October 29, 2016 Google software now runs on 85 percent of the world's smartphones, but as voice control threatens to replace touch as the primary means of using a hand-held device, the company is experimenting with a different approach. (Image: Reuters) About six months ago, people working on hardware and the voice-activated Google Assistant for the Pixel phone started sitting next to each other at the company's Mountain View, California headquarters, hammering out minute details of its first phone. The new seating arrangement illustrated a much larger shift underway at Alphabet Inc's Google, which crashed Apple Inc's ; smartphone revolution eight years ago by giving away its Android software and letting handset makers do the rest. Google software now runs on 85 percent of the world's smartphones, but as voice control threatens to replace touch as the primary means of using a hand-held device, the company is experimenting with a different approach - more akin to Apple's tight integration of hardware and software. The Pixel's hardware and Assistant teams gather for happy hour every Friday and have already received a prototype for the camera on next year's phone, said Brian Rakowski, vice president of product for Google’s Android operating system. Their ambition: to make the company's voice-powered digital assistant better than rivals such as Apple’s Siri and Microsoft Corp’s; Cortana. “We really wanted the Assistant on the phone to feel like a natural extension of the ways you ask Google for information,” Rakowski said in an interview. LEAF FROM APPLE'S BOOK The fusion of hardware and software is key to that goal. Certain specifications are crucial for a high-performing assistant, such as a well-placed microphone and a powerful processor to crunch reams of data. Creating an app isn't enough; that requires a few clicks for users to get to it. The hardware and software teams worked closely on details such as the graphics that appear when users call up the assistant, settling on a flurry of colourful dots, which Rakowski called a "whimsical touch to give a little bit of life to the home button.” The Assistant is always at the ready on the Pixel phone and can be summoned by pressing the home button or saying the words “OK Google.” By integrating the Assistant into the Pixel, Google “doesn’t have to do negotiations with another handset maker – they can make it as tight as they want,” said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, which offers a digital assistant by the same name. To make sure users get the best possible experience, the Assistant will live only on Google products such as the Pixel, at least for now. In the long term, however, it is unclear whether Google will keep it that way, or return to its original phone strategy and try to push the product out to the millions of smartphones running on other manufacturers' Android phones, at the risk of offering a slightly lower-quality experience. Rakowski said making sure the Assistant works well on other phones would require a close level of integration with handset makers, beyond the typical work that happens on the Android operating system. "We want all these features of the Assistant to work well and work quickly and be nicely integrated so it gives the right idea of what the Assistant can do," he said "We don't want it to feel limited or bolted on in any way." He admits it could be challenging to execute the Assistant on some current Android phones. "You can't do some of the always-on 'OK Google' detection on some phones because they don't include the right hardware to do that," he said. "In some cases, the microphone is not in a great position." SAMSUNG GOING IT ALONE? Whatever Google decides, there are already some signs that its Assistant may not be welcome on all Android phones. Samsung Electronics Co, the world's top selling smartphone maker and the leading Android manufacturer, recently acquired Viv Labs, an artificial intelligence startup founded by the creators of Siri, and plans to weave the assistant into its phones. Having already ceded their operating systems to Google, Android manufacturers may be reluctant to delegate the digital assistant as well, people in the industry said. “If we get to the point where the face of the brand is the assistant itself, that is totally a differentiator,” said Babak Hodjat, co-founder of artificial intelligence company Sentient. “They will be relegated to just pushing hardware.” Google is coy about its plans. “Over time, we want to bring the Assistant to as many people as possible,” Steve Cheng, product management director for the Assistant, said in an interview, without giving details. Analysts expect that eventually Google will try to make money by taking a share of transactions brokered by the Assistant - such as when a user buys flowers from a store the Assistant just located. Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai appeared to hint at that possibility during the company’s earnings call on Thursday. “The Assistant team talked about conversational actions as a way by which we can integrate third parties into the voice experience,” he said. But he did make clear, whether on its own or others' hardware, the shift from touch to voice-controlled assistants presents a prime opportunity for Google. "As we went from desktops to mobile, it’s not like one replaced the other... It expanded the pie,” he said. “I approach this the same way.” Google Google Assistant Samsung Siri Trending Articles Watch: India Signs Civil Nuclear Deal with Japan Bigg Boss 10, Day 27: Salman Khan Questions Rahul, Rohan and Karan's Lethargic Attitudes PM Modi Returns to India After 3-day Japan Visit Apple Display Maker to Get a Big Bailout For OLED Technology Trending Articles Watch: India Signs Civil Nuclear Deal with Japan Bigg Boss 10, Day 27: Salman Khan Questions Rahul, Rohan and Karan's Lethargic Attitudes PM Modi Returns to India After 3-day Japan Visit Apple Display Maker to Get a Big Bailout For OLED Technology UK Will Back Free Trade Says Theresa May; Farage Not a Trump Go-between Trump Terms Obama as Terrific, Says he has 'Great Sense of Humour' Trump Names his Chief of Staff, Chief Strategist Narendra Modi, Donald Trump Will be 'Unparalleled Friends': Shalabh Kumar From Our Network Modi in Ghazipur: PM's rally is to convince people that demonetisation is a good decision- FirstPost Naxal-hit village in Latehar gets electricity for the first time - Pradesh18 Thousands throng gurdwaras to mark Gurpurab - Pradesh18 About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News 'Whole' BJP is Against Demonetisation, Alleges Arvind Kejriwal Australia vs South Africa Live Score: 2nd Test, Day 4 at Hobart 15 Dead in Iraq Suicide Bombings Claimed by Islamic State Syria Conflict: Scores of Pakistani, Afghan and Iranian Fighters killed in Aleppo Watch: India@9 With Zakka Jacob & Bhupendra Chaubey Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Alphabet, Inc. Boosts Buybacks After Another Great Quarter With a strong ad business and promising progress in "Other Bets," the internet search giant is repurchasing (exactly) $7,019,340,976.83 in shares. Steve Symington (TMFSymington) Oct 28, 2016 at 6:42PM IMAGE SOURCE: ALPHABET, INC. Google parent Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) announced stronger-than-expected third-quarter 2016 results Thursday after the market close, marking its fourth report since shifting to a segment-based reporting model earlier this year. With Alphabet stock up 1% as of this writing after briefly touching a fresh all-time high, it's apparent the market is happy with what it had to say.  Let's take a closer look at how Alphabet kicked off the second half of the year. The headline numbers Consolidated quarterly revenue increased 20.2% year over year, to $22.45 billion, and would have increased 23% if it weren't for the effects of continued foreign-currency pressure. Based on generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consolidated operating income grew 22.5% year over year, to $5.77 billion, and net income rose 27.2%, to $5.06 billion. GAAP net income per share also increased 26.5%, to $7.25, for each of Alphabet's class A and B common shares and class C capital stock. On an adjusted (non-GAAP) basis, which adds perspective by excluding items like stock-based compensation, operating income grew 24.2% year over year, to $7.63 billion, and net income rose 24%, to $6.33 billion. Adjusted net income per share grew 23.3% year over year, to $9.06. Keeping in mind that last quarter, Alphabet completed all share repurchases under its previous repurchase authorization, its board of directors also authorized a new repurchase program of up to $7,019,340,976.83 shares. As an aside, Alphabet could have made its latest repurchase authorization an even $7 billion, but it would have sacrificed an opportunity to make another very Google-esque joke. Astute math geeks quickly figured out that 7019.34097683 is equivalent to 26 (the number of letters in the alphabet) to the power of "e," an important mathematical constant. And this replaces Google's previous authorization, which allowed repurchases of up to $5,099,019,513.59 -- which is the square root of 26 multiplied by $1 billion. Getting back to the headline numbers, Google doesn't provide specific quarterly financial guidance. So for perspective -- and while we don't typically pay close attention to Wall Street's expectations -- analysts had predicted Google would report lower revenue of $18 billion and adjusted earnings of only $8.64 per share. Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat called it a "great third quarter" adding, "Mobile search and video are powering our core advertising business and we're excited about the progress of newer businesses in Google and Other Bets." Breaking it down Alphabet once again offered color on its two primary operating segments, including Google and Other Bets.   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Growth (YOY) Google segment revenues $18.534 billion $22.254 billion 20.1% Google operating income $5.807 billion $6.778 billion 16.7% Other Bets revenues $141 million $197 million 39.7% Other Bets operating income (loss) ($980 million) ($865 million) N/A DATA SOURCE: ALPHABET, INC. On Other Bets During the subsequent conference call, Porat was quick to offer the caveat that, "[W]e think it remains most instructive to look at financials for Other Bets over a longer-term horizon because, as you have seen, quarterly revenues and expenses can be lumpy [...]." After all, as I pointed out in my earnings preview earlier this week, the Other Bets segment consists primarily of early-stage, pre-revenue businesses that operate in a variety of different industries. The majority of Other Bets' $197 million in revenue -- an increase of nearly 40% over the same year-ago period -- was generated as per usual by Nest (connected home products), Fiber (high-speed internet), and Verily (longevity solutions). And the segment remains consistently unprofitable, generating an operating loss this quarter of $865 million. To Alphabet's credit, Other Bets' operating loss, excluding stock-based compensation (SBC), would have been "just" $665 million. And even accounting for SBC, this quarter's loss narrowed significantly from $980 million in the same year-ago period, even as capital expenditures dedicated to the segment rose 19.6% year over year, to $324 million, mostly reflecting continuing investments in the Fiber business. Finally, Other Bets' capital expenditures remain a small fraction of the $2.43 billion the company dedicated to its core Google business.  Speaking of which... As a reminder, Google's segment businesses include Search, Android, Maps, Chrome, YouTube, Google Play, and Gmail, as well as Ads, Commerce, Apps, Cloud, and hardware products. But as expected, the main driver of revenue for most of Google's segments remains advertising. Thankfully, that core revenue source continued to enjoy robust growth. Advertising revenue at Google increased 18.1% year over year, to $19.82 billion, representing 88.3% of Alphabet's total revenue, and down slightly from just over 89% last quarter. Within that, advertising revenue from Google's own websites grew 22.9%, to $16.09 billion, and ad revenue from Google Network Members' sites rose 1%, to $3.732 billion. During the call, Google CEO Sundar Pichai stated that Google's advertising business is "thriving in a mobile world," thanks largely to its simple, resonating value proposition to marketers as enabled by Google's suite of vastly popular mobile properties from Search to YouTube, Maps, and Google Play.  "They are using our services because they want to actively watch something they are passionate about, or because they want to know, go, do, or buy something," added Pichai. "It's just like people used to be glued to their TV screen during prime time -- our services are prime time for the mobile world." Growth in aggregate paid clicks accelerated to 33% year over year this quarter -- up from 29% last quarter -- including 42% growth in paid clicks on Google websites, and a 1% increase in paid clicks on Google Network Members' sites. On the other hand, aggregate cost-per-click -- which helps quantify how much Google makes per ad -- declined 11% year over year, including a 13% drop on Google sites, and a 14% decline on Google Network Members' sites. This includes a rapid increase in YouTube's TrueView impressions, which tend to reach consumers earlier in the purchase funnel, so generally monetize at lower rates than traditional web-based ads. Even so, Google is working to make this up in volume. In addition to YouTube's inherent growth, the company recently announced expanded capabilities to show marketers how TV and YouTube campaigns increase online awareness of their brands. And early tests indicate that YouTube generates nearly twice as many Google and YouTube searches for their brands than comparable TV impressions. Last but not least, we can't forget revenue from Google's non-advertising sources. Thanks to strong performances from both Google Play and Cloud, "Other" Google revenue grew 38.8% year over year, to $2.43 billion. There were no big positive or negative surprises in this report. It's important, however, that the company's core ad business stays healthy, and that it continues to methodically invest in promising complementary growth opportunities. More than anything, this represents the latest in a string of strong reports from Alphabet. All things considered, it's no surprise to see shares hovering near all-time highs right now. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Steve Symington has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares) and Alphabet (C shares). Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Steve Symington (TMFSymington) As a technology and consumer goods specialist for the Fool, Steve looks for responsible businesses that positively shape our lives. Then he invests accordingly. Enjoy his work? Connect with him on Twitter & Facebook so you don't miss a thing. Follow @TMFSymington Article Info Oct 28, 2016 at 6:42PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $753.22 down $-18.53 (-2.40%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $736.08 down $-17.94 (-2.38%) Read More Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Disaster: Apple Inc. May Not Be the Biggest Winner Will Google Design Its Own Smartphone Processors? Yandex Gains After a Strong Quarter Despite Losing Market Share Here's All the Hardware Google Debuted This Week Now That Google Makes Phones, Are Smartwatches Next? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null

null
null
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google Sending Out Emails to Those Waiting for Their Pixel and Pixel XL Devices Google Christine Torralba | October 28, 2016 62 shares 45 13 0 1 0 0 1 1 1               There is no doubt that the Google Pixel and Pixel XL are among the most popular smartphones in the market. Just this week, T-Mobile announced that they will be giving $325 bill credits to individuals who buy the Pixel and bring it to their network. And even without this announcement, sales of the two devices have been soaring high in the past weeks. This is likely because the two devices have been said to exceed the expectations of Google. But because of the demand for the two smartphones, there are some customers who are currently waiting for their Pixel device to be delivered. Some of these individuals may even have to wait up to 4 weeks for their new smartphone to be shipped to them. Thankfully, Google has a way to ease out the wait as they are encouraging themselves to get the orders delivered on time. Customers who are faced with a delayed shipping date are being offered a $50 credit by Google, in the event that delivery of the Pixel devices are missed. It's important to note, however, that Google has not yet officially announced this news. But a number of users have confirmed receiving the email from Google, which confirms their ordered unit has already been placed under a shipping status. The email also tells them they will be given a $50 Google Play Store credit as compensation for the wait. If you're among those that have recently ordered a Pixel or Pixel XL but are told to wait for shipping, you may want to check your email for the message from Google.     Source:  Android Headlines 9to5Google Google Google Pixel XL Google Pixel Google Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Products mentioned Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Previous ArticleHow would you change Google's Pixel phones? Next ArticleVerizon is doing the best thing with Google Pixel updates Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Huawei Mate 9 Teaser Could Possibly Mean Long Battery Life Apple's iPhone SE: Still a perfectly good option iOS 10.1.1 update rolling out with bug fixes, including fix for Health data issue How would you change Google's Pixel phones? View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 6 days 7 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 3 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 19 hours ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.

MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Google Brain Demonstrates AI-Generated Encryption: Yes, Machines Can Keep Secrets From Us 28 October 2016, 4:02 pm EDT By Vamien McKalin Tech Times Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Discover The Latest Robot TrendsNow Playing Encryption is needed to protect data. But what would happen if we allowed artificial intelligence to create its own encryption strategy?  ( Chis Jackson | Getty Images ) Advertisement The machines are getting smarter folks, as they are now at a point where they can keep secrets from us. A team from Google Brain that is part of the company's deep learning project worked on artificial intelligence capable of protecting messages from prying eyes. What we have here is human-independent AI performing an encryption task that makes it difficult for us to crack. Just imagine computers encrypting our messages and data by their lonesome, and we can't have access to it. That's what Google is working on, and the company has experienced some success thus far. Google employees Martín Abadi and David G. Andersen are the men behind this exciting project. They created three test subjects - all neural networks - known only as Alice, Bob and Eve. The task is to have them pass notes to each other that are encrypted to a point where humans are unable to gain access. According to a report from New Scientist, Abadi and Andersen assigned tasks to each AI. Alice needed to send a message that only Bob can decipher and read, while Eve is tasked with how to decode the message. Not an easy task, even for an AI, because at first both Alice and Bob were terrible at hiding their secrets, but things got better over time. "We ask whether neural networks can learn to use secret keys to protect information from other neural networks. Specifically, we focus on ensuring confidentiality properties in a multiagent system, and we specify those properties in terms of an adversary," wrote Abadi and Andersen. "Thus, a system may consist of neural networks named Alice and Bob, and we aim to limit what a third neural network named Eve learns from eavesdropping on the communication between Alice and Bob." AIs Becoming Smarter Alice was able to create her own encryption, and Bob managed to figure out how to decrypt it. This was all achieved after more than 15,000 tries. It reached a point where Bob could decrypt Alice's text messages back into normal plain text, and Eve could only figure out eight of the 16 bits that form the message. Here's something rather interesting. You see, researchers have no idea how the encryption works. Machine learning can provide the solution without much fuss, but when it comes down to understanding the whole thing, that's when problem arises. Also, one cannot guarantee security would be tight if these practices are used in the real world, so as it stands, AI is not yet ready to create encryptions from scratch, but that day will come as they learn. Google Brain is pretty awesome, for because of it, the Google Translate feature has gotten a huge boost in accuracy. TAG Machine learning, Google Brain, Artificial Intelligence © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Doctors Still Know Best: Human Physicians Outperform Symptom-Checker Apps In Offering Correct Diagnoses, Says Study IBM To Offer Employees Access To Watson Technology To Fight Cancer Starting January 2017 Humanoid Robot Kengoro ‘Sweats’ To Cool Down, Power Through Push-Ups Apple Taps Carnegie Mellon AI Expert Ruslan Salakhutdinov: Siri Getting Beefed Up? Microsoft Achieves Human Parity In Conversational Speech Recognition Thanks To New System From Our Sponsor Bluetooth Speakers: The Conveniences They Bring And The Advantages Over Wired Speakers At a time when almost every portable electronic device come with their own speakers, are Bluetooth speakers becoming obsolete? The truth is far from it as Bluetooth speakers bring many conveniences and have several advantages over wired speakers SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 2 Space How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech BlackBerry Keyboard Phone Promised To Come: Can It Rise Among The Upcoming Generation Of Bezel-Free Smartphones? Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 7 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 8 Earth/Environment Good News For Earth? New Study Reveals Flat Carbon Emission Levels In 3 Years 9 Gadgets Snapchat Spectacles, Nintendo NES Classic Edition Are The Hottest Tech Products This Month, But You Can't Buy Them Yet 10 Apps/Software Samsung Offers Developers $10,000 Per App Via Tizen Mobile App Incentive Program EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Trending: DONALD TRUMP TRANSITION HILLARY CLINTON BARACK OBAMA ROB KARDASHIAN Bartolo Colon Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College High School The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Homes Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP TRANSITION HILLARY CLINTON BARACK OBAMA ROB KARDASHIAN Bartolo Colon New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College High School More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email WikiLeaks dump reveals how Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta was hacked  WikiLeaks dump shows how Clinton chairman John Podesta was hacked BY Chris Sommerfeldt NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Friday, October 28, 2016, 11:18 PM facebook Tweet email BY Chris Sommerfeldt NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Friday, October 28, 2016, 11:18 PM The massive Hillary Clinton campaign email leak appears to have been caused by an inconspicuous email sent to one of the Democratic nominee's top staffers, newly unearthed evidence shows. A trove of emails released by anti-secrecy site WikiLeaks Friday suggests that Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta received an email on March 19 that appeared to come from a Google tech support account. The email told him that somebody had attempted to sign on to his Gmail account in Ukraine and that he needed to change his password "immediately." Podesta forwarded the email to his chief of staff, Sara Latham, who in turn forwarded it to the Clinton campaign operations help desk for assistance. Brooklyn-based tech staffer Charles Delavan picked up the request. "This is a legitimate email. John needs to change his password immediately," Delavan responded. "It is absolutely imperative that this is done ASAP." WikiLeaks reveals Obama emails to Podesta before he took office A WikiLeaks dump suggests John Podesta was hacked after an inconspicuous email asked him to change his password. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) Latham forwarded Delavan's response to another staffer, Milia Fisher, who was asked to call Podesta and guide him through the password reset process. Turns out the "change your password" request was anything but "legitimate." The initial email from what appeared to be a Google account asked Podesta to follow a link to a website where he could reset his password. But rather than taking him to an actual Google site, the link took Podesta to a web address hooked up to a computer in the Netherlands, the Associated Press reported. Clinton campaign tech staffer Charles Delavan told Podesta the email was "legitimate." (Facebook) The Clinton campaign declined to comment on whether Podesta actually clicked the link, but the email correspondence suggests he did. Five months after the correspondence outlined in Friday's leak, hackers successfully downloaded more than 50,000 emails from Podesta's accounts and subsequently released them to WikiLeaks. WikiLeaks dump: Clinton aides panicked after private server news Clinton spokesman Glen Caplin told the Daily News Friday that the campaign is not authenticating any emails released by WikiLeaks, and blasted GOP nominee Donald Trump for denying the U.S. State Department's conclusion that the embarrassing hack into Podesta's email servers could only have been ordered by senior Russian government officials. "The nominee of what was once the party of Reagan is taking Putin's denial of the hacking over the clear conclusions of the U.S. intelligence community," Caplin said. "We know that Trump won't stand up to Putin but it's bizarre that Republican leaders won't stand up to Trump on this national security issue." The WikiLeaks dumps have caused frequent headaches for the Clinton campaign. (Drew Angerer/Getty Images) WikiLeaks has released roughly 35,000 Clinton campaign emails since August, causing frequent and embarassing disruptions for the Democratic nominee.   The hacked email correspondence about Podesta's password was among more than 1,400 messages published by WikiLeaks on Friday, and comes on the same day as the FBI reopened its investigation into Clinton's handling of her private email server after discovering a trove of new emails while investigating disgraced New York politician Anthony Weiner's recent sexting scandal. Weiner's estranged wife is Clinton campaign Vice Chairwoman Huma Abedin. Erica Garner rips Clinton camp over emails on her father's death The FBI would not elaborate on what the newly revealed emails might contain, but said it will review them "to determine whether they contain classified information." Tags: hillary clinton john podesta wikileaks 2016 election Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet PC Richard and Son Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Media Kit Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Daily News Covers © Copyright 2016 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
50° Mostly Cloudy Now Streaming Monday Night Live Home Shows WBAL News Now with Bryan Nehman Weekdays, 5am - 9am The C4 Show Weekdays, 9am - 1pm The Derek Hunter Show Weekdays, 1pm - 3pm WBAL News Now with Bill and Stacy Weekdays, 3pm - 6:30pm The Brett Hollander Show Weeknights, 7pm - 10pm The Jimmy Mathis Show Saturdays, 7am - 10am Brian Kroneberger Financial Hour Saturdays, 10am - 11am Maryland's News Extra Saturdays, 3pm - 4pm Maryland's News This Week Sundays, 10am - 11am Broadcast Schedule Podcasts Listen Live News Local Audio/Video National/World Politics Session 2016 Commitment 2016 Freddie Gray ABC News Business Health Tech Entertainment News Blogs RSS Weather Forecast Hourly Local Map Beach Weather & Traffic Traffic Baltimore Traffic Conditions Beach Weather & Traffic Sports NFL / Ravens MLB / Orioles College Hoops Auto Racing Horse Racing Navy Football Golf College Football Other Sports Ravens Ravens News NFL News Programs Ravens Schedule Orioles Orioles News MLB News Cal 2131 Anniversary Commentary C4 Commentary Derek Hunter Commentary Jonathan Murray Josh Spiegel Commentary Video 1090AM Video WBAL TV Info About WBAL Staff Contact Us Advertise with WBAL Kids Campaign Employment Events Internship Contest Rules Public File Apps Rising Star: YouTube Playing Key Role In Google's Success Print Friday, October 28, 2016 Associated Press Credit: Associated Press SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- YouTube has emerged as a break-out star in Google's cast of services as the online video site upstages cable television for a younger generation of viewers looking for amusement, news and music on their smartphones. The trend is contributing to an advertising shift away from traditional network television programming to the more eclectic and diversified mix of clips ranging from cute cat videos to sobering shots of street violence found on YouTube. As more advertising dollars flow to YouTube, it's making the already hugely profitable Google even more prosperous. In a third-quarter report released Thursday, Google's corporate parent, Alphabet Inc., said it earned $5.1 billion, or $7.25 per share, a 27 percent increase from the same time last year. After subtracting advertising commissions, revenue climbed 21 percent to $18.3 billion. Both figures topped analyst projections. All that money is providing Google with more financial firepower to buy the rights to stream cable networks' shows on YouTube, too, something likely to reel in even more viewers. It also is helping to finance Alphabet's investments in far-flung projects ranging from self-driving cars to internet-beaming balloons. That segment, known as "Other Bets," lost $865 million during the July-September period, narrowing from a $980 million setback last year as Alphabet imposed more expense controls. SMART DEAL YouTube already has proven to be one of the best bets that Google has ever made since it bought the video site for $1.76 billion a decade ago. At that juncture, YouTube consisted mostly of crudely made videos shot by amateurs and clips pirated from movie and TV studios that were threatening to sue the site into oblivion. It had built a worldwide audience of about 72 million viewers when Google took control in November 2006. Since then, YouTube has evolved into a far more polished channel that has spawned unlikely stars such as "PewDiePie" (Swedish comedian Felix Arvid Ulf Kjellberg) while largely making peace with studios by creating an automated screening system that detects pirated content. YouTube says it has paid more than $2 billion to studios that have chosen to leave their material on the site and share in the ad revenue generated by their clips. Meanwhile, YouTube's audience has surpassed 1 billion, with 80 percent of the viewers outside the U.S. YouTube also boasts that its site reaches more people between the ages of 18 and 34 years old - the "millennial" generation - than any cable network. That segment of YouTube's audience is a major reason why more than half its video clips are watched on mobile devices. Google CEO Sundar Pichai likened YouTube to prime-time TV "for the mobile world" in a Thursday conference call that was streamed on YouTube. He told analysts that YouTube "continues to shine" as more major advertisers promote their brands on the site. Alphabet doesn't disclose how much money YouTube is making, but RBC Capital analyst Mark Mahaney estimates YouTube's annual revenue has now reached $10 billion and is increasing by as much as 40 percent a year. The growth makes YouTube "one of the strongest assets fundamentally on the internet today," Mahaney wrote in a research note earlier this week. STILL LACKING Despite its progress, YouTube has been slow in realizing its full potential, leaving it vulnerable to new challengers for viewer's attention, such as Facebook's Live video feature, says Edward Jones analyst Josh Olson. The problem, as Olson sees it, is that YouTube has had trouble persuading TV and movie studios to license more of their content on their site, something that that might have made YouTube as dominant in video as Google is in search. But YouTube could be on a major breakthrough, according to a report published earlier this month in The Wall Street Journal. Citing unidentified people familiar with the matter, the newspaper said Google had reached an agreement with CBS to include its network in a cable-like service called "Unplugged" that will debut on YouTube next year. Google is also negotiating for the rights to the Fox network, ESPN and NBC, among others, the Journal said. Google cited YouTube licensing rights as one of the reasons that its costs to generate revenue, excluding ad commissions, rose by $1 billion, or 30 percent, from last year. "The dam appears to be finally cracking" for even better content to come to YouTube, Olson said. © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Learn more about our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Article is invalid or is no longer published. Sponsors Other Stories Baltimore Co. Fire Supervisor Criticized For Facebook Posts Mark Trumbo Declines Qualifying Offer From Orioles Harbaugh Discusses Alex Lewis Injury, Prep For Cowboys Man Charged With Fatally Stabbing His 80-Year-Old Mother PBS Journalist Gwen Ifill Dies Of Cancer Top WBAL Radio is Maryland’s leading source for news, weather, sports and stimulating discussions. About WBAL Radio Employment Advertise With WBAL.COM Contest Rules RSS Feeds EEO Public File Report Public File Privacy Policy Follow us on: © 2016 Hearst Stations, Inc. AP Material © 2016 The Associated Press
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Phone Comparisons: iPhone 7 vs Google Pixel – Android Headlines Posted on October 28, 2016 by Android Headlines Do we have a good one for you today – the iPhone 7 takes on its new rival from Google, the Google Pixel. The iPhone 7 did not physically change much since last year and still uses the all-metal look, although the antenna lines have been moved further … Android Circuit: Note 7 Horror Hobbles Galaxy S8, Pixel XL Secrets, Apple Messages For AndroidForbes 10 Common Google Pixel Problems & How to Fix ThemGotta Be Mobile Google tries new approach with voice on Pixel phoneReuters Fortune -CNET -9 to 5 Google -Tech Times all 401 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Chainfire achieves systemless root access to Pixel, available to the public soon By John Hoff - October 28, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Getting root access has become a more complicated thing ever since Google tightened up on the security and file integrity protocols of Android starting with Marshmallow, and now into Android Nougat. Developers have had to become more creative in gaining root, but that is not stopping the legendary Chainfire. He has tweeted that he has gained root access to the Google Pixel which runs on Android 7.1 Nougat, and that an updated SuperSU should be published soon. Chainfire first tweeted this: The developer tweeted a follow-up, saying that “automating, cleanup, packaging etc could take a few days.” If you’re still a bit hazy on what just happened, it means that root access to the Google Pixel has been gained without compromising the file integrity of system files. That is an achievement in itself, given how Android 7.1 Nougat has been built. Here’s a photo from Chainfire, just for posterity. It should only be a few days or a week or so before we see the official SuperSU app come out for systemless root on the Google Pixel. Once again, we will just need to wait until Chainfire finally delivers the goods. SOURCE: @ChainfireXDA Story Timeline Chainfire outs ‘suhide’, hides root status from other apps Navbar Apps lets you personalize the navigation bar sans root access Pixel phones from Google Store will be rootable, bootloaders unlockable TAGS Android Android Nougat Chainfire Google Google Pixel root SuperSU Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,403FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,000FollowersFollow 59,238SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 28 GOOG: 795.37 0.02 Here’s what the new Allo chat themes are going to look like when they launch [Gallery] Stephen Hall - 2 weeks ago @hallstephenj Apps and Updates Google Google Allo View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit We told you in our quick teardown of Google Allo 2.0 just a couple days ago that we found evidence that Google is preparing to add chat themes to its Allo messenger. Now we have actually managed to enable these themes on a rooted device and we’ve screenshotted them for you to check out before the app actually gets them… If you have the latest version of Allo, you may have noticed that Google added a “Monochrome” theme option in the “General settings” menu. That option doesn’t make sense in the current version, because the monochrome mode isn’t really all that much different than the mostly-monochrome default theme. But that’s about to change, because you’re soon going to be able to pick from a variety of colorful themes for each of your chats. As you can see below, these match up pretty well with the many theme names we discovered the other day. They range from “Moon” to “Sorbet” to “Clouds”. Please ignore my terribly hideous Allo selfie. It seems that the app is going to suggest that you pick a theme every time you start a new conversation, and then you’ll be able to change it at any time from the same menu that houses other chat details like notifications and seeing a gallery of shared media. Here’s what the theme picker and the chat settings menus look like: The Google Allo 2.0 update is a pretty substantial one, but this is one of those features that look to be waiting for a Google server-side switch. Other than this, Allo 2.0 has app shortcuts that let you create a conversation by tapping and holding the icon from the home screen, Quick Reply for replying from an Allo notification, multi-window mode for using the app alongside another one in Android Nougat, and a new accessibility mode. We still don’t know when chat themes will roll out in Allo, but stay tuned as we learn more. So it seems monochrome in Allo 2 doesn’t serve much purpose yet, but you’re going to want to have that option when chat themes are added. — Stephen Hall (@hallstephenj) October 26, 2016 Guides Apps and Updates View THe Guide Google View THe Guide Google Allo View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Election / Is this the email that hacked John Podesta’s account? Is this the email that hacked John Podesta’s account? Posted on Friday, October 28, 2016 by CNN in Election A phishing email sent to Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta may have been so sophisticated that it fooled the campaign’s own IT staffers, who at one point advised him it was a legitimate warning to change his password. The stolen email thread, released by WikiLeaks Friday, also provides the most direct evidence yet that the Russian government was behind the damaging hack into the Clinton campaign, according to a private cybersecurity company. The thread shows a Clinton campaign staffer writing that a phishing email sent to Podesta’s Gmail account on March 19, 2016, is “legitimate,” though the staffer advises him to go through Google’s official procedures to update his password. It’s not clear if Podesta gave hackers his password before he was advised by his staff, or if the email in question was the one that led to the hack. The Clinton campaign has not commented directly on the hacked emails and CNN cannot independently verify their authenticity. On its face, the source of the potentially dangerous email is Google, but a closer look at the actual mailing address shows an unfamiliar or bogus-looking account: “no-reply@accounts.googlemail.com.” The subject line warns, “Someone has your password” and the body of the message says “someone” in Ukraine tried, but was stopped, from signing into Podesta’s account. “You should change your password immediately,” the email warns. The words “CHANGE PASSWORD” then appear — inviting Podesta to click on them — as a way to do just that. But the address did not link to a secure Google web page, instead directing the user blindly via bit.ly, a service used to shorten or conceal web addresses. According to the cybersercurity company SecureWorks, the link used in the Podesta email was clicked two times. If his information was entered into a form on the landing site — potentially run by a hacker — the floodgates could have opened right there. Podesta was not the only Clinton campaign staffer targeted, SecureWorks found. “We saw 108 email addresses targeted and we know that 20 of the links that were sent to those individuals were clicked,” Phil Burdette, a senior security researcher at the firm, told CNN on Friday. There were 213 similar bit.ly links created, he said, but because there were duplicates it is likely the same accounts received multiple phishing messages. It is unclear if anyone else targeted entered their information. The Russian connection The US government has pinned other cyberattacks targeting Democratic groups — including the summer’s hack of the Democratic National Committee — on the Russian government, though it has not yet accused Moscow of the Podesta hack. Moscow has denied involvement. SecureWorks, however, says Friday’s email thread provides proof of Russia’s involvement in the Podesta hack. The group points to evidence that “Fancy Bear” — the name of the cyberespionage group also believed to have carried out the allegedly Russia-led DNC hacks — was involved in the Podesta thefts. “Fancy Bear” is a nickname for one of the Russian military-intelligence hacking groups that were discovered in the DNC’s servers. Other cyberfirms have corroborated these findings, as has the US government. SecureWorks has linked the bit.ly account used in the Podesta phishing attack to “Fancy Bear.” WikiLeaks has denied working with the Russians, though the group won’t reveal its sources for the material it releases. Don Smith, the director of cyberintelligence at SecureWorks, said historically, the targeting of the bit.ly campaign appears aimed at military attaches in Western embassies, in addition to dissidents in Ukraine and Georgia and journalists outside Russia. But the phishing operation retrained its focus in March 2016, he said, employing the same tactics in an effort to breach the DNC and Clinton campaign staff email. “You don’t have to think very hard to determine it was one of the Russian intelligence agencies,” Smith said. Giuliani, Blitzer spar over Clinton email case Obama doubles down on support of Clinton despite FBI review Related Posts The most memorable quotes from the Republican debate in Houston Donald Trump aide Michael Cohen challenges GOP field on women’s pay Trump says WikiLeaks email shows collusion between Clinton, DOJ Hillary Clinton sighs in relief, Bernie Sanders pledges revolution Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Brad Ideas Crazy ideas, inventions and essays from Brad Templeton. Computers, Robocars, Civil Rights, Photography and more. Panoramics Photos Rec.humor.funny Joke Site Robocar Bog Twitter Best of Blog Brad's Home Robocars.com Home » Topic » Robocars Uber buys Otto, folks leave Google, Ford goes big, Tesla dumps MobilEye Submitted by brad on Thu, 2016-08-18 15:18. Robocars The past period has seen some very big robocar news. Real news, not the constant “X is partnering with Y” press releases that fill the airwaves some times. Uber has made a deal to purchase Otto, a self-driving truck company I wrote about earlier founded by several friends of mine from Google. The rumoured terms of the deal as astronomical — possibly 1% of Uber’s highly valued stock (which means almost $700M) and other performance rewards. I have no other information yet on the terms, but it’s safe to say Otto was just getting started with ambitious goals and would not have sold for less than an impressive amount. For a company only 6 months old, the rumoured terms surpass even the amazing valuation stories of Cruise and Zoox. While Otto has been working on self-driving technology for trucks, any such technology can also move into cars. Uber already has an active lab in Pittsburgh, but up to now has not been involved in long haul trucking. (It does do local deliveries in some places.) There are many startups out there calling themselves the “Uber for Trucks” and Otto has revealed it was also working on shipping management platform tools, so this will strike some fear into those startups. Because of my friendship with Otto’s team, I will do more commentary when more details become public. In other Uber news, Uber has announced it will sell randomly assigned Uber rides in their self-driving vehicles in Pittsburgh. If your ride request is picked at random (and because it’s in the right place) Uber will send one of their own cars to drive you on your ride, and will make the ride free, to boot. Of course, there will be an Uber safety driver in the vehicle monitoring it and ready to take over in any problem or complex situation. So the rides are a gimmick to some extent, but if they were not free, it would be a sign of another way to get customers to pay for the cost of testing and verifying self-driving cars. The free rides, however, will probably actually cause more people to take Uber rides hoping they will win the lottery and get not simply the free ride but the self-driving ride. GM announced a similar program for Lyft — but not until next year. Ford also goes all-in, but with a later date Ford has announced it wants to commit to making unmanned capable taxi vehicles, the same thing Uber, Google, Cruise/GM, Zoox and most non-car companies want to make. For many years I have outlined the difference between the usual car company approaches, which are evolutionary and involve taking cars and improving their computers and the approaches of the non-car companies which bypass all legacy thinking (mostly around ADAS) to go directly to the final target. I call that “taking a computer and putting wheels on it.” It’s a big and bold move for Ford to switch to the other camp, and a good sign for them. They have said they will have a fleet of such vehicles as soon as 2021. Other companies have announced plans to go for unmanned capable taxi vehicles, particularly Daimler and BMW, but they still maintain active “evolutionary” projects which hope to build on their prior ADAS work. Velodyne The other big news is that Ford, together with Baidu have made a $150M investment in Velodyne. Velodyne has been for a decade the primary supplier of LIDARs for robocar research projects, but their LIDARs are research instruments, high performance at high cost. In the meantime, other companies (such as Quanergy, for whom I am an advisor) have been pushing to make better priced LIDARs for real production. The Velodynes have been the right choice, because it is smart to research with what’s expensive today, knowing it will get cheap in the future. Baidu’s test cars have had Velodynes on them, but there were recent rumours of Baidu experimenting with alternatives to LIDAR, but this investment may counter those rumours. This investment will move Velodyne more to a lower cost production unit, though at present at a higher cost than the solid-state plans of Quanergy and some others. Google Departures Otto included a few people from Google’s car team. It was also recently revealed that Chris Urmson, who had run the team for most of its existence and was moved to “CTO” after the arrival of John Krafcik, has departed. I worked for Chris but he has not told me his reason for departure. In general, Google’s car team has gotten huge, and the recently departed people are mostly folks who were among the first 20 on the team. This may simply be a sign of massive expansion, I have not heard much to credit the idea that there is some sort of internal chaos. In addition, deals like the Otto deal will certainly cause people to consider if they want to work for a big corporation or break out on their own. MobilEye A few weeks ago, MobilEye issued a press release that they would not be supplying the next generation of their EyeQ chips to Tesla. The EyeQ4 is a great deal more sophisticated than the EyeQ3 that Telsa uses, and Tesla even uses an older version with a more limited set of features — including, most famously, the inability to detect things like cross traffic. Since MobilEye announced it, it seems like it was their decision (You don’t usually issue a press release to say you have been dumped by a smaller customer.) It caused their stock to take a quick big hit (Disclaimer, I own a small amount) on the day of the announcement, but it recovered reasonably well. Tesla’s stock was not affected. Tesla folks have always claimed that they only made minimal use of ME’s functionality, and that the real special sauce was theirs. ME folks have claimed the opposite. This break-up will settle that question, and presumably Tesla has been working on alternatives for a while as they don’t seem to be in much panic about it. Tesla has made announcements of plans for their new hardware and those plans look very similar to the EyeQ4, so they must have had their own parallel research underway. » brad's blog Question Submitted by Bill D (not verified) on Thu, 2016-08-18 16:41. Brad, Any thoughts about the MIT / DARPA announcement they might be able to design lidars on a chip to be priced at around $10 each Does that seem feasible to you? Significant? http://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/semiconductors/optoelectronics/mit-li... » reply Solid state Submitted by brad on Fri, 2016-08-19 00:24. This project is attempting to do a solid state LIDAR, which is also the goal of Quanergy. Quanergy is much further along, and others hope to do the same thing. The $10 price point is when you are making many millions of the chip, and yes, anything that can go on one chip in those quantities can get a cost that low, though usually you add a few other things beyond the chip. Whether it is this, or Quanergy, or other companies working on it, low cost LIDAR is definitely coming, and will be used on all robocars, I predict, even Tesla (though Elon has sworn otherwise.) Or at least it will until there is some remarkable breakthrough in computer vision. Which is not impossible, but not here yet. I expect the cheap lidars are sooner. But if you have cheap lidar and cheap camera you use both, of course, at least for the first decade. » reply Current cost of lidar Submitted by Bo Nordlin (not verified) on Fri, 2016-08-19 03:13. Brad, I highly appreciate your writing. What are the current cost of lidars in an autonomous vehicle, and what has been the typical yearly price reduction so far? » reply Current cost Submitted by brad on Sun, 2016-08-21 18:09. There is no standard LIDAR. Velodyne makes several products ranging from $8,000 to $75,000. Valeo sells a simple 4 plane designed by Ibeo for $250 but it’s not really suitable for self-driving. Quanergy has a $1,000 8 laser unit being tested by some automakers. There are a few other research ones out there. Many companies have this in development, they only just figured it out a while ago. It is reasonable to expect that suitable LIDARs will be under $250, perhaps far under, but you may need more than one. » reply Quanergy et al chip based LiDAR RANGE Submitted by Rutt Bridges (not verified) on Sun, 2016-08-21 18:59. Brad, While I have seen multiple stories about chip-based LiDAR (mostly re: Quanergy), the one thing I haven't see is a spec on range. While the cost-effectiveness of these units could be a real breakthrough for driverless vehicles, if the range is under 100 feet their application will be quite limited. Have you seen or heard any quotes on range? » reply Range Submitted by brad on Mon, 2016-08-22 03:25. Range for LIDARs is more a function of their light frequency and eye safety rules. You can’t emit so much power that it would be dangerous to the eye. At that maximum power, you can go about 100m on a dark object and still be seen coming back (against the sun.) You can go further on brighter objects, and most objects are brighter, but you have to focus on that minimum range. » reply More sensitive lidar Submitted by Anonymous (not verified) on Fri, 2016-10-28 16:33. Brad, there's an Israeli company working on more sensitive lidar sensors with a better range. » reply That is true Submitted by brad on Fri, 2016-10-28 16:40. They are in my queue to write about » reply Don't forget the poaching of Apple's talent Submitted by Mario Herger (not verified) on Thu, 2016-08-18 19:41. Faraday Future also poached this week a high-profile Apple-engineer on self-driving and computervision: https://electrek.co/2016/08/15/apple-project-titan-loses-self-driving-an... Then the billboards all over highway 101 about the nano-degree in self-driving by Sebastian Thrun's Udacity It's astonishing the tempo that this has taken and accelerating... » reply ... but Apple also picked up an entire company's worth of PhDs Submitted by David Rostcheck (not verified) on Mon, 2016-08-22 08:52. Apple just bought Turi (nee Dato, nee GraphLab). In doing so they acquired the GraphLab Create and Turi Distributed platforms, nice toolkits that accelerate common Machine Learning tasks. However, those don't seem to fit with Apple's product portfolio at all. However they also acquired 50+ data scientists, most with PhDs. To me it looks like perhaps it's an acqui-hire, so they can use those resources on their internal ML projects (cough-self-driving-car-cough). Disclaimer: I'm an evangelist for Turi (i.e. a run a users' group for them, for which I get no cash compensation but do get the occasional perk like a conference ticket). However, I have no special knowledge about their business internals and this is speculation on my part. » reply Tesla & maps Submitted by Anonymous (not verified) on Sat, 2016-08-20 11:22. Hi, have you heard any news on tesla negotiating with a global mapmaker? I heard it here (webinar on high definition maps) http://ww2.frost.com/research/industry/automotive-transportation/automot... » reply Taxi model Submitted by Bejoy (not verified) on Mon, 2016-09-12 02:45. Hi Brad Given the pace at which taxi firms are trying to develop autonomous cars and autonomous car developers are increasingly foreseeing a car-on-demand model for the SDC operations, it remains to be seen how car owners/operators will prevent people from misusing the cars - Misusing meaning everything from pure vandalism and dirtying the car to outright car jacking/ using as a self-guided ballistic missile? Would you know if these firms have something in mind to prevent such incidents? » reply Rental cars Submitted by brad on Mon, 2016-09-12 11:12. Are these issues different from the issues with rental cars (Hertz) or carshare (Zipcar)? If they don’t have a wheel, you can’t use them as a missile (unless you physically alter the car, which again you can do with any rental car.) » reply You are right! Autonomous Submitted by Bejoy John (not verified) on Fri, 2016-09-16 02:45. You are right! Autonomous cars as missiles seem to be less of a threat. But when it comes to rental cars or car share, at the end of the day, the guy who takes it out has to face the owner of the car when handing it back. That leaves them kind of "obliged" to take care of the car in their custody, which is what prevents people from vandalizing the vehicle. Even a contract to take care of the car is useless if the car owner isn't around to track vandalism and take defaulters to task. Compare that to public toilets where no one is watching you use it and you don't have to face the owner(the govt., public utility cos). So people do not care so much and just use and leave it as they feel. Even facing another user doesn't seem to have the same effect as facing the owner. I see an analog in current business models of autonomous cars - nobody is watching you use it and the car just goes to the next guy who wants to use it. That made me wonder if such consumer behavior is already factored in (but maybe not announced) by autonomous car companies or is it that measures to counter such behavior need to be developed. » reply I have a number of articles on this topic Submitted by brad on Fri, 2016-09-16 10:36. Mostly related to the privacy problems because taxi owners will indeed want cameras to stop damage (mostly accidental) to cars as well as people leaving their stuff in them. My current model is as you leave (to stop the meter running) you flip the lever on the camera’s cover, it takes a photo after you are out, and compares it to the photo before you got in, and if there’s a difference, it is examined. In most cases it’s, “You left your bag in the car” but sometimes it’s “You spilled your drink or puked” and the car goes to the car wash and you get the bill. » reply Comment viewing options Flat list - collapsedFlat list - expandedThreaded list - collapsedThreaded list - expanded Date - newest firstDate - oldest first 10 comments per page30 comments per page50 comments per page70 comments per page90 comments per page150 comments per page200 comments per page250 comments per page300 comments per page Select your preferred way to display the comments and click "Save settings" to activate your changes. Post new comment Question: What is the last name of the blogger?: * His name is Brad Templeton. You figure it out. Your name: Please make up a name if you do not wish to give your real one. E-mail: The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Homepage: Personal home pages only. Posts with biz home pages get deleted and search engines ignore all links Subject: Comment: * Allowed HTML tags: <a> <em> <strong> <cite> <code> <ul> <ol> <li> <dl> <dt> <dd> Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. More information about formatting options Save my Comment Information for next time. Navigation Topic Best Of Blog Air Travel Announcements Brad's Rant Burning Man Comedy Free Speech Futurism Going Green Governance Health Intellectual Property Internet Inventions Media New Democracy Observations Photography Politics Privacy Random Ideas Review Robocars Solve this Spam Technology Telecom Transportation What a great idea Archives Battlestar Blog Forums Recent posts Tags Privacy User login Username: * Password: * Request new password If you like this blog, do me a favour and start your Amazon shopping from this link, and I'll get a cut. Recent comments president same royal blood Anonymous (not verified) Nov 14 2016 - 09:49 Robothings & sharing private robo car can manage the peak Hunt Lee (not verified) Nov 6 2016 - 23:16 Peak demand brad Nov 6 2016 - 20:20 Speed brad Nov 5 2016 - 20:41 Robotaxi operators and private robocars Kevin (not verified) Nov 5 2016 - 18:01 ride performance George (not verified) Nov 5 2016 - 11:51 Effective satire Persol (not verified) Nov 5 2016 - 11:15 The statistics are unsourced brad Nov 4 2016 - 11:47 I have no idea brad Nov 4 2016 - 11:44 Parapgraphs brad Nov 4 2016 - 11:41 Top Essays Copyright Robocars Solving the copyright crisis Spam Spam History GMail DNS Microrefunds Bill Gates Wealth Darth Darth Binks Future of TV Ads Complete Set Donate Bitcoin 1JLEzkRutp2q5xrv9jzd9CVgLp4g79S4M8 Recent blog posts How will robotaxi services compete in the future? If you built "Westworld" (or other robot sex) it would probably be with VR Comma.ai cancels comma-one add-on box after threats from NHTSA Of the SAE's robocar "levels" only level 4 will be meaningful, and only partly Our routers need to remove the "internet" from the "internet of things" to stop DDOS Vendors push back on California Robocar regulations - plus Tesla and Apple news Most voting is about the next election, not this one. Yikes - even Barack Obama wants to solve robocar "Trolley Problems" now The social networks could hold great political power due to GOTV. Should they? NHTSA Regulations part 4: Crashes, Training, Certification, State Law, Operation, Validation and Autopilots more Blogroll EFF Deep Links Google+ Syndicate
Brad Ideas Crazy ideas, inventions and essays from Brad Templeton. Computers, Robocars, Civil Rights, Photography and more. Panoramics Photos Rec.humor.funny Joke Site Robocar Bog Twitter Best of Blog Brad's Home Robocars.com Home » Topic » Robocars Uber buys Otto, folks leave Google, Ford goes big, Tesla dumps MobilEye Submitted by brad on Thu, 2016-08-18 15:18. Robocars The past period has seen some very big robocar news. Real news, not the constant “X is partnering with Y” press releases that fill the airwaves some times. Uber has made a deal to purchase Otto, a self-driving truck company I wrote about earlier founded by several friends of mine from Google. The rumoured terms of the deal as astronomical — possibly 1% of Uber’s highly valued stock (which means almost $700M) and other performance rewards. I have no other information yet on the terms, but it’s safe to say Otto was just getting started with ambitious goals and would not have sold for less than an impressive amount. For a company only 6 months old, the rumoured terms surpass even the amazing valuation stories of Cruise and Zoox. While Otto has been working on self-driving technology for trucks, any such technology can also move into cars. Uber already has an active lab in Pittsburgh, but up to now has not been involved in long haul trucking. (It does do local deliveries in some places.) There are many startups out there calling themselves the “Uber for Trucks” and Otto has revealed it was also working on shipping management platform tools, so this will strike some fear into those startups. Because of my friendship with Otto’s team, I will do more commentary when more details become public. In other Uber news, Uber has announced it will sell randomly assigned Uber rides in their self-driving vehicles in Pittsburgh. If your ride request is picked at random (and because it’s in the right place) Uber will send one of their own cars to drive you on your ride, and will make the ride free, to boot. Of course, there will be an Uber safety driver in the vehicle monitoring it and ready to take over in any problem or complex situation. So the rides are a gimmick to some extent, but if they were not free, it would be a sign of another way to get customers to pay for the cost of testing and verifying self-driving cars. The free rides, however, will probably actually cause more people to take Uber rides hoping they will win the lottery and get not simply the free ride but the self-driving ride. GM announced a similar program for Lyft — but not until next year. Ford also goes all-in, but with a later date Ford has announced it wants to commit to making unmanned capable taxi vehicles, the same thing Uber, Google, Cruise/GM, Zoox and most non-car companies want to make. For many years I have outlined the difference between the usual car company approaches, which are evolutionary and involve taking cars and improving their computers and the approaches of the non-car companies which bypass all legacy thinking (mostly around ADAS) to go directly to the final target. I call that “taking a computer and putting wheels on it.” It’s a big and bold move for Ford to switch to the other camp, and a good sign for them. They have said they will have a fleet of such vehicles as soon as 2021. Other companies have announced plans to go for unmanned capable taxi vehicles, particularly Daimler and BMW, but they still maintain active “evolutionary” projects which hope to build on their prior ADAS work. Velodyne The other big news is that Ford, together with Baidu have made a $150M investment in Velodyne. Velodyne has been for a decade the primary supplier of LIDARs for robocar research projects, but their LIDARs are research instruments, high performance at high cost. In the meantime, other companies (such as Quanergy, for whom I am an advisor) have been pushing to make better priced LIDARs for real production. The Velodynes have been the right choice, because it is smart to research with what’s expensive today, knowing it will get cheap in the future. Baidu’s test cars have had Velodynes on them, but there were recent rumours of Baidu experimenting with alternatives to LIDAR, but this investment may counter those rumours. This investment will move Velodyne more to a lower cost production unit, though at present at a higher cost than the solid-state plans of Quanergy and some others. Google Departures Otto included a few people from Google’s car team. It was also recently revealed that Chris Urmson, who had run the team for most of its existence and was moved to “CTO” after the arrival of John Krafcik, has departed. I worked for Chris but he has not told me his reason for departure. In general, Google’s car team has gotten huge, and the recently departed people are mostly folks who were among the first 20 on the team. This may simply be a sign of massive expansion, I have not heard much to credit the idea that there is some sort of internal chaos. In addition, deals like the Otto deal will certainly cause people to consider if they want to work for a big corporation or break out on their own. MobilEye A few weeks ago, MobilEye issued a press release that they would not be supplying the next generation of their EyeQ chips to Tesla. The EyeQ4 is a great deal more sophisticated than the EyeQ3 that Telsa uses, and Tesla even uses an older version with a more limited set of features — including, most famously, the inability to detect things like cross traffic. Since MobilEye announced it, it seems like it was their decision (You don’t usually issue a press release to say you have been dumped by a smaller customer.) It caused their stock to take a quick big hit (Disclaimer, I own a small amount) on the day of the announcement, but it recovered reasonably well. Tesla’s stock was not affected. Tesla folks have always claimed that they only made minimal use of ME’s functionality, and that the real special sauce was theirs. ME folks have claimed the opposite. This break-up will settle that question, and presumably Tesla has been working on alternatives for a while as they don’t seem to be in much panic about it. Tesla has made announcements of plans for their new hardware and those plans look very similar to the EyeQ4, so they must have had their own parallel research underway. » brad's blog Question Submitted by Bill D (not verified) on Thu, 2016-08-18 16:41. Brad, Any thoughts about the MIT / DARPA announcement they might be able to design lidars on a chip to be priced at around $10 each Does that seem feasible to you? Significant? http://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/semiconductors/optoelectronics/mit-li... » reply Solid state Submitted by brad on Fri, 2016-08-19 00:24. This project is attempting to do a solid state LIDAR, which is also the goal of Quanergy. Quanergy is much further along, and others hope to do the same thing. The $10 price point is when you are making many millions of the chip, and yes, anything that can go on one chip in those quantities can get a cost that low, though usually you add a few other things beyond the chip. Whether it is this, or Quanergy, or other companies working on it, low cost LIDAR is definitely coming, and will be used on all robocars, I predict, even Tesla (though Elon has sworn otherwise.) Or at least it will until there is some remarkable breakthrough in computer vision. Which is not impossible, but not here yet. I expect the cheap lidars are sooner. But if you have cheap lidar and cheap camera you use both, of course, at least for the first decade. » reply Current cost of lidar Submitted by Bo Nordlin (not verified) on Fri, 2016-08-19 03:13. Brad, I highly appreciate your writing. What are the current cost of lidars in an autonomous vehicle, and what has been the typical yearly price reduction so far? » reply Current cost Submitted by brad on Sun, 2016-08-21 18:09. There is no standard LIDAR. Velodyne makes several products ranging from $8,000 to $75,000. Valeo sells a simple 4 plane designed by Ibeo for $250 but it’s not really suitable for self-driving. Quanergy has a $1,000 8 laser unit being tested by some automakers. There are a few other research ones out there. Many companies have this in development, they only just figured it out a while ago. It is reasonable to expect that suitable LIDARs will be under $250, perhaps far under, but you may need more than one. » reply Quanergy et al chip based LiDAR RANGE Submitted by Rutt Bridges (not verified) on Sun, 2016-08-21 18:59. Brad, While I have seen multiple stories about chip-based LiDAR (mostly re: Quanergy), the one thing I haven't see is a spec on range. While the cost-effectiveness of these units could be a real breakthrough for driverless vehicles, if the range is under 100 feet their application will be quite limited. Have you seen or heard any quotes on range? » reply Range Submitted by brad on Mon, 2016-08-22 03:25. Range for LIDARs is more a function of their light frequency and eye safety rules. You can’t emit so much power that it would be dangerous to the eye. At that maximum power, you can go about 100m on a dark object and still be seen coming back (against the sun.) You can go further on brighter objects, and most objects are brighter, but you have to focus on that minimum range. » reply More sensitive lidar Submitted by Anonymous (not verified) on Fri, 2016-10-28 16:33. Brad, there's an Israeli company working on more sensitive lidar sensors with a better range. » reply That is true Submitted by brad on Fri, 2016-10-28 16:40. They are in my queue to write about » reply Don't forget the poaching of Apple's talent Submitted by Mario Herger (not verified) on Thu, 2016-08-18 19:41. Faraday Future also poached this week a high-profile Apple-engineer on self-driving and computervision: https://electrek.co/2016/08/15/apple-project-titan-loses-self-driving-an... Then the billboards all over highway 101 about the nano-degree in self-driving by Sebastian Thrun's Udacity It's astonishing the tempo that this has taken and accelerating... » reply ... but Apple also picked up an entire company's worth of PhDs Submitted by David Rostcheck (not verified) on Mon, 2016-08-22 08:52. Apple just bought Turi (nee Dato, nee GraphLab). In doing so they acquired the GraphLab Create and Turi Distributed platforms, nice toolkits that accelerate common Machine Learning tasks. However, those don't seem to fit with Apple's product portfolio at all. However they also acquired 50+ data scientists, most with PhDs. To me it looks like perhaps it's an acqui-hire, so they can use those resources on their internal ML projects (cough-self-driving-car-cough). Disclaimer: I'm an evangelist for Turi (i.e. a run a users' group for them, for which I get no cash compensation but do get the occasional perk like a conference ticket). However, I have no special knowledge about their business internals and this is speculation on my part. » reply Tesla & maps Submitted by Anonymous (not verified) on Sat, 2016-08-20 11:22. Hi, have you heard any news on tesla negotiating with a global mapmaker? I heard it here (webinar on high definition maps) http://ww2.frost.com/research/industry/automotive-transportation/automot... » reply Taxi model Submitted by Bejoy (not verified) on Mon, 2016-09-12 02:45. Hi Brad Given the pace at which taxi firms are trying to develop autonomous cars and autonomous car developers are increasingly foreseeing a car-on-demand model for the SDC operations, it remains to be seen how car owners/operators will prevent people from misusing the cars - Misusing meaning everything from pure vandalism and dirtying the car to outright car jacking/ using as a self-guided ballistic missile? Would you know if these firms have something in mind to prevent such incidents? » reply Rental cars Submitted by brad on Mon, 2016-09-12 11:12. Are these issues different from the issues with rental cars (Hertz) or carshare (Zipcar)? If they don’t have a wheel, you can’t use them as a missile (unless you physically alter the car, which again you can do with any rental car.) » reply You are right! Autonomous Submitted by Bejoy John (not verified) on Fri, 2016-09-16 02:45. You are right! Autonomous cars as missiles seem to be less of a threat. But when it comes to rental cars or car share, at the end of the day, the guy who takes it out has to face the owner of the car when handing it back. That leaves them kind of "obliged" to take care of the car in their custody, which is what prevents people from vandalizing the vehicle. Even a contract to take care of the car is useless if the car owner isn't around to track vandalism and take defaulters to task. Compare that to public toilets where no one is watching you use it and you don't have to face the owner(the govt., public utility cos). So people do not care so much and just use and leave it as they feel. Even facing another user doesn't seem to have the same effect as facing the owner. I see an analog in current business models of autonomous cars - nobody is watching you use it and the car just goes to the next guy who wants to use it. That made me wonder if such consumer behavior is already factored in (but maybe not announced) by autonomous car companies or is it that measures to counter such behavior need to be developed. » reply I have a number of articles on this topic Submitted by brad on Fri, 2016-09-16 10:36. Mostly related to the privacy problems because taxi owners will indeed want cameras to stop damage (mostly accidental) to cars as well as people leaving their stuff in them. My current model is as you leave (to stop the meter running) you flip the lever on the camera’s cover, it takes a photo after you are out, and compares it to the photo before you got in, and if there’s a difference, it is examined. In most cases it’s, “You left your bag in the car” but sometimes it’s “You spilled your drink or puked” and the car goes to the car wash and you get the bill. » reply Comment viewing options Flat list - collapsedFlat list - expandedThreaded list - collapsedThreaded list - expanded Date - newest firstDate - oldest first 10 comments per page30 comments per page50 comments per page70 comments per page90 comments per page150 comments per page200 comments per page250 comments per page300 comments per page Select your preferred way to display the comments and click "Save settings" to activate your changes. Post new comment Question: What is the last name of the blogger?: * His name is Brad Templeton. You figure it out. Your name: Please make up a name if you do not wish to give your real one. E-mail: The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Homepage: Personal home pages only. Posts with biz home pages get deleted and search engines ignore all links Subject: Comment: * Allowed HTML tags: <a> <em> <strong> <cite> <code> <ul> <ol> <li> <dl> <dt> <dd> Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. More information about formatting options Save my Comment Information for next time. Navigation Topic Best Of Blog Air Travel Announcements Brad's Rant Burning Man Comedy Free Speech Futurism Going Green Governance Health Intellectual Property Internet Inventions Media New Democracy Observations Photography Politics Privacy Random Ideas Review Robocars Solve this Spam Technology Telecom Transportation What a great idea Archives Battlestar Blog Forums Recent posts Tags Privacy User login Username: * Password: * Request new password If you like this blog, do me a favour and start your Amazon shopping from this link, and I'll get a cut. Recent comments president same royal blood Anonymous (not verified) Nov 14 2016 - 09:49 Robothings & sharing private robo car can manage the peak Hunt Lee (not verified) Nov 6 2016 - 23:16 Peak demand brad Nov 6 2016 - 20:20 Speed brad Nov 5 2016 - 20:41 Robotaxi operators and private robocars Kevin (not verified) Nov 5 2016 - 18:01 ride performance George (not verified) Nov 5 2016 - 11:51 Effective satire Persol (not verified) Nov 5 2016 - 11:15 The statistics are unsourced brad Nov 4 2016 - 11:47 I have no idea brad Nov 4 2016 - 11:44 Parapgraphs brad Nov 4 2016 - 11:41 Top Essays Copyright Robocars Solving the copyright crisis Spam Spam History GMail DNS Microrefunds Bill Gates Wealth Darth Darth Binks Future of TV Ads Complete Set Donate Bitcoin 1JLEzkRutp2q5xrv9jzd9CVgLp4g79S4M8 Recent blog posts How will robotaxi services compete in the future? If you built "Westworld" (or other robot sex) it would probably be with VR Comma.ai cancels comma-one add-on box after threats from NHTSA Of the SAE's robocar "levels" only level 4 will be meaningful, and only partly Our routers need to remove the "internet" from the "internet of things" to stop DDOS Vendors push back on California Robocar regulations - plus Tesla and Apple news Most voting is about the next election, not this one. Yikes - even Barack Obama wants to solve robocar "Trolley Problems" now The social networks could hold great political power due to GOTV. Should they? NHTSA Regulations part 4: Crashes, Training, Certification, State Law, Operation, Validation and Autopilots more Blogroll EFF Deep Links Google+ Syndicate
null
null
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Thornography Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Tim Hasselbeck on the Patriots issues without Jamie Collins 11-14-16 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - What's wrong with the Patriots defense?11-14-16 Dale & Holley   Hall of Famer Michael Irvin with Dale, Holley and Thornton 11-11-16 Weekend Shows   Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on the late non-call against Gronk - 11/14/16 Enough About Me   Ep. 40: Jerry Thornton Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offseason... by Rob Bradford Latest Blog Posts Source: Red Sox among most aggressive in pursuit of Greg... Mookie Betts named best defensive player in baseball Latest Columns Lessons from New England for Cubs fans wondering how life is about to... Why this World Series may be saving baseball Latest Audio Red Sox pitcher Joe Kelly with Mut & Bradford Alex Cora on John Farrell's managerial decisions and the Red... Patriots Christopher Price It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia Ryan Hannable John Tomase Featured Story What we learned: Patriots have to hope rest of AFC keeps struggling while they... by Christopher Price Latest Blog Posts Danny Amendola on OM&F: Patriots-Seahawks had playoff-like... Pete Carroll says Gillette Stadium was pretty quiet Sunday... Latest Columns Patriots players, coaches deserve to be second-guessed following loss... Loss shows Pats' D not close to championship caliber Final NE 24 Sea 31 Latest Audio Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on... Real Postgame Show - Seahawks conquer Gillette Stadium & the... Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach by Mike Petraglia Latest Blog Posts Celtics reportedly considering dealing Avery Bradley, Jae... Fast Break: Isaiah Thomas, James Young lead way as Celtics... Latest Columns Celtics rookie Jaylen Brown is real deal, but not for reasons you migh... Statue of liberty dunks, media disrespect, and a relentless will have... @8:00 PM NO Bos Latest Audio Celtics Season Preview - Brought to you by JBL, 10-26-16 Celtics Season Preview Bruins DJ Bean Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask named NHL’s First Star of Week 5 Things We Learned in a strong finish to brutal week of... Latest Columns Brad Marchand: From cocky kid, to party animal, to NHL superstar October provides proof that Bruins can't trade Tuukka Rask Nov 17 Min Bos Latest Audio Bruins Cast - B's missing offense but manage back-to-back... Bruins Cast - B's drop third straight in NY, frustration... National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Football MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Jose Abreu Opts Out of White Sox Contract: Latest Details,... Jeremy Hellickson Accepts Phillies' Qualifying Offer:... NFL Former Eagles Center Bill Lapham Dies at 82 Tom Brady Says He Won't Discuss Politics NBA Doug McDermott Injury: Updates on Bulls Forward's... NBA Trade Rumors: Latest on DeMarcus Cousins, Danilo... NHL NHL Power Rankings: B/R Experts' Week 6 Poll NHL Players with the Best Chances to Reach 100 Points in... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley WEEI at Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast New Age Insiders Podcast Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Latest Audio  OMF - What's wrong with the Patriots defense?11-14-16 K&C Recap Show - Tom Brady welches and a lashing for SNL,... Bad defense and goal line stand lead to a Patriots loss... OMF - LeGarrette Blount recaps the a disappointing final... OMF - SNL passes up on comedy after the election 11-14-16 Popular Audio  Ep. 40: Jerry Thornton K&C - Tom Brady on the Seahawks loss, his injured knee and... Latest Podcast  K&C Recap Show - Tom Brady welches and a lashing for SNL, Wanda,... Eagle Talk Episode 10 Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Rob Gronkowski not making excuses on final play Tom Brady says Patriots were too careless with the ball » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Enjoy Vegas for ONLY $25! 2 Nights at The Plaza... Station Events Miller Lite at Cask n Flagon... Fri, 11/18/2016 5:30 pm » More Events Contests Win Big Y Gift Cards! Enter here for your chance to grab a $10 gift card to Big Y! 2 lucky winners will be upgraded to win a $80 gift card! Check out Big Y's... WEEI Pro Football Pick 'Em Make your Professional Football picks before each game of the season for a chance to win $100 each week and compete for the $2,000 Grand Prize!... » More Contests Bill Belichick Tom Brady New England Patrio.. NFL Super Bowl Seattle Seahawks Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Hall of Famer Michael Irvin with Dale, Holley and Thornton Tweet Subscribe Download Share Hall of Famer Michael Irvin with Dale, Holley and Thornton Oct 29, 2016| Every Friday we talk NFL and Patriots with the great Michael Irvin. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. It is time to talk to the playmaker all the fame wide receiver Michael Irvin now an analyst with the NFL network Michael Irvin brought to you by Shaw's joins us now on the AT&T hotline hello Michael how are you. And I don't look guys are you guys. I read Michael. Let's let me ask you would opinion we were just discussing this do you think Rex Ryan is a good head football coach in the NFL. So great courses I didn't think replied it's a good approach and have football coach. I think Britain appealed there now what I don't would be you know being with immediately there. Because all greet these as a coordinator got aren't that right up there at the mine the gold with him and Rick. I don't think it spiral that lies offensive mind. To go week you're out late but I think he's found them now and then the nit and the lives have been gore won a problem he's gone I think. Run played a two run plays better if you meet unique blocking skiing still there. You're not prepared for and everything sort that there. And it take its loan that was an artist is a great cooker. It divider guy. You know these are you in the top all the time. You know up with Google boulder you know what are you in the hunt for work that's what I considered great. Now he's got a wonderful drugmaker gained really interesting bit of pain and even get beat that goal. But I think finally now he's found an opposite coordinated event it is style. Before I ask you a football question I got I got to know what so what perhaps. Let's double perhaps on TV this week gut tell me tell me the hat stories you're you're you're rocket. We're. We're over by Lugo say editor at bats are counted in the round table you know we're all we're bull rumored. We're over my guys ordered him over here in new York and everything they are there there are it's got to live in New York. Pretty developed any brought bet that in to work again and I've been brought there. Whatever it reapply dollop of first time diamond goblet dying as one day in court. So you don't have it kind of got relegated to court today it could throw what I won't be here is thought it. Just slightly. You know what who hit it goes digital overdid it would award one right now we're Abu. Older restore if I'm aware Federer. You'll see. Her work a computer as to exactly what I would do that I know you look at it like a huge OP. You do to your Google can outweigh. Walk in the realm of good black out that Google could commit pedal. It would raise about they go up which is we'll see. So what can outlook what do you do let's I'm gonna make you the the coach of the cowboys. Right now but at least now for the rest of this interview here the coach of the cowboys got Tony Romo available in the got. Dax got so what what do you do when your quarterback. All maps mania. What roll. It is that there would not sit all alone does was of all is that it was totally rule jobs within that it. You stop being a team in and out see you just beat Green Bay in combat you'd be. Well the Philadelphia creep ever so I know multiples that you beat barely be through certain topic du. But but we extrapolate. Because we have to try to misery as we're running toward. So you beat Philadelphia. It becomes or put me now to go back to Tony Romo in this situation. Because you do beat the top team in the industry. You are the clear favorite to go meet and we drink industry folk agree article. In that area in an apartment group favorite I don't think there. There's a great article written by Richard Sherman and the players Tribune and and part of the key rips the NFL for. Bungle in the Josh brown that situation so bad but mostly takes him to task. Or would be an obsessed with celebrations. In and thrown penalties and and fining guys for this what's your take on. We are the league is when it comes the legislating these these touchdown celebrations. Are. I'm on with them or on some sort that out so flat out war do you perhaps aren't. And then in initial personality you're you know was it it's not about Abbott robot what makes it's beautiful when that chip in to take it all these different people. And getting him on playing pretty soon years of this from personalities and different people and I wanna I wanna Eagles personality. And I wanna see the different people but I do I do want us to continue to look out for the safety. In net you know making sure that those fearing an all over the appropriate people and here. That there's an enormous side of caution when it comes to those things. But but this is the celebration stuff purchase its main that's. But that's a little off all the miners and. We're talking to Michael Irvin of the NFL network and and as we look at an excuse me as we look at the games going on. Up for this coming weekend and we look at the gap that seems to be growing between the patriots in the rest of the AFC. The question is if the patriots get to Houston in February what's the NFC team most likely that they'll be facing. And that's what that that's what or import right now we're doubts belt right now. We last week we were saying it would mama's so Minnesota looked good but I RR RR figure when you watch that game and a social Adobe used a way to. Minnesota border need one more act there. AA could the defense that they have been happening cabinet it would mean by that is you got me a good running game. Oh you have to be able to show me a lot of good pad Wednesday. Are so mean good spent between you Gordon eat one more accurate. To get bigger and that's what Philadelphia beat them that now ballot. Allah and the record we have a great running game is in there Rick Scott who. In the passing game I'm not turning the ball low. Those two are. We would with the wood which went up could be could be better makes the outlook express nepalese origin. Look at that sunrise. Pickle boat with too broad talking. In the NFC as expressed app that will make doubt suspect that they would be. Autopilot up I think you're talking in the end up regardless that is to go I heard of it by. I didn't act on that right. You're also. Send an I game yet which what was that. Okay Edison this digs there I was up yet it probably a fun game to play a tough game to watch wolf. That's what could this mean. I want you loved watching. All of bear tell me why me why you like them. Ulbrich hurt it was it was a it was up about what we owe. I mean I'm echo the beavers were different but it was so one quarter crack for. I'll look at shall there that we in that game at a car I want to see outlook. What went Super Bowl our collective we went looking and have a collective. Our collective we went out. You're goes there we. And in fact that's what at what I wondered if he won't which. We got a couple two of collusion on these gains after weak opening portrait of the victims from the Beck reported are gonna work out out. You would get if you don't do anything there that aren't ya for the third. You know what that. On appropriate now but it's got Arnold that we are thwarted dark rich it will act like that it but I will go through puberty it could be permanent actors. Or who we regard it. But I outlaw the battle of the old wheels man that was. Great fight at all are all getting. I think we're gonna have an outgrow. I like about our collective wheels of the scores 28 to 44. Army 66 every yeah it does not something you think about it. And I eat your popcorn Amanda is I do not watch in this 66 game and kickers. Michael you know. You'll probably would have record record that go to where did you go. Home don't hurt no better than a lot of retired rear view. I don't look you know we're right through your. Old guards who pick the sale fall series got technical about it you've got to hit them all up right. Outlet while and a that gave me edit that that would Korea and unloved. You know I would've you would have put the kicker Hewitt but your kicker in the locker if if you if you go out there you go and over the middle. I can't remember the name of that play that that you write that your favorite player from Detroit but anyway hit you right between the gates on that plane that was on. Yeah that's it so. That play all day on getting jobs. And the kicker misses like 25 yarder Hugo Craig. Google credit ordered up I would have to be careful. You know I don't wanna do what what I would do is go to dropped almost all over here that would strongly. Look at their leader. A tickle your agreed to go ball well all I got a bruises you look at it that's why don't you bit. No opener Greg only and that. I'll go up to bed here at the table. Their salt and it but it got well you cores on Tuesday creepy it at the Pentagon that they are monitored compared there. Michael what looked out and about defense the patriots seem to have one of these defense is that had in the past few years where. They'll give up lots yards so make mediocre quarterbacks looked good but then they get stingy and they don't give up points. It frustrates a lot of fans did you play with a defense like that in as an offensive weapon like you were how would you have felt the ball. Plano with that kind of ID. So they don't break that is the current releases. There's going to be it. Every defense is going to be and it is you know talent in the league is too great. It and they're making the rules were offered. Expect that's why we you're. Up. Let where we need to kind of game that we're on Sunday night because. That the league noses you guys once you do what you want to point out and everything what book from being. Me daddy that daddy is great he said don't Biden people. Always be in but we don't break unit there at okay be prevented great B. Everything. Is going to be a huge risk and not great that it would be it's about that's what we we want chips. So many about a school that's when you have that you went to opens this week because they come down to. Other night Pittsburgh you know critical order converted the three point. The report we know you're worried we bit but we did not break that you Bogut seven. We're right back Pittman V so they're you know every now and ultimately the at all. We get older we feel in our fears are wrapped in your wheels that's what I'm talking about. I before we get Johnny here I got to ask this couple weeks go on inside the NFL did you say Erin Rogers was the best quarterback in the game all Michael Irvin. They're if you give me. Where you have to look at one quarterback right now and I don't know where it coats you I don't even aware that the mine running a no Motorola and it was clear that I have. I will take in Iraq. Because they're rock when you put it together most. Physically gifted. Earlier in Iran related role and ability to read regain. And understand the game. Is the best quarterback in the NB it in this situation now. That that is I don't know that the analytical I don't know it's clear that up anywhere yet. I would take care arises in this situation. And quarterback. Michael to roam Europe. The old guy. Oh my goodness you know we can talk next I don't know. To. I. That up but not now about who you're me much good though. Abrupt in what order that. I would say in the can bring your sister Whitfield. There Arctic to operate the worst thing now there's no Biden and max's in his system. And get the most out of a guys around have become break in here and that's in Yemen Iraq when we're talking about Iraq. It's separation all right there we go we we give you some reasonable excuses. Because we figured it was he can't get separation well. If you let your will probably say that from the receiver therefore the Green Bay receivers are better. Recovery is due raises the level of old guys are. With in the system that he plays in the way he played the gates so valued that the caveat you give me my quarterback and I mean he bring to your system. Then on pig normal wherever about it but he made all blow is this for everybody because nobody has mastered run what we do better on those lead. I we can talk to you next we appreciate time as always Michael has been ordered it. There. Thank bags our program that is Michael Irvin from the NFL network. Beep beep beep maybe backing up but I understand his point of view. 6177797937. Its telephone number text line it's 37937. We'll get right back to the calls that you just complement its Daylon Hollywood fort Sports Radio W media. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ty Anderson11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it [..] - Ty Anderson11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries You could have heard a pin drop at Gila River Arena in Glendale, Ariz., during [..] + Christopher Price11/14/16 05:09 am EST What we learned: Patriots have to [..] - Christopher Price11/14/16 05:09 am EST What we learned: Patriots have to hope rest of AFC keeps struggling while they [..] FOXBORO — Let’s start with what we know. The Patriots have a very good [..] + Ryan Hannable11/14/16 04:25 am EST Patriots players, coaches deserve [..] - Ryan Hannable11/14/16 04:25 am EST Patriots players, coaches deserve to be second-guessed following loss to [..] FOXBORO -- Everything was set up in the Patriots' favor. While it wasn't going to be an [..] + Mike Petraglia11/14/16 02:59 am EST Loss shows Pats' D not close to [..] - Mike Petraglia11/14/16 02:59 am EST Loss shows Pats' D not close to championship caliber FOXBORO - If Sunday night taught us anything about these Patriots, they have a lot of [..] + Rob Bradford11/13/16 06:37 pm EST Why Red Sox might want to rethink [..] - Rob Bradford11/13/16 06:37 pm EST Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offseason [..] He was the guy David Ortiz endorsed to be his heir apparent. He was the free agent most [..] + Ryan Hannable11/11/16 08:20 am EST Patriots perfect match for long [..] - Ryan Hannable11/11/16 08:20 am EST Patriots perfect match for long snapper, U.S. Navy member Joe Cardona FOXBORO -- Joe Cardona knew the NFL wasn't a guarantee. Cardona was a long snapper as [..] + It Is What It Is11/14/16 03:47 pm EST Danny Amendola on OM&F: [..] - It Is What It Is11/14/16 03:47 pm EST Danny Amendola on OM&F: Patriots-Seahawks had playoff-like atmosphere Patriots wide receiver Danny Amendola checked in with Ordway, Merloni &#38; [..] + Full Count11/14/16 02:21 pm EST Source: Red Sox among most [..] - Full Count11/14/16 02:21 pm EST Source: Red Sox among most aggressive in pursuit of Greg Holland The Red Sox recognize Greg Holland might be a really good fit. But they also [..] + It Is What It Is11/14/16 02:15 pm EST Pete Carroll says Gillette Stadium [..] - It Is What It Is11/14/16 02:15 pm EST Pete Carroll says Gillette Stadium was pretty quiet Sunday night: ‘It’s because they’re so used to winning’ Pete Carroll came away from his first Gillette Stadium experience profoundly [..] + Big Bad Blog11/14/16 01:50 pm EST Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask named [..] - Big Bad Blog11/14/16 01:50 pm EST Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask named NHL’s First Star of Week Bruins goaltender Tuukka Rask's near perfect season continued on Sunday night [..] + Green Street11/14/16 01:49 pm EST Celtics reportedly considering [..] - Green Street11/14/16 01:49 pm EST Celtics reportedly considering dealing Avery Bradley, Jae Crowder if it means Klay Thompson in return The Celtics and Warriors might be looking to celebrate their meeting this [..] + It Is What It Is11/14/16 01:26 pm EST Patriots-Jets game later this [..] - It Is What It Is11/14/16 01:26 pm EST Patriots-Jets game later this month flexed out of prime time The Patriots-Jets game that was initially scheduled for Nov. 27 at 8:30 p.m. in [..] + Red Sox11/13/16 06:37 pm EST Why Red Sox might want to rethink [..] - Red Sox11/13/16 06:37 pm EST Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offseason priority He was the guy David Ortiz endorsed to be his heir apparent. He was the free agent most [..] + Red Sox 11/03/16 01:10 am EST Lessons from New England for Cubs [..] - Red Sox 11/03/16 01:10 am EST Lessons from New England for Cubs fans wondering how life is about to change Welcome to the rest of your lives, Cubs fans. They'll never be the same. That euphoria you're [..] + Patriots11/14/16 05:09 am EST What we learned: Patriots have to [..] - Patriots11/14/16 05:09 am EST What we learned: Patriots have to hope rest of AFC keeps struggling while they search for answers on defense FOXBORO — Let’s start with what we know. The Patriots have a very good offense. [..] + Patriots 11/14/16 04:25 am EST Patriots players, coaches deserve [..] - Patriots 11/14/16 04:25 am EST Patriots players, coaches deserve to be second-guessed following loss to Seahawks FOXBORO -- Everything was set up in the Patriots' favor. While it wasn't going to be an easy [..] + Bruins11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it [..] - Bruins11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries You could have heard a pin drop at Gila River Arena in Glendale, Ariz., during [..] + Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message [..] - Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach WALTHAM - Brad Stevens needs to grab hold of his team - and now. The team is just seven games [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Pro Football Pick'em Challenge for a chance to win $100 weekly prizes and the $2,000 grand prize. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Partners & Sponsors | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File   Copyright © 2016 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
null
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Davidson & Licht, a Top-Rated Jewelry Store in San Jose, Announces Local Review Milestone Davidson & Licht, a Top-Rated Jewelry Store in San Jose, Announces Local Review Milestone Posted on October 29, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Davidson & Licht is proud to announce that it has passed four reviews on Google for its San Jose jewelry store. With a forthcoming new website, the company is working hard on expanding its social media outreach to San Jose jewelry lovers. San Jose, California (PRWEB) October 28, 2016 Davidson & Licht, recognized as one of the top-rated jewelry stores in San Jose, is proud to announce a significant review milestone for its reviews on Google's local service. With San Jose consumers increasingly turning to local review sites like Google and Yelp, Davidson & Licht has increased its focus on social media marketing. "With over ninety reviews of our Walnut Creek store and now four for our San Jose jewelry store, as well as 135 combined on Yelp, we're making significant progress towards cementing our position as the Bay Area’s best jewelry store" explained Jason Licht, marketing manager for Davidson and Licht. "With recent innovations such as our new status as an authorized IWC watch dealer and our continuing commitment to the Rolex brand, we are increasingly known as 'the' jewelry store to go to for watches, in addition to our traditional strengths in key brands of jewelry such as Roberto Coin, Marco Bicego, and Hearts on Fire among many others." To read Google reviews of the San Jose jewelry store, visit Davidson and Licht at http://www.davidsonandlicht.com/ and scroll to the bottom of any page. Next click on the Google icons at the bottom next to Santa Clara, and one can then visit the Google listing for that store. Note that the jewelry store serves both San Jose and Santa Clara but is technically in Santa Clara, being located in the prestigious Valley Fair mall. THE BEST REVIEW OF THE SAN JOSE STORE: AN IN-STORE VISIT It's ironic for something as personal and tangible as jewelry that today's consumers are increasingly favoring the Internet. After all, one doesn't wear a digital photograph of a diamond ring or an IWC watch but rather a "real" item of jewelry. Even online review sites such as Google and Yelp, while certainly helpful, showcase the experience of other customers when really there is only one review that matters: that of the individual customer him- or herself. Even more significant, shopping for wedding rings, engagement rings, or high-end watches such as Rolex or IWC can make an enjoyable outing with one's significant other, something that can be a lot more fun and real than browsing pictures online! That said, technologically savvy Bay Area consumers are urged to experience Davidson & Licht online, first, as long as they don't forget that nothing can substitute for an in-store experience. Indeed, interested parties are urged to visit the stores which feature custom watch boutiques such as Rolex in both Walnut Creek and Valley Fair, and IWC in Walnut Creek, to name a few. (IWC watches can be browsed by Bay Area customers at http://www.davidsonandlicht.com/brand/iwc/ prior to an in-store visit). ABOUT DAVIDSON & LICHT JEWELERS Davidson & Licht (http://www.davidsonandlicht.com/) is one of the San Francisco Bay Area's top jewelers, with jewelry stores in Walnut Creek and in Santa Clara / San Jose in the Valley Fair mall. With a storied history, the company boasts the Bay Area's finest selection of engagement rings, wedding bands, and other fine jewelry for weddings and anniversaries. Besides carrying the best jewelry designers from Marco Bicego to Hearts on Fire, Mikimoto to Robert Coin and everything in between, the company also offers in-house Rolex watch repair. Media Relations. 925-935-0940 For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/san-jose/jewelry-stores/prweb13797305.htm Latest News INVESTOR ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Supreme Industries Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces an Investigation of PAREXEL International Corporation Smiles in Atlanta Dentistry is Pleased to Invite Public to Holiday Happy Hour Integlia and University Orthopedics Break Ground on State-of-the-Art Medical Facility 360factors EHS Consulting Services Sponsor for WEDA Gulf Coast Meeting Maria Sendra Joins Greenberg Traurig, Breathing New Life into the Firm’s Corporate & Securities Practice in Silicon Valley INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm INVESTOR ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Opus Bank and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Xerox Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm HREI Insights Awards™ Finalists Announced © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Giving Some Pixel Customers $50 In Play Store Credit By Tyler Lee on 10/28/2016 17:22 PST A couple of days ago, Google revealed that they were having trouble keeping up with the demand for their new Pixel phones. Apparently this was because demand for the new phones had exceeded Google’s expectations, which is actually a pretty good problem to have, and because of that some orders are going out a bit later than expected. So much so that according to a post on Reddit, some Pixel customers are reporting that they have received emails from Google offering them $50 in Play Store credit to help make up for the delay in shipping. The email reads, “Thank you for your recent purchase on Google Store. We’re really excited for you to experience our new products, but we have some not-so-great news: It’s going to take a little longer for you to receive your package than we expected. We know this can be frustrating, but the good news is that we’ve shipped your order and it’s on its way.” “You should’ve already received a shipment confirmation email from us. We’re also going to send you a $50 Google Play credit via email soon after your package is delivered. Again, we’re so sorry — and thank you again for your order.” As some users on Reddit have confirmed, this Play Store credit can be used for subscription services like Google Play Music, so if there are no apps that you have in mind, it can be used for services as well. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Android, Apps, Google and pixel. Related Articles 2016-11-13 Google Pixel Gets Hacked In Under A Minute 2016-11-12 Google Pixel XL VS LG V20 In Speed Test 2016-11-11 Google+ On Mobile Browsers Now Supports AMP Links 2016-11-11 Real-Life Photos Of Project Ara And Specs Revealed 2016-11-11 Google Assistant Will Be Open To Third-Parties In December 2016-11-10 Microsoft Reassures That Office Will Work On Chrome OS 2016-11-03 Google Engineer Claims iMessage For Android Won’t Support SMS 2016-10-14 Google’s Pixel Phones Ship With Hangouts Disabled 2016-10-14 Google’s Pixel Camera App Is Now Available For Nexus Devices Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, November 15, 2016 8:10 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur °C, MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Alphabet said to bring in veteran fixer to rework Google fiber division Saturday October 29, 2016 08:10 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Frida Kahlo painting, unseen for 60 years, surfaces for sale Rooney out of Spain game, Henderson to captain England The Edit: Supermoon wows stargazers tonight Sweden starts grilling of Assange at Ecuador embassy Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A building housing Google fiber, a division of Alphabet Inc, is seen in downtown Charlotte, North Carolina, September 23, 2016. — Reuters picMOUNTAIN VIEW, Oct 29 — When Google’s robotics division hit trouble in early 2015, co-founder Larry Page brought in a trusted company veteran to steer the group. Now Page, chief executive officer of Google parent Alphabet Inc, has recruited the same person to helm the Google fiber unit. Jonathan Rosenberg, a longtime Google product executive who advises Page, was recently appointed as a counsellor to Alphabet’s Access unit, which oversees the fiber broadband operations, according to two people familiar with the decision. That comes after Access chief executive officer Craig Barratt stepped down earlier this week. Rosenberg’s assignment suggests another move by Alphabet to impose fiscal discipline and improve corporate governance at Other Bets businesses like fiber and Nest. An Alphabet spokeswoman declined to comment. Barratt announced his departure at an all-hands Access meeting on Tuesday. Simultaneously, Google fiber said it was pulling back fiber-to-the-home expansion plans in eight major urban markets and shedding nine per cent of its staff. Alphabet said a trio of fiber executives would run the division temporarily, but did not appoint a direct replacement for Barratt. Page’s fixer The role of troubleshooter is not new to Rosenberg, a widely respected figure at Google. For years, he served as the top product executive during Alphabet chairman Eric Schmidt’s tenure as Google CEO, managing successful offerings in advertising, search and Android. In 2014, he led the operating committee at Motorola Mobility as Google prepared to sell the phone maker to Lenovo Group Ltd. Rosenberg also has broadband experience. Before joining Google in 2002, Rosenberg ran product and services for Excite@Home, an early — albeit troubled — high-speed internet service provider. His stint at Google’s robotics unit, called Replicant internally, was less about expansion than trimming. Andy Rubin, the former chief of Android, led an acquisition spree in 2013 that brought in roughly 300 robotics engineers. Rubin unexpectedly left a year later and Rosenberg took over some time in 2015. Last November, Rosenberg ran a meeting that raised concern about spending at one of the company’s largest robotics businesses, Boston Dynamics, according to a memo obtained by Bloomberg News. Soon after, Google tried to sell Boston Dynamics, although a deal has yet to materialize. In January, Alphabet hired Hans Peter Brondmo, a former Nokia executive, to run Replicant, relieving Rosenberg of his interim duties. Fiscal discipline Some investors may be eager to see similar fiscal restraint at Google fiber, which has been the most costly unit outside of the main Google business. On Thursday, Alphabet reported quarterly results that included reduced spending and smaller losses at the Other Bets businesses. “Google appears to finally be reining in costs in Other Bets we believe in large part driven by a rationalization in Access,” Michael Nathanson, analyst at MoffettNathanson, wrote in a Friday research note. On Thursday, Alphabet also deflect concerns about high-level departures at divisions outside of Google. The company has a “deep bench” of senior leadership, an Alphabet executive said. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Facebook accidentally declares some users dead, including founder Zuckerberg Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg says fake news didn’t drive election (VIDEO) Sony seeks to patent method for measuring journalists' accuracy The best action cams for winter sports Consumer drone business stumbles, but commercial markets beckon Apple now sells refurbished iPhones Robotic dinosaur replicas stomp in Tokyo hotel (VIDEO) Best smartphones for holiday 2016 Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg says fake news didn’t drive election (VIDEO) Malaysian gaming content exports soar 75pc to RM80m Most Watched Now Week 'Beauty and the Beast' first full-length trailer Reuters Video: Models with Down Syndrome team up with celebrities Reuters Video: Reflection ‘healthy’ for Democratic party, says Obama Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Reuters Video: Duchess meets movie-star cat, animals go wild Related Articles Alphabet sales top estimates on ads while spending continues SkyRunner David beats Google Goliath Page to all-terrain vehicle (VIDEO) Google co-founder funding flying car projects, says report (VIDEO) Nest co-founder Fadell flies the coop Why the world is drawing battle lines against US tech giants Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Finance Kagan: Pay TV Losses Reach 430K in Q3 By Mike Farrell Nov 14, 2016 Content HBO Renews ‘Westworld,’ ‘Divorce,’ ‘Insecure’ By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 14, 2016 People Comcast Names Kathy Kelly-Brown SVP, Strategic Initiatives By Mike Farrell Nov 14, 2016 FCC PTC to Senate: Confirm FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel By John Eggerton Nov 14, 2016 Starz Play Arabia Nets More Funding By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Hulu Taps Nicole Sabatini to Head Integrated Marketing By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community MCN Guest Blog Strengthening the Cord With Cause-and-Effect Analysis By Marek Polonski, APT Community MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 14, 2016 By MCN Staff Picture This Dan Rather Trumped Election Prognosticators By R. Thomas Umstead The Bauminator Daydream View Reviews Roll In By Jeff Baumgartner One Share, One Vote Is Fair By Edward Bleier, Media Industry Adviser MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 7, 2016 By MCN Staff Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Virtual Reality IMAX Raises $50 Million for VR Centers, Content By Chris Tribbey (B&C) Nov 14, 2016 VOD VRV’s ‘Combo Pack’ Offers 8 SVOD Channels for $9.99/Month By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Broadband Analyst: U.S. Telcos May Never Generate Fixed-Data Sub Growth Again By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Finance Starz Play Arabia Nets More Funding By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Oct 28 2016 The Bauminator Report: Alphabet Taps Fiber Troubleshooter Google vet Jonathan Rosenberg is also late of Excite@Home 10/28/2016 5:45 PM Author: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator Alphabet has tapped company vet – and former Excite@Home exec – Jonathan Rosenberg to a counselor to the company’s Access unit as it tries to get a grip on the future of Google Fiber, Bloomberg reported.   Google Fiber declined to common on the report, but moving Rosenberg (pictured) into that slot would follow confirmation that Craig Barratt, CEO of Access, was stepping down from that role and into an advisor role, and as Google Fiber pauses its ambitious expansion plan to instead focus on existing deployments and the use of potentially less expensive wireless broadband technologies.   RELATED: Alphabet CFO: Google Fiber ‘Very Committed to Growth’ in Existing 1-Gig Cities   Bloomberg said Rosenberg, a trusted advisor to Google co-founder and Alphabet CEO Larry Page, was tapped to help Google’s robotics division in early 2015.   Per his Linked In profile, Rosenberg joined Google in 2002 to help then-CEO Eric Schmidt’s team build and run the company’s product and marketing organizations, and oversaw the launch of products such as Adwords.   He also served as an exec of Excite@Home, the MSO-backed venture that pioneered cable’s move into broadband but filed for bankruptcy in 2001. Milo Medin, who has had a major role at Google Fiber, is the former CTO of Excite@Home   RELATED: Door Slams on At Home   Prior to Excite@Home, Rosenberg was an executive producer at Apple.  TAGS: Google Fiber Alphabet Jonathan Rosenberg Excite@Home @Home Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: NeuLion Expands in Asia with RugbyPass OTT Service WWE SmackDown Live To Air 900th Episode Wazee Digital's Andy Hurt Named to IABM North America Regional Council CenturyLink and Infinera Deliver 2.5 Tb/s of Super-channel DWDM Capacity at Super Computing 2016  Bart Baker to Premiere First Track from His Upcoming Debut Album Across Music Choice’s Platforms Starting November 11th MUSIC CHOICE TO FEATURE EXCLUSIVE AMERICAN MUSIC AWARDS CONTENT French reseller DV2 is latest Calrec Audio distributor for Brio “BET Presents Love & Happiness: An Obama Celebration” From The White House First Take Moves to ESPN January 3 Complex Networks’ Seriously.Tv Orders Series, Thanksgiving, From Writer Bethany Hall And Producer Daniel Powell, Co-Creator Of 'Inside Amy Schumer' Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → FCC Takes Aim at DirecTV Now Fox News, CNN Blocked on DirecTV for Second Day PlayStation Vue Dropping Viacom Channels PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets Clinton Leads in Media Polls Related Stories Google Fiber a ‘Real Business’ Jeff Baumgartner - 7/20/2016 06:30:00 PM America/New_York The true intention of Google Fiber has been a point Google Fiber Vision: ‘To Create Abundant and Ubiquitous Networks’ Jeff Baumgartner - 4/22/2016 01:15:00 PM America/New_York The ultimate goal of Google Fiber remains a mysterious Google Cast Coming to Google Fiber: Report Jeff Baumgartner - 4/21/2016 02:15:00 PM America/New_York Google Cast, a technology that’s used with Chromecast Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → IMAX Raises $50 Million for VR Centers, Content CTA, CTIA Back Cox in Court Fight NBC Slots LeBron’s ‘The Wall’ For Jan. 3 Season Three of ‘Schitt’s Creek’ Pops Jan. 11 Sony, Nokia Partner Up on VR Production, Distribution Watch Now: NATE Publishes Video on Anchor Corrosion Triton Digital’s Top 20 Ranker for September of 2016 There’s a New Satellite in Town Norway CE Group Endorses FM-to-DAB Adaptor as Gift SBE Chapter 54 Day of Learning 'Manchester by the Sea' Director Kenneth Lonergan on Writing Characters That Are Overwhelmed Andrew Dominik Directs Simple and Powerful Nick Cave Music Video Watch the Trailer for Raoul Peck's Timely James Baldwin Documentary 'I Am Not Your Negro' Ang Lee Says He Will Continue to Explore High Frame Rate 'Manchester by the Sea' Editor Jen Lame on Letting the Film Breathe with a Longer Running Time Facebook Does 20 Gbps Millimeter-Wave Broadband Watch Now: NATE Publishes Video on Anchor Corrosion Avid MediaCentral Heads to Sky Deutschland NAB Show NY Explores Emerging Technologies 2016 NAB Show New York Nets 15,000+ Attendees News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. THE FUTURE Google's 'Moonshot' Business Feels the Pressure Google's 'Other Bets' category of ambitious experiments lost another $865 million this quarter and numerous executives over the last year. By Kevin J. Ryan Kevin J. Ryan is a reporter for Inc. He has written for ESPN The Magazine and the Long Island Press and contributed to Mental Floss. He lives in Queens, New York. @wheresKR Reporter, Inc.@wheresKR WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement Google has long held that investing in potential world-changing "moonshot" projects was crucial to the company's innovation strategy. By all appearances, it's still a priority--but it's starting to look like reality is bringing at least some Google's lofty ambitions down to Earth. As parent company Alphabet announced in its earnings report Thursday, the Other Bets division is losing--big. The branch, which houses the company's long-term moonshot projects, lost $865 million in the third quarter. This is nothing new: This arm has lost upwards of $800 million each quarter since Alphabet started reporting its revenues separately last year. What is new is the company's apparent move to start thinking more about the bottom line. For one, the company invested $59 million less into its moonshots than in the same quarter a year ago--the opposite approach of what you'd expect from a division that has prioritized long-term projects over short-term financial solvency. And recent changes in strategy on some of its projects suggest that the company is adjusting its ideals. Last week, Google Fiber, the company's project to deliver high-speed Internet throughout the U.S., announced it was halting its expansion. The company's chief executive, Craig Barratt, stepped down as part of the announcement. Currently, about half the U.S. has only one provider option. Fiber intended to install ethernet infrastructure in cities throughout the U.S. as it has already done in Kansas City, Nashville, and Atlanta. In June, though, the company acquired wireless service provider Webpass, a signal that it planned to switch its plan from a more expensive, long-term cable infrastructure to a more cost efficient and immediate--though potentially less reliable--Internet delivered over cell networks. And in August, Alphabet CEO Larry Page reportedly told Fiber to trim its workforce in half and cut its spending by 90 percent. "As we reach for moonshots that will have a big impact in the longer term it's inevitable that there will be course corrections along the way and that some efforts will be more successful than others," CFO Ruth Porat said on the company's earnings call. If Google is in fact making a conscious effort to curb its moonshots, who could blame it? They're expensive, and in many cases, they're facing rocky outlooks. Nest, which also falls under the Other Bets category and makes smart home hardware, lost co-founder and top executive Tony Fadell to a resignation in June after months of reported tension among its leadership. Verily, Google's health sciences branch, lost 12 top employees in a recent year-long stretch. While it has partnered up with health giants on several ambitious projects, a March report in the Boston Globe's medical publication suggested that many employees found CEO Andrew Conrad to be divisive and impulsive and felt left in the dark on important decisions. Google's self-driving car project, meanwhile, lost its CTO in August. Two former Google engineers, including the project's technical lead, left in January and founded Otto, which this week made headlines for successfully driving a shipment of 50,000 cans of Budweiser 120 miles in an automated truck. Google has been trying to get its own project out of the lab. Last year, the company hired former Hyundai CEO John Krafcik to take over its self-driving project, indicating that it was moving away from the science project phase and focusing more on commercialization. Google CEO Sundar Pichai did his best not to raise alarm during Thursday's earnings call. "We generally want to encourage a culture of innovation. It is fine that some of them happen outside," he said. "We don't view it as a zero sum game." Still, one has to wonder what the future holds for Google's moonshots. The company declined to comment for this story. All that said, Alphabet is still investing upwards of $1 billion each quarter on long-term projects--an amount that only a handful of companies could even afford to spend, if they were so inclined. And aside from Fiber, the projects are still progressing. Like the self-driving project, Project Loon--the company's attempt to beam Internet connectivity from hot air balloons to rural areas across the world--in August hired a new exec to lead the project toward profitability. Loon was recently spotted testing its balloons over Yellowstone National Park. Alphabet's interest in becoming an Internet provider is double-fold, since more people on the web means more people using Google. Currently, about 90 percent of Alphabet's revenue comes from advertising via Google's search function. The company certainly is not in any immediate trouble: Ads pulled in $18.9 billion of the company's $22.45 billion revenue in the third quarter. Still, the reliance on that one money-maker is a big motivator in the company's attempt to find a moonshot that can help sustain it going forward. Published on: Oct 28, 2016 Advertisement
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Free online 'Web Bloat Scores' encourage overweight pages to slim down Most of today's web pages are overweight, but a free service can provide a Web Bloat Score that's more than just the raw download size. And, of course, cutting WebBS leads to faster downloads and happier users. By Jack Schofield for Jack's Blog | October 30, 2016 -- 22:33 GMT (15:33 PDT) | Topic: Developer Everyone knows that most of today's web pages are overweight, but there's no way to measure the amount of bloat. Yes, you can easily check the total size of the download, but that doesn't tell the whole story. For example, Google's search results page is bloated even though it is quite small - it's grown from around 10K to 464K - but a page full of pictures may not be bloated, even if it consumes several megabytes. Željko Švedić has offered a solution to the problem with a website that provides a simple page bloat score. It's a simple idea. The Web Bloat Score (WebBS) compares the page download size with the size of an image of the page in png format. (Scores would be much worse if Švedić had used lossy jpegs instead.) Since web pages are simply marked-up text, they should only take up a few kilobytes. In fact, there used to be an annual competition for web pages that used 5K or less. However, the average page size reached 93.7K in January 2003, according to WebsiteOptimization.com, and it exploded to 1,622K in January 2014. (See Average Web Page Breaks 1600K) Today, 3MB and even 5MB pages are quite common, even on sites that appear to be text-based. Basically, a non-bloated page should score less than 1, and scores of less than 0.5 are certainly achievable. Tim Berners-Lee's about page at the W3C - one of Švedić's examples - scores 0.204. Bloated web pages score higher, with Google's SERP coming in at 7.38. There are lots of obvious reasons for bloating. These include interactive page elements, JavaScript libraries, and the whole analytics infrastructure for tracking users and serving them advertisements. Taken too far, of course, this bloating can lead to users blocking ads and trackers, even when they appreciate that free websites can't survive without them. Švedić ran into the bloatware problem himself. As co-founder of TestDome.com - a company that provides automated testing of programming skills - he noticed that its home page was taking longer to load. It has now been reduced to 500K and a WebBS score of 5.78. This still isn't particularly good, but TestDome has problems with Google Analytics and other things loaded from third-party websites. "In the end," he says, "we're a start-up, and there are more urgent tasks than hand-coding our homepage." Švedić was also inspired by Maciej Cegłowski's brilliant talk on The Website Obesity Crisis at last year's Web Directions conference in Sydney. This keynote is also available on video. Initally, Švedić floated his WebBS idea in parodic form in Web bloat solution: the PXT Protocol. He pointed out that the web was based on marked-up text (HTML) but it could use the Pixel Transfer Protocol, instead. Sending pages as images would solve all the current problems of page size, speed, security and support. (Well, what could go wrong?) You'd have thought the proposal was so obviously silly that nobody would take it seriously. But they did. Although WebBS is a bit of a joke, it does have a serious point. If your web page takes up 3x or 5x or even 10x more space than a png snapshot, you can probably reduce its size without doing a huge amount of work. This will lead to faster downloads, fewer abandoned page loads, more responsive pages, and, in the long run, more users. Everyone would be happier if more sites cut their WebBS. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud Microsoft Azure adds Pivotal's Cloud Foundry Developer Microsoft to deliver Visual Studio for Mac Cloud Priorities Salesforce users: If you buy it, you integrate it Artificial Intelligence Google Soli: Palm-sized radar could rev up checkouts by telling apples from oranges × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← How to add widgets to your Android home screen Latest Action Launcher update brings Quickcuts to all users, option to ditch round icons, and more → Weekend poll: Where and how did you buy your Google Pixel? Oct 31 Posted by ishubhamsingh Last weekend, I asked you if you bought a Google Pixel (or ordered one) – about 5,000 of you responded that you had. Interestingly, the most popular model among Android Police readers looks to be the 128GB XL, which is the most expensive Pixel you can buy. Google’s financing and availability through Verizon no doubt are the reason for this: by spreading payments over a term of months, you greatly reduce the immediate financial impact of what would otherwise be a nearly thousand-dollar purchase. Read More Weekend poll: Where and how did you buy your Google Pixel? was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2eRVjVE via Blogger http://ift.tt/2ep4Rad Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on October 31, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← How to add widgets to your Android home screen Latest Action Launcher update brings Quickcuts to all users, option to ditch round icons, and more → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (508) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (185) IFTTT (192) TalkAndroid (708) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,069) Android Authority (3,081) Games (3,529) Phones (3,529) apps (3,530) tablets (3,532) android (9,285) Recent Posts YouTube Gaming v1.9 adds a viewer counter to live streams and a new easter egg [APK Download] November 15, 2016 YouTube Gaming v1.9 adds a viewer counter to live streams and a new easter egg [APK Download] November 15, 2016 Rumors surface on specs for OnePlus 4 November 15, 2016 Why Samsung wants to be in your connected car November 15, 2016 Deal: Martian Notifier Smartwatch only $29.99 November 15, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 73,853 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 1:18pm Tue 15 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Tennis Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Grant Bradley Aviation, tourism and energy writer for the Business Herald Google billionaire's luxury superyacht in Auckland for work 10:34 AM Monday Oct 31, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Google Marine Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play Luxury superyacht Senses owned by Google co-founder Larry Page is back in Auckland. The 59m adventure yacht is believed to be undergoing more work following a major refit in the city last summer. Page, who cruised with guests before the work last season, is not in town. It is not known whether he will return this time. Senses was owned by New Zealand businessman Sir Douglas Myers before he sold it to billionaire Larry Page. The steel-hulled vessel is equipped with a helipad - and helicopter - a Jacuzzi, gymnasium, sauna and steam room. When it was sold four years ago it was listed for $60.5 million. Superyachts.com says Senses can accommodate 12 guests in one master's suite, two double staterooms and two twin cabins, as well as the option to convert the gym into an additional twin accommodation with en-suite bathroom. The website says Senses' on board range of toys which include four jet skis, six full sets of dive gear, a dive compressor, water skis and tows, snorkelling gear and three kayaks. The tender collection includes a 12m Nelson enclosed launch, a 7m semi-rigid inflatable rigid hull inflatable, 8m classic L Francis Herreshoff sloop, a 5m Hobie wave cat and a 7m Grady fishing boat. Systems include satellite television, zero-speed stabilisers, Satcom and cellular communications, internet access and a multi-large screen projector. It has 13 crew. Close to 20 local companies are providing services for Senses which is having more engineering systems work done. Senses is capable of going to more far flung and rugged places than other superyachts but small compared to the largest vessels owned by the mega rich. The biggest to call here, Serene, owned by a Russian vodka baron, was 134m and worth more than $400m. - NZ Herald Read more by Grant Bradley Email Grant Bradley Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Northland news in briefs Toxic shellfish warning The Ministry for Primary Industries has advised the public not… Hawke's Bay Today Donald Trump sending people this way? I wonder if President-elect Donald Trump (ooh it feels strange saying that) is a fan… Bay of Plenty Times New Tauranga foodbank boss sets new goals A new chairwoman has taken over the reins at the Tauranga Community Foodbank. Board… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Volkswagen T-Roc to appear next year Volkswagen to introduce a new crossover SUV to its Golf range next year Viva Where to go: Augustus Bistro, Ponsonby Chris Rupe of SPQR fame has transformed a Ponsonby icon into a new restaurant, Augustus… True Commercial RECENT DEALS for November 12 Recent Deals More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf04 at 15 Nov 2016 13:18:04 Processing Time: 511ms
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google researchers build networks that invent their own encryption – Christian Science Monitor Posted on October 30, 2016 by Christian Science Monitor Neural networks nicknamed ‘Alice’ and ‘Bob’ were taught to keep secrets from an adversarial network nicknamed ‘Eve,’ evolving their methods until their private messages remained secret. By Steven Porter, Staff October 30, 2016. Save for later Saved. close. Google’s AI creates its own inhuman encryptionTechCrunch Google’s neural networks created their own encryption methodLifeboat Foundation (blog) Google taught artificial intelligence to encrypt messages on its ownQuartz Android Headlines -PC Magazine -Tech Times -Engadget all 39 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ד חשון תשע"ז   |   Monday, November 14, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Technology Autonomous Cars? Toyota Prefers to Be in the Driver’s Seat for Robot Technology Autonomous Cars? Toyota Prefers to Be in the Driver’s Seat for Robot Technology By Terry Box Sunday, October 30, 2016 at 1:10 pm | כ"ח תשרי תשע"ז Toyota’s Patient Transfer Assist robot is designed to reduce the burden on caretakers when it’s necessary to move a patient. (Toyota) DALLAS (The Dallas Morning News/TNS) - Even before Ford earlier this year unveiled its stunning vision for self-driving cars — vehicles without steering wheels or pedals by 2021 — Toyota appeared to be behind in the frenetic race to develop autonomous vehicles. But Toyota, which spends $10 billion a year on research, doesn’t seem too worried about it. For Toyota, the end game may be robots. “Our approach probably is a little different,” acknowledged John Hanson, director of communications at the new Toyota Research Institute. “Autonomous cars are designed to drive you across town. Robots can help you up the stairs or into the shower. Both are about keeping people mobile.” Moreover, much of the artificial intelligence and hardware needed for self-driving cars can also be applied to robots. “It is entirely possible that robots will become for today’s Toyota what the car industry was when Toyota made looms (in the 1930s),” Dr. Gill Pratt, CEO of the Toyota Research Institute, said at this year’s Consumer Electronics Show. “Home robots may be even more personally prized in our future than cars have been in our past.” With the aging baby-boomer generation swelling the already-large ranks of seniors — an estimated 600 million people worldwide — demand for robots could someday exceed the market for autonomous vehicles, Toyota believes. “What Gill believes is our relationship with that robot could be even stronger than it was with cars,” Hanson said. “It becomes a pet, a guardian, a family member.” For now, General Motors, Nissan and the German Big Three (Mercedes-Benz, Volkswagen/Audi and BMW) appear to lead in the scramble for driverless cars, according to the MIT Technology Review. Google and Tesla also are major players — and Google is involved with robotics as well. Toyota officials say they don’t know or particularly care where they stand in the race for autonomy and artificial intelligence. Years of work remain to be done, they say, and that effort got a billion-dollar push over the last year. First, the automaker formed the Toyota Research Institute, a company focused on the development of artificial intelligence for mobility with offices in Michigan, the Silicon Valley and Cambridge, and partnerships with Stanford, MIT and the University of Michigan. Then, in April, the automaker announced that it would open Toyota Connected Inc. in Plano, Texas, outside Dallas, a division of about 100 people that will collect and analyze data from Toyota vehicles, and provide a wide range of customer-friendly services such as warning of road hazards ahead or suggesting nearby restaurants based on a driver’s food preferences. “For a mainstream manufacturer, Toyota is doing OK,” said Dr. Egil Juliussen, director of research and principal analyst for technology at IHS Automotive Markit. “They’re being careful. But before they started this (Toyota Research Institute) project, they were behind.” And the development of artificial intelligence — the extremely complex system that will coordinate and manage all the technological pieces in an autonomous vehicle — is moving much more rapidly than many had expected, Juliussen said. “What are in the works now are chips that can accelerate deep learning, artificial intelligence,” he said. “At one point, we were predicting that these vehicles would be available by 2025. What we’re seeing now is much more aggressive than that.” Work began in August on a facility for Toyota Connected in Plano that should be occupied by December. The building will be near the new 100-acre campus that Toyota is constructing for its North American headquarters in west Plano. Some of the data that Toyota Connected collects — taken from vehicles’ computers with the permission of their owners — will be shared with Toyota Research Institute, which faces the formidable task of making cars think and react like humans. “If a pedestrian is getting ready to cross the street as one of our cars approaches, is he paying attention, is he looking at you or is he looking at a cellphone?” noted Zack Hicks, CEO and president of Toyota Connected. “Autonomous cars will need to be able to make that determination.” Rather than attempt a huge leap to full autonomy like Ford — an effort some analysts describe as a “moonshot” — Toyota will take a chauffeur/guardian approach, building steadily on the driver-assist technology already in its vehicles. By next year, for example, most Toyota vehicles will have automatic braking systems that can bring a car or truck to a complete stop if the driver fails to respond. Like other automakers, Toyota also offers lane-departure systems to warn drivers if another vehicle is in an adjacent lane and systems that check to see if anyone is approaching when a driver is backing out. All of those will continue to get increasingly sophisticated, probably to the point where Toyota’s vehicles will briefly assume control if needed to avoid a collision. “It’s all part of the goal to create vehicles that can’t crash,” Hicks said. Filed under: Auto, Toyota Print Email Gmail Related Toyota Forms Company to Prepare for New Mobility Toyota: Cars Will Be Safer, But Still Need Drivers Volvo Cars, Autoliv Team Up to Develop Autonomous Driving Uber to Use Autonomous Cars to Haul People in Next Few Weeks Autonomous Cars Aren’t Perfect, But How Safe Must They Be? Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Technology Life-Saving Technology for Autos Is Here, Just Not in Most Cars Intel Launches $6 Billion Production Line in Kiryat Gat Vroom: Gov’t to Require Hybrid, Electric Cars to Make Noise Samsung’s $8B Ticket Into the Red-Hot Automotive Tech Race It’s Not All in the Genes: Clean Living Can Cut Heart Risks OP-ED A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Time for Conservatives to Come Together To Support Our New President Trump Voters: We Did Hear You – We Just Thought Better of You Without Calculations To Many, Trump Offered Fresh, Appealing Message Kristallnacht Lessons for the Present Sanctity of the Kosel Is Everyone’s Concern Spreading the Light of Shabbos Ripe Citrons and Ruby Slippers Reflections Of A Kohen A Time to Heal There’s a Strong Case to Be Made for Electoral College Voting as a Rational Act These Ballot Initiatives Could Help Fix Our Broken Election System Features This Day In History 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Sudoku – November 14, 2016 Helping Pre-Teenagers Nichum Aveilim 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Mrs. Rivka Herbst (Part IV) Editorial Cartoon – November 14, 2016 Get the Point Please Do Me a Favor Independence Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 10 Cheshvan/November 11 Not So Sure מרן ה”חזון איש” זי”ע Editorial Cartoon – November 11, 2016 Weather » Brooklyn 59°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,218.40 -18.72 (-0.36%) S&P 500 2,164.20 -0.25 (-0.01%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9307 GBP 0.8001 ILS 3.8477 CHF 0.9955 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search CMS to Cover Leadless Pacemakers ... But Only in Studies 10 Key Tech Hazards in 2017: HealthLeaders Media Contact Lenses of the Future Will Do More Than Correct Vision Antibiotic Resistance Can Decline, Too False PTSD: A Diagnostic Challenge LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Primary Care We Could All Do Better The case of symptom checkers versus physicians MedpageToday savesaved by Art Papier MD October 30, 2016 Millions of patients worldwide turn to Google and online symptom checkers to try to figure out what ails them. A recent study published in JAMA Internal Medicine compared the diagnostic performance of online symptom checkers against actual physicians to see which had better accuracy. Physicians were correct 72% of the time, beating the computer tools by a 2-to-1 margin. The authors concluded that "physicians vastly outperformed computer algorithms in diagnostic accuracy." The study quickly made national headlines. If you are wondering what made this small study newsworthy, so am I. The authors did not explain why the symptom checkers did so poorly, but who really cares? Consumer symptom checkers are not designed to be replacements or even cognitive assistants for physicians. So here is a more apt headline: "Study reveals physicians do poorly in solving relatively easy medical cases." The real news is that physicians had only 72% accuracy with not very difficult cases, cases that were borrowed from an earlier BMJ article. While disappointing, these results are not altogether surprising. The 2015 Institute of Medicine study, Improving Diagnosis in Health Care, reported a 5% to 10% diagnostic error rate in medicine, and many believe it is even higher. The fact of the matter is that doctors sometimes get it wrong. So instead, let's all have a discussion of why physicians do poorly at diagnosis. In medical education, we train students and residents to memorize typical and classic presentations and then expect them to generalize "on the fly" to variants. Medical students (and likely most people that watch TV medical dramas) can diagnose crushing chest pain, left arm pain, and diaphoresis as a myocardial infarction. But what about a patient presenting with toothache and fatigue? An emergency physician recently told me about an MI patient that waited 5 hours to be seen in the ED because the case was thought to be non-urgent. "I never saw it present like that" would be a standard response for the miss. It is the unusual or atypical presentation that is oftentimes behind diagnostic errors. We mentor in the old adage, "when you hear hoof beats, think of horses, not zebras." We all know that common diseases happen commonly, but it's also true that variations of common diseases happen almost as commonly. Yet cognitive mistakes and shortcuts have repeatedly been shown to be the cause of diagnostic error. These include things like frequency gambling ("playing the odds"), diagnosis momentum (excluding alternative possibilities), premature closure (halting the decision-making process too early), posterior probability error (being overly influenced by a patient's history), and availability (perceiving as more likely things that readily come to mind). Some experts have argued that we can "cognitively de-bias" medical students and trainees and make them aware of the common cognitive mistakes; therefore, they will not make mistakes. But let's be honest and recognize that we as humans have a tendency to make errors. Our pattern recognition might not be as good as we think it is. People in other industries working with complex systems require information tools for guidance and expertise. Why does medicine not teach to tools? Why do we test closed book in medicine, when we want our doctors to use evidence when they work? Society has changed to encourage technology and information-assisted knowledge. We use evidence daily, as we work, on our phones, on the desktop, or inside of the electronic health record. So how can we do better? There are many working in the field of diagnostic decision-making and the study of diagnostic error, and it is heartening to see attention paid to this widespread problem. And yet clinicians, even if they are pooling their knowledge, are still not systematically addressing diagnosis in all its ambiguity, variation, and complexity, because they are looking for what they know, not what they don't know. This JAMA study is remarkable in that the authors seem to be unaware of professional diagnostic decision support. Furthermore, they fail to recognize the idea that diagnostic decision support is an aid to human cognition, not a replacement for the brain. If we learn anything from the JAMA study, it is that it should not be an either/or proposition. New professional systems are available that model variation in presentation, going way beyond what a single physician or a crowd could possibly resolve at the immediate time of decision-making. We expect patients to be armed with "knowledge" from the Internet. At the same time, clinicians should be augmenting their knowledge with tools to help them do their job better, tools that every other profession has implemented, from aeronautics to accounting. It is time for medicine to catch up. Art Papier, MD, is the co-founder and CEO of VisualDx. A dermatologist and medical informatics expert, Papier is also an associate professor of dermatology and medical informatics at the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry. He is a thought leader in clinical informatics and healthcare solutions that improve diagnostic accuracy. 2016-10-30T12:00:00-0400 Primary Source JAMA Internal Medicine Source Reference: Semigran HL, et al "Comparison of physician and computer diagnostic accuracy" JAMA Intern Med 2016; DOI: 10.1001/jamainternmed.2016.6001. 1 comment Next More in Primary Care Wind Turbines Versus Bats: That's Improbable! Short Sleepers Drink More Sugary Sodas Morning Break: Docs/Nurses Lose at Polls; Opdivo for GI Cancer; Investing in Weed Parallel Universes and Human Thought: That's Improbable! Teens Who Stay Up Late May Suffer from Self-Control Issues Morning Break: Brexit's Drug Shortage; Addyi a Bust? Borrowing for Cancer Care Phone Use at Bedtime Means Worse Sleep for Adolescents Chew or Snus: Should FDA Tighten Control? Next Article MedPageToday is a trusted and reliable source for clinical and policy coverage that directly affects the lives and practices of health care professionals. Physicians and other healthcare professionals may also receive Continuing Medical Education (CME) and Continuing Education (CE) credits at no cost for participating in MedPage Today-hosted educational activities. © 2016 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of the MedPageToday.com terms of use and privacy policy. The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. About Help Center Site Map Advertise with Us
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Tuesday November 15, 2016 News National Larger / SmallerNight Mode Tech Girls Superhero challenge 2016: winners announced | photos, video, interactive Dominica Sanda@dominikasanda 29 Sep 2016, 8 p.m. More than 130 teams of school students drafted, created, coded and designed apps. Tech girls with superpowers Primary school winners - Claire Lau, 11, Sophia Gianotti, 11, and Angelica Talevi, 9 from St Philip Neri School, Northbridge with their appReading Republic.Picture: Steven Siewert Secondary school winners: St Mary's Anglican Girls' School, Perth with their app Vocabulary Voyagers. The app works to improve spelling ability through games, activities and reading. NSW Finalists: Nagle College - Amuse app. Amuse helps to quickly relieve daily stress for both teenagers and adults through means of education and entertainment. VIC Finalists: Bialik College - Cars Connect app. Cars Connect allows parents to organise the carpooling of their children, connect with other parents through instant messaging, an organised roster schedule & reminder notifications. Tech Girls Superhero Showcase 2016. Tech Girls Movement founder Jenine Beekhuyzen. Sally-Ann Williams, Engineering Community and Outreach Manager, ambassador for digital technologies curriculum in literacy and numeracy for Google. Gol Gol Public School team created the app Messing with the Murray River. Tech Girls Superhero Showcase 2016. Most of the Tech Girl Superhero finalists with founder Jenine Beekhuyzen. Primary school winners - Claire Lau, 11, Sophia Gianotti, 11, and Angelica Talevi, 9 from St Philip Neri School, Northbridge with coach Nicole O'Brien and Monica Wulff with their app Reading Republic. Primary school winners - Claire Lau, 11, Sophia Gianotti, 11, and Angelica Talevi, 9 from St Philip Neri School, Northbridge with coach Nicola O'Brien and Monica Wulff with their app Reading Republic. NSW Finalists: Nagle College - Amuse app. Amuse helps to quickly relieve daily stress for both teenagers and adults through means of education and entertainment. NSW runners up: Our Lady of the Nativity School Lawson with their app Mountains Adventurer. NSW runners up: Our Lady of the Nativity School Lawson with their app Mountains Adventurer. VIC Finalists: Bialik College - Cars Connect app. Cars Connect allows parents to organise the carpooling of their children, connect with other parents through instant messaging, an organised roster schedule & reminder notifications. Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit Superheroes with super tech powers The next generation of technology entrepreneurs were all in one room this week as this year’s Tech Girl Superhero winners were announced. Other than their skills, talent and passion, the innovators all had one thing in common – they were all females aged between nine and 16 years old. The Tech Girl Superhero challenge is a Tech Girls Movement initiative, founded by Jenine Beekhuyzen. The movement promotes positive female information technology role models and raises awareness of technology career options for girls. At the Tech Girl Superhero showcase. Can't wait to see the amazing innovation on display #STEM#techgirlspic.twitter.com/ZaCWsZqZQl— Dominica Sanda (@dominikasanda) September 29, 2016 The competition encourages school groups from across the country to get involved in information technology and draft, create, code and design an app over a few months. Each group is given a mentor who works in the technology industry. This year there were more than 650 girls mentored and 110 mentors who put their hands up to help the next generation’s technology leaders. “We are here to help you all to reach your potential,” Ms Beekhuyzen said. “It’s exciting, inspiring and overwhelming seeing girls build confidence in tech skills.” When asked what she’s learnt from the process so far, Ms Beekhuyzen offered some advice – “just give it a go, don’t wait for everything to finish for you to start”. More than 130 teams from across Australia developed their own apps with 72 teams registering for the competition and four making it to the finals. St Philip Neri School in NSW and Mount Gravatt East Primary School in Queensland were nominated as finalists in the primary school competition. In the secondary school competition the finalists were; Nagle College from NSW, St Michael's Collegiate School from Tasmania, Bialik College from Melbourne, St Mary's Anglican Girls' School from Western Australia and Clayfield College from Queensland. The winners were announced at the Tech Girl Superhero Showcase held at the Microsoft centre in Sydney on Thursday, September 29. The showcase celebrated the power of innovation, the opportunities of technology and society’s next technology superheroes. St Philip Neri School in NSW won the primary school competition with their app Reading Republic and Western Australia’s St Mary's Anglican Girls' School won the secondary school competition with their app Vocabulary Voyagers. The app is free and available on Google Play. Kira Molloy, Teale Lyon and Delaney Eastabrook are the brains behind Vocabulary Voyagers, which is a literary improvement game. It works to improve spelling, punctuation and grammar through games, activities and spelling lists based on the Australian curriculum. It’s available on Google Play. Angelica, Claire, Sophia and Sabrina created the free app Reading Republic, which helps kids learn to read in fun and engaging way. Inspired by the motto “good education should be free,” the app offers an inexpensive way to learn and improve reading skills. The group of girls divided the workload, with each girl appointed a specific role from coding, design to organisation. The girls were led by their mentor Monica Wulff and coach Nicola O’Brien. “Their work has been outstanding,” Ms Wulff said. The creativity of the students was evident as four teams pitched their apps to the crowd at the showcase. The apps covered everything from curing boredom to identifying problems in the Murray River. The Gol Gol Public School team developed Messing with the Murray, which identified the main causes of contamination in the Murray River such as golf balls, algae, development, erosion and traffic. Through colour coding, the app tells users if the river is safe to swim in or is toxic.  Tech superstars from Gol Gol Public School #techgirls#STEM@FairfaxMedia@FairfaxRegionalpic.twitter.com/H6M5Lgf7Tp— Dominica Sanda (@dominikasanda) September 29, 2016 Ava Thompson said through the development process, they created stronger links with the community and the local council had changed some of the development on the riverfront. “We feel that this process has given us great skills and we have developed an app that will be benefit to our community and the rest of Australia,” Ava said. The girls agreed the best part of the challenge was learning how to code and making a change in the community. Their mentor Hong Hammett said it was impressive to watch the girls identify a real problem in the community and offer a solution. “They influenced local government to make some changes,” Ms Hammett said. “Their effort has really paid off and is even improving the quality of life for community members. “I’m so proud of them.” #techsupergirl finalists @FairfaxRegional@TGAsuperheroespic.twitter.com/aMpfLqqpLd— Dominica Sanda (@dominikasanda) September 29, 2016 The tech superstars heard from the best in the industry at the showcase including a Microsoft representative, Sally-Ann Williams, Engineering Community and Outreach Manager, ambassador for digital technologies curriculum in literacy and numeracy for Google and Fairfax Media’s Chief Information Officer Robyn Elliott. These successful women spoke of their journeys in the industry, the exciting opportunities technology posed for the future generation and offered invaluable advice for the young tech experts. “This program encourages you to look at a problem and see it as a solution, encouraging you to be someone that’s a game change,” Ms Williams said. “Be a real game changer in the world by bringing radical solutions to the world.” All 72 teams which entered the competition can now apply for the Global Technovation Challenge, which will take the winning team to the United States to further their innovative thinking and technology skills. Learning how to code...because you can never start too early #techgirls#techgirlsuperhero@TGAsuperheroespic.twitter.com/skJ1vfYox5— Dominica Sanda (@dominikasanda) September 29, 2016 Latest News Sydney crime figure Pasquale Barbaro shot dead in Earlwood street Malcolm Turnbull turns attack on ABC and the 'elite media' for distracting people Bill Shorten vows Labor will put Australian workers first New Zealand earthquake: Weather hampers rescue of stranded residents Accused of rape, Julian Assange gives statement to Swedish prosecutor in embassy Editor's Picks An addict broke her jaw. The force broke her spirit Missing: broken hearts keep asking why ‘Give it back’: South Coast man's battle with museum Calls for judge who convicted paedophile to be removed Top Stories Mount Ousley truck crash sparks monster jam, city grinds to a halt Truck accident causes traffic havoc on Mt Ousley Road ‘Just at Towradgi, thanks’: triple-zero caller could hold key to hit-and-run mystery Oak Flats gunman made racial threats before shooting: court Drunk driver contacts 000 during pursuit, asks police to ‘leave him alone’ Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Inside Radiance of the Seas’ voyage to Wollongong: blog Stay with us from 6am on Sunday as we keep you updated on the Radiance of the Seas’ ... Illawarra celebrates Melbourne Cup Day 2016: photos, video Illawarra punters party hard on Melbourne Cup day. 18 Wollongong eateries to try - from Friday night feeds to lazy Sunday breakfasts Some favourite feeds from the Illawarra Mercury reporting team. Radiance of the Seas arrives in Wollongong: your photos Have you got a Radiance of the Seas photo you’d like to share? Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2016. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Regional Focus National World Business Politics Kochie's Business Builders Digital Edition Sport Local Sport Hawks Nest Fishing Dragon's Den AFL Soccer Basketball Junior Sport News Opinion Letters Opinion Editorial Community Local Business Feature Competitions Sponsorships Subscribe Life & Style Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Relationships Travel Domain Cars Pets & Animals Entertainment Books & Arts Celebrity TV & Movies Technology TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
null
CogDogBlog What the ….? Obligatory About First Bark Last 100 Barks Cool Tech Quotes On Blogging Colo.. Coloph… Dog-a-Gories Photography Odyssey TRU Ideas WordPress Feed WordPress 101 Rants ds106 Class Notes and Stuff Slices Folio Webs Woven Sights Calling Card Barking Dog Photos Flickring Since 2004 Giphy-ing Medium Writing Made By Moi Flickr CC Attribution Helper Pechaflickr Five Card Flickr Stories Feed2JS ds106 Assignment Bank WordPress Theme Daily Blank WordPress Theme MOOC Mocking Make a MOOC SPLOT Webmaker stuff ImageSeeking For Fantastic Visual Metaphors Words With No English Translations WordPress Search Bookmarklet Randomly The Hidden Complexity of Attribution, Reverse Image Search On October 30, 2016 4 Blog Pile It all starts with a tweet. From a friend. This is a clue as to where I am going. Colorado vineyard country threatened by oil and gas drilling plans wilderness https://t.co/T73QGaPbj7 via @sharethis @cogdog used your pix — Oogie McGuire (@OogieM) October 29, 2016 Oogie and her husband run Desert Weyr a ranch in Colorado that raises a rare breed of black sheep, I’ve known them both back to the Macromedia days of the 1990s. Fracking is a contentious issue where they live. And it’s nice to see an online article from the Wilderness Society featuring one of my photos in their article about this issue. I took that photo in September this year when I visited Oogie- I remember walking my dog down their driveway and taken by the late day light on the rocks all the way to Uncompahgre peak. And it’s very cool to have my photo on the Wilderness Society web site. That’s what sharing under Creative Commons enables. They use my photo, I get credit. That might have been the end of the story. I did get attribution. My name and the word flickr. No link on the text, or the image. No mention of the license. If you look at the best practices for attribution written by Creative Commons it recommends an attribution include the four TASL elements – Title, Author, Source, and License. You might say it has two, but — here is the quiz… Can you find information about the photo, or even the photo itself, or the author? What if you wanted to see other photos in the series? Maybe there were three more by the author, perhaps at different angles, that would help you? What if you loved the photo so much you wanted to be the creator a cup of coffee? It’s an attribution, but a dead end one. Weak IMHO. C-. And it’s not just being picky to me. This is not just some person’s blog, this is in influential organization. IMHO, companies, organizations that make use of freely openly licensed media have a responsibility to set an example for their audience. As a reader of the Wilderness Society, this suggests the way I ought to do attribution. I was curious to find my own photo. Because it is recent, I remember when it was taken, I could comb through my flickr archive timeline. I decided to try what a dedicated internet user would do to find an image source- the magic of reverse image search. Alec Couros recently tweeted a nice screencast on how to do this: “How to Detect a Facebook Scammer With Google Reverse Image Search” https://t.co/hzM5lu2In5 #PeelCelebratingLearning — Dr. Alec Couros (@courosa) August 24, 2016 It’s an insanely valuable digital literacy skill, more so than using an Adobe product (snarky). I use the Chrome Image search extension that makes this even easier. A control/right click on the image! Get the Chrome Image search extension, it makes revers image searches a direct action Now Google Image search seems magical- it sounds like it is able to find the exact same image just like it can find the exact words you use. It’s worth knowing more how image search works. The results at first are a dead end: It’s not finding exact matches of the image– it did not even find my original image I know is on flickr. It looks for the file name (flickr images are mumbo jumbo), words used on pages in context (which is why it suggests “Flickr” as “best guess” (a useless guess, Google you AI bumpkin), and then it is finding images that are visually similar- matching colors, and shapes formed by the patterns of colors in the image. It found matching images of landscapes in the southwest USA (I am guessing) dominated by orange rocks in the foreground, mountains, and a blue sky. That is still useful and neat that it can do this. But what you are getting as a search result are inferences, not matches. But it did not find my photo. Google Fail. But wait. At the bottom. “Pages that include matching images” – the image there is an exact match! How did Google mis it? And I know charbeck10 – that is Chris Harbeck from Winnipeg, a friend who has visited me in Arizona and me at his home. What it found was that Chris favorited my flickr photo… And from there I have a link to my photo, the one that Google could not find. flickr photo shared by cogdogblog under a Creative Commons ( BY ) license Here is how you do attribution ;-) If I followed the common “rules” of Creative Commons, I do not need to attribute my own photos. But I do. What kind of example do I set otherwise? Side Note: Flickr has failed as promised to switch my back catalog to CC0, which if it did, would bust open my argument here. Thanks for screwing this up, Flickr. For some people, when you say “Creative Commons”, they tell you- what’s the big deal? Use the licenses, give attribution. It’s easy. And when you hear about reverse image search, it sounds easy. Google finds images just like words. Easy, easy. But neither true. What works is… people. If Oogie had not told me about the reuse of my image, I never would have known. If Chris had not favorited my photo, it would have been much harder for me, and likely impossible for the intrepid reverse image searcher, to find the results. I may change my mind about the value of favoriting. Under the surface of the easy pieces, people, not technology, make the web connected (well a simple hyperlink by the Wilderness Society would have helped). It’s chaotic, but it’s more interesting than one click red buttons. Top / Featured Image: Often the metaphor for a post is somewhat clear in my mind, this one I was all over the map. I was thinking of the idea of what looks easy is often not, but the images on easy found are all that red button, and suspect photos of women. I switched to hidden complexity and found a better variety. The one I chose is actually on the keyword chaos which might have been a good start. But this image– Faces a pixabay image by Geralt licensed CC0 — was perfect. The post "The Hidden Complexity of Attribution, Reverse Image Search" was originally pushed out of the bottom of a purple jar of Play-Doh at CogDogBlog (http://cogdogblog.com/2016/10/the-hidden-complexity-of-attribution-reverse-image-search/) on October 30, 2016. attributioncreativecommonswebserendipity Car Points: My History The Pretty Good, Not So Bad, and Conference Conundrum of #OpenEd16 Similar Barkings Opening Up Attribution with Mediachain Be it ever so humble, the email of gratitude Attribution Recursion 4 Comments Mark Wilson October 30, 2016 at 9:36 am Reply Hi Alan Now, you’ve got me doing it too. An image search led me to the German book cover the faces come from; https://www.amazon.de/Endlich-Mann-sein-Heinz-Kruschel-ebook/dp/B00WWU0AI8/, and an unattributed reuse of Geralt’s “Faces” by The Register in the UK; http://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/07/12/microsoft_decides_small_is_beautiful_for_cognitive_services/. Is Geralt’s “Faces” an acceptable use of a presumably proprietary image from a book cover? Alan Levine aka CogDog cogdogblog.com October 30, 2016 at 5:25 pm Reply Ha, that makes it more complex and interesting. I’d check the license on the book image, but it’s not uncommon someone posts something that is not theirs under an open license. We spend so much time figuring this out– imagine if just all images were accurately attributed and if so, open to reuse? Maha Bali October 30, 2016 at 10:27 am Reply U do know that ur lovely Flickr attribution helper doesn’t include the title, right? So 3/4 But i still love it Alan Levine aka CogDog cogdogblog.com October 30, 2016 at 5:27 pm Reply Yes. I never considered the title important but am considering redoing the format. But U do know that *anyone* can customize the output by forking the attribution maker? I built it so people could create their own flavors. Maybe 3 people have done this Leave a Comment Cancel reply All fields are required. Your email address will not be published. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Recent Barkings Popular Howls My Recondite Project: Visualizing @Katexic Words All I Got is a Stupid Grating Bot Seeing Web Tracking Data is Like Learning What Jell-O is Made Of A Ghost Trackback: Cory Doctorow Remix GIFs from the Past El Orange Chupacabra: Issue 1 of Only 1 Into the Great Wide Open Meet Rachel… Anne…Tiffany… from Card Holder Services The 60,000 Times Question Remains Unanswered Seeking Evidence of Badge Evidence The Question Should be: Why Are You *Not* Blogging On Blogging Others Bark Back john on My Recondite Project: Visualizing @Katexic Words Chris Lott on My Recondite Project: Visualizing @Katexic Words Aaron Davis on In the MOOD: Sharing the Certification Project at Open Education 2016 Elena on Welcome to the Paradox (and Myth) of “Best Tool for X” Alan Levine aka CogDog on El Orange Chupacabra: Issue 1 of Only 1 dkernohan on El Orange Chupacabra: Issue 1 of Only 1 Sandy Brown Jensen on Clifford Simak’s City: The Canny Valley of Story Muhlenberg College: The ‘Berg Builds | bavatuesdays on The Pretty Good, Not So Bad, and Conference Conundrum of #OpenEd16 Grant on The Pretty Good, Not So Bad, and Conference Conundrum of #OpenEd16 @cogdog sez #opened16 "the 'annual' musical jam that Jim refers to really goes back to the brilliance of @sleslie conference planning in 2012" #opened16 http://cogdogblog.com/2016/11/conference-conundrum/ on The Pretty Good, Not So Bad, and Conference Conundrum of #OpenEd16 Dog With a Camera gimme more photos... I’ll Fill Your Inbox Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Buried Toys Buried Toys Select Month November 2016  (9) October 2016  (17) September 2016  (14) August 2016  (18) July 2016  (30) June 2016  (18) May 2016  (28) April 2016  (27) March 2016  (37) February 2016  (42) January 2016  (37) December 2015  (6) November 2015  (27) October 2015  (22) September 2015  (19) August 2015  (30) July 2015  (15) June 2015  (16) May 2015  (29) April 2015  (15) March 2015  (26) February 2015  (37) January 2015  (16) December 2014  (36) November 2014  (32) October 2014  (36) September 2014  (21) August 2014  (22) July 2014  (27) June 2014  (23) May 2014  (21) April 2014  (22) March 2014  (23) February 2014  (24) January 2014  (25) December 2013  (35) November 2013  (24) October 2013  (16) September 2013  (26) August 2013  (35) July 2013  (46) June 2013  (27) May 2013  (35) April 2013  (27) March 2013  (13) February 2013  (41) January 2013  (49) December 2012  (43) November 2012  (34) October 2012  (39) September 2012  (30) August 2012  (40) July 2012  (33) June 2012  (26) May 2012  (20) April 2012  (30) March 2012  (28) February 2012  (54) January 2012  (40) December 2011  (41) November 2011  (33) October 2011  (55) September 2011  (43) August 2011  (22) July 2011  (19) June 2011  (43) May 2011  (39) April 2011  (25) March 2011  (33) February 2011  (34) January 2011  (20) December 2010  (22) November 2010  (19) October 2010  (16) September 2010  (11) August 2010  (18) July 2010  (28) June 2010  (10) May 2010  (24) April 2010  (20) March 2010  (21) February 2010  (12) January 2010  (18) December 2009  (15) November 2009  (16) October 2009  (20) September 2009  (25) August 2009  (19) July 2009  (29) June 2009  (20) May 2009  (28) April 2009  (18) March 2009  (24) February 2009  (15) January 2009  (26) December 2008  (24) November 2008  (41) October 2008  (44) September 2008  (25) August 2008  (42) July 2008  (38) June 2008  (30) May 2008  (25) April 2008  (23) March 2008  (29) February 2008  (28) January 2008  (28) December 2007  (27) November 2007  (41) October 2007  (8) September 2007  (19) August 2007  (21) July 2007  (32) June 2007  (19) May 2007  (30) April 2007  (30) March 2007  (26) February 2007  (23) January 2007  (32) December 2006  (37) November 2006  (18) October 2006  (19) September 2006  (15) August 2006  (24) July 2006  (24) June 2006  (41) May 2006  (40) April 2006  (33) March 2006  (39) February 2006  (40) January 2006  (38) December 2005  (26) November 2005  (26) October 2005  (44) September 2005  (44) August 2005  (52) July 2005  (41) June 2005  (49) May 2005  (50) April 2005  (34) March 2005  (47) February 2005  (55) January 2005  (59) December 2004  (65) November 2004  (26) October 2004  (48) September 2004  (37) August 2004  (37) July 2004  (40) June 2004  (25) May 2004  (43) April 2004  (23) March 2004  (38) February 2004  (27) January 2004  (33) December 2003  (32) November 2003  (34) October 2003  (45) September 2003  (21) August 2003  (37) July 2003  (29) June 2003  (13) May 2003  (14) April 2003  (15) Cute Little Icons This dog house is deftly powered by the awesomeness of the One, the Only, the WordPress. This pile of blog poop is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License and may be patrolled by a friendly small dog (with a wagging tail). This means you can reuse any content published here as long as you provide linktribution and you share in the same way. Ok?
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Super-cheap driverless cabs to kick mass transit to the curb Bloomberg 10/29/2016 Christopher Martin and Joe Ryan Click to expand Replay Video Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Donald Trump's shocking victory for the White House may end the more than 30-year-old bull run in bonds. According to Reuters, that's because bets on faster U.S. growth and inflation are leading investors to favor stocks over bonds. A two-day thumping wiped out more than $1 trillion across global bond markets worldwide, on bets that plans under a Trump administration would boost business investments and spending while firing up inflation. It was the worst rout in nearly 1-1/2 years. Wochit Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year American Apparel LLC filed for its second bankruptcy protection in just over a year, weighed down by intense competitive pressures facing U.S. teen retailers. Bobbi Rebell reports. Reuters Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Marijuana may have been Election 2016's biggest winner, but could the Trump Presidency spell the end of its legalization? Cannabis industry expert Debra Borchardt explains. Forbes PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume The Future of Driverless Cars Wired See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 America's complicated, critical trade relations with China CNN Money1:56 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 'Godfather' Beverly Hills mansion listed for $175 million CNBC0:40 Kenneth Cole is reportedly closing nearly all of its stores Veuer0:49 Why President Trump might be bad for gun sales CNN Money1:11 Zuckerberg says it's 'crazy' to blame Facebook for election results Newsy1:16 Trump's infrastructure investment plan evokes Ayn Rand The Wall Street Journal.3:38 Newsweek prematurely ships out Madam President magazine cover Inside Edition0:37 The net worth of American presidents 24/7 Wall St.0:54 Buffett after Trump win: '100%' optimistic about America CNN Money20:55 New Balance sparks social media backlash The Wall Street Journal.1:38 5 ways to win Black Friday Credit.com1:22 Alibaba Singles Day sales break $5 billion in an hour Reuters0:59 UP NEXT Mass transit, the lifeblood of cities worldwide, is under threat from the biggest innovation in automotive technology since Henry Ford’s assembly line first flooded streets with cars. Quotes in the article Tesla Motors Inc TSLA ▼ 181.45 -7.11 -3.77% General Motors Co GM ▼ 33.28 -0.74 -2.18% Ford Motor Co F ▼ 12.06 -0.22 -1.79% The self-driving vehicles being pioneered by Tesla Motors Inc., Alphabet Inc.’s Google and others are poised to dramatically lower the cost of taxis, potentially making them cheaper than buses or subways, according to a joint report by Bloomberg New Energy Finance and McKinsey & Co. Having no driver to pay could reduce taxi prices to 67 cents a mile by 2025, less than a quarter of the cost in Manhattan today, the report found. It’s a change with the potential to reshape commuting patterns, transforming urban life. As prices fall, the challenge for cities is that the cars may become too popular. Instead of complementing public transit, they may lure commuters away from buses and trains, inundating streets with drone cars. “If we don’t manage this properly, the most dense cities in the world will be pretty unpleasant places to live,” said Colin McKerracher, an analyst with Bloomberg New Energy Finance. Automakers have significant hurdles to overcome before cars can effectively drive themselves; the technology now is more like an autopilot that must be constantly monitored. While driverless cars have already shown the ability to handle highways, companies are pushing to perfect them for city streets, using GPS to navigate and sophisticated sensors to detect vehicles, pedestrians, bicyclists and pets.  “It’s an astounding development in the transportation world,” said Lucius Riccio, a professor at Columbia University and former New York City transportation commissioner. “This is the first major change in 100 years.” < PREVIOUS SLIDESLIDE 1 of 5NEXT SLIDE > An autonomous vehicle is driven during its test drive in Singapore on Aug. 24. © Yong Teck Lim/AP Photo Taxi, No Driver The arrival of driverless taxis comes as the industry is upended by ride-sharing services offered by Uber Technologies Inc., Lyft Inc. and others. The prospect of computers at the wheel will dwarf those controversies, imperiling an entire profession immortalized by Robert De Niro in the film Taxi Driver. More than 150,000 people earn their living driving taxis and limousines in New York City, accounting for 4 percent of employment. “The possibility of self-driving cars in New York is not around the corner, but it is in the future,” said New York City Taxi & Limousine Commission Chairman Meera Joshi. Elon Musk has pledged to have a Tesla drive itself to New York City from Los Angeles next year. Uber is piloting autonomous vehicles in Pittsburgh. General Motors Co. in March acquired Cruise Automation Inc., which is testing self-driving vehicles in San Francisco. And by 2021, Ford Motor Co. expects to offer a fully autonomous car -- devoid of steering wheels and brake pedals -- for ride-hailing services. Once companies work out the kinks, they say driverless technology may make traffic accidents nearly nonexistent. Computers don’t fall asleep at the wheel, get drunk or text while driving. Electric automated vehicles could reduce smog and greenhouse gases. Lower-priced taxis, meanwhile could make bus and train stations more accessible for suburban commuters, boosting mass transit ridership. Cities are grappling with how to respond. Los Angeles is exploring how driverless vehicles might fill mass-transit gaps. And Boston is working with the World Economic Forum to test whether driverless electric vehicles will reduce pollution and improve safety on the city’s twisting streets.  “We know that humans aren’t very good at driving vehicles, and this is maybe a way to start eliminating those roadway fatalities,” said Kris Carter, co-chair of Boston’s Office of New Urban Mechanics.  Not all cities are embracing the technology. On the same September day Uber began testing Ford Fusions in Pittsburgh, two Chicago lawmakers introduced legislation to ban automated vehicles. “We do not want the streets of Chicago to be used as an experiment,’’ said Alderman Edward Burke, one of the sponsors of the bill that would impose $500 fines for deploying driverless cars on city streets. Cabbies are unlikely to vanish all at once. The automated taxis Uber is testing in Pittsburgh have drivers in the front seat, ready to grab the wheel if needed, and initially, they’ll stick to certain neighborhoods. As the technology advances, companies say the cars will start to roam throughout cities, just as mobile phone services gradually blanketed regions years ago. “Urban driving is the most difficult piece of this,” said Carol Reiley, president and co-founder of Drive.ai, a Mountain View, California, company that develops software for self-driving vehicles. “But that is where we are heading.” The shift could dramatically recreate streetscapes. Entire lanes may be dedicated to driverless cars. Traffic signals, highway signs and parking lots may become obsolete. Even curbs, designed in part prevent vehicles from careening onto sidewalks, may go the way of the horse-drawn buggy.  “At the same time, we need to remember that cities are for people,” said Seleta Reynolds, general manager of the Los Angeles Department of Transportation. “We can’t let the arrival of driverless cars change that.” To contact the reporters on this story: Christopher Martin in New York at cmartin11@bloomberg.net, Joe Ryan in New York at jryan173@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Reed Landberg at landberg@bloomberg.net, Will Wade, Jeffrey Taylor  ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Private equity firms keep gobbling up ad tech companies — and the trend shows no sign of slowing Lara O'Reilly Oct. 30, 2016, 8:30 AM 6,168 facebook linkedin twitter email print Private equity firms keep gobbling up ad tech companies. andrechinn/Flickr CC The number of ad tech firms being bought by private equity companies has been steadily rising over the past three years and the trend shows no sign of dissipating. Notable recent deals include Applovin's $1.4 billion sale to Chinese private equity firm Orient Hontai Capital in September and Vector Capital's acquisition of Sizmek for $122 million in August. Results International, a UK-based mergers and acquisitions advisor, told Business Insider the number of private equity company buyouts of ad tech companies over the past three years has risen from four in 2014, to six in 2015, and to nine in the first three quarters of 2016. If you include "mar tech" companies — many of which also supply ad-buying and other services to advertisers (like Marketo, which was taken private by Vista in a $1.8 billion deal in August)  — there have been 15 transactions in 2016 so far, according to data supplied by investment bank Petsky Prunier. In 2015, private equity firms were responsible for 20 ad tech/mar tech transactions, according to the Petsky Prunier data. (See the full list of 2016 transactions below.) Why are private equity firms suddenly so hungry for ad tech? For many early ad tech companies, the clear exit strategy used to be building up your business so it was attractive enough to be bought by digital media giant like Google or Yahoo. But those kind of deals have become far less common in recent years. Venture capital money is still flowing into the ad tech market, but most of the rounds aren't as big as they used to be. And while there was a recent ad tech IPO, that was the first since March 2015 as fewer ad tech firms opt to go public. John Prunier, partner at Petsky Prunier, told Business Insider: "Confronted by scant interest from the largest and highest-paying strategic companies — Google most visibly — and a consequent drying up of growth capital, ad tech companies were forced to retool their products and business models." Now, many ad tech firms have shifted to a software as a service (Saas) model, which means regular recurring revenues from clients, rather than having to rely on taking a margin from marketers' fluctuating digital ad spend. Prunier said: "While managed services still generate a majority of ad tech revenue, most companies in the segment offer and are rapidly commercializing software-based solutions. This generates lower revenue, but it is the sort of revenue private equity has a greater confidence in and values more highly." Ad tech firms now are seen by some private equity companies as less of a risk as they once were. Plus, because there is a large supply of ad tech companies in the market, many ad tech company valuations still remain attractively modest enough for private equity firms to begin building their own ad tech stacks. Julie Langley, partner at Results International, told Business Insider: "Many private equity firms pursue what’s called a ‘buy and build’ strategy. This means bolting on complementary geographies or technologies to a business they’ve acquired with the intention of taking it to IPO or selling it to a strategic buyer. There are large numbers of sub-scale ad tech businesses out there that would be good targets for this approach." The types of ad tech companies private equity firms are hungry for Private equity firms have been mostly leaning towards companies with SaaS models — hence the large number of martech acquisitions. Langley said: "Traditional ad tech revenue models tend to be much more transactional — and easier to turn off — so are less predictable. Private equity much prefers enterprise software because of its stickiness. In other words: It’s painful to rip out and replace. A SaaS license model offers a degree of assurance in terms of driving longer terms revenues. This means private equity firms can feel more comfortable in putting more debt into the business, this in turn helps to drive their upside." Drilling down into the financials, Prunier said private equity firms tend to be looking to tick off this checklist (although he stressed this is indicative only): A minimum $30 million in gross profit Marquee clients A developed sales strategy with demonstrable customer acquisition costs and lifetime value metrics Repeatable, if not wholly-recurring revenue Evidence that operating leverage or some other driver of EBITDA margin expansion will be attainable Is private equity interest good for the ad tech market? Private equity offers ad tech firms another liquidity option, offering the companies the potential to grow, both organically and alongside add-on acquisitions. It's arguable that selling to a private equity firm isn't as sexy as being bought by Google or taking your company to IPO. It's probably reasonable to assume that data management platform Krux, which sold to Salesforce for a reported $700 million earlier this month, received a better price from selling to a strategic investor like Salesforce than it would have done had it gone down the private equity route. Should private equity interest in the ad tech market be viewed as a good thing? The fact that ad tech businesses now have the right cash flow, profile, profitability, and business model for private equity companies to show interest demonstrates the sector's maturity and market acceptance, according to Joshua Wepman, a managing director at investment bank GCA Global. "The investment community has recognized this is an important asset of the digital economy, so they are looking at ways to benefit from this macro market trend towards digital," Wepman said. The interest from private equity firms adds to the growing number of new entrants in the ad tech space — telecoms companies like Verizon, the growing raft of Chinese buyers, and cloud companies like Salesforce and Oracle. While some naysayers have been trying to write off the ad tech market as dead (except for a small pocket of big players), perhaps the uptick in private equity transactions suggests the opposite: ad tech is still very much on stage, but the ensemble of players has changed. 2016 Ad Tech and Mar Tech/Private Equity transactions (Source: Petsky Prunier):   September 2016 AppLovin - Orient Hontai Capital Group IMD - Inflexion Private Equity August 2016 Sizmek - Vector Capital Corporation  July 2016 Revenew - Marlin Equity Partners  May 2016 TRANZACT - Clayton, Dubilier & Riicer Marketo - Vista Equity Partners Vertafore - Vista Equity Partners April 2016 Cvent - Vista Equity Partners Sitecore - EQT Holdings March 2016 Clarus Commerce - Trivergance Acquisitions Guestline - The Riverside Company Mi9 Retail - Summit Partners January 2016 Media Properties Holdings - Cannella Response Television/ZMC/Palladium Equity Partners Vision Media Management - CenterGate Capital Fiverun - Vista Equity Partners SEE ALSO: Why Chinese firms keep paying big bucks for ad-tech companies NOW WATCH: It’s surreal to watch this 2011 video of Obama and Seth Meyers taunting Trump about a presidential run Loading video... More: Ad Tech Prime facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Private equity firms keep gobbling up ad tech companies — and the trend shows no sign of slowing Private equity firms keep gobbling up ad tech companies — and the trend shows no sign of slowing The number of ad tech firms being bought by... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Advertising Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Advertising Select Advertising: The Brief More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! How Google embarrassed Apple – Business Insider Posted on October 30, 2016 by Business Insider Google’s new Pixel phone launched to positive reviews, largely because of the phone’s new digital helper called Google Assistant. As I wrote in my review of the new Google Pixel, it’s relatively easy to make a high-end smartphone these days. The real … Why Google’s New Phone Will Soon Be IrrelevantFortune Google tries new approach with voice on Pixel phoneReuters Google Assistant: what’s so special about it, what can I do with it?Phone Arena Top Tech News -Android Central -Komando -CEPro all 48 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Close Skip to main content The Guardian Change editions from the US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines UK news world news politics environment business tech science money headlines US election US news world environment business US politics tech science money headlines australia news world news australian politics environment economy immigration indigenous australia media tech headlines world news UK news environment business tech science cities development opinion opinion home Polly Toynbee Owen Jones Marina Hyde George Monbiot Gary Younge Nick Cohen more columnists the guardian view our cartoonists opinion home Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning more columnists opinion home first dog on the moon Katharine Murphy Kristina Keneally Richard Ackland Van Badham Lenore Taylor Jason Wilson Brigid Delaney more columnists opinion home columnists the guardian view cartoons sport sport home football cricket rugby union F1 tennis golf cycling boxing racing rugby league US sports sport home soccer NFL MLS MLB NBA NHL tennis sport home football australia sport AFL NRL a-league cricket rugby union tennis cycling sport home football cricket rugby union F1 tennis golf cycling boxing US sports arts culture home film tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical culture home film tv & radio music art & design books stage classical games culture home film music tv & radio books stage art & design games culture home film tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical life lifestyle home fashion food travel love & sex family home & garden health & fitness women tech lifestyle home fashion food travel love & sex family home & garden health & fitness women tech lifestyle home food family love & sex health & fitness home & garden women travel fashion lifestyle home fashion food travel love & sex family home & garden health & fitness women tech What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe become a supporter subscribe become a supporter subscribe become a supporter subscribe Sign in my account Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out apps jobs dating professional masterclasses courses holidays today's paper the observer crosswords apps jobs crosswords video apps masterclasses crosswords video apps dating jobs masterclasses today's paper the observer crosswords video Facebook Twitter sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close soccer Championship Championship Birmingham City 1-1 Aston Villa: Championship – as it happened A deflected David Davis effort in the second-half earned Birmingham a 1-1 draw after Gary Gardner’s brilliant header had given Aston Villa the lead Updated Westwood chases down Maghoma. Photograph: Nick Potts/PA Nick Miller @NickMiller79 Sunday 30 October 2016 10.07 EDT Last modified on Sunday 30 October 2016 10.24 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Key events Show 10.03am EDT 10:03 Full-time: Birmingham City 1-1 Aston Villa 9.33am EDT 09:33 GOAL! Birmingham 1-1 Aston Villa (Davis 71) 8.52am EDT 08:52 Half-time: Birmingham City 0-1 Aston Villa 8.30am EDT 08:30 GOAL! Birmingham City 0-1 Aston Villa (Gardner 29) 7.17am EDT 07:17 Team news 7.08am EDT 07:08 Preamble Live feed Show 10.24am EDT 10:24 Read Sachin Nakrani’s match report from St Andrew’s: Birmingham City and Steve Bruce’s Aston Villa share points in frantic derby Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.07am EDT 10:07 And that’s yer lot. A decent game without being a proper classic. Both sides will probably be disappointed not to have won, which probably means a draw was a fair result. Probably. Birmingham go up to seventh, and Villa are now up one to 15th. Cheers for reading, and now have a look at Everton v West Ham in the Prem. Daniel Harris is taking you through that one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.03am EDT 10:03 Full-time: Birmingham City 1-1 Aston Villa Peeeeeeeep-peeeeeeeep-peeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.03am EDT 10:03 90 mins + 11: McCormack delivers the cross, but this time Dean somehow finds a foul in the Birmingham box by a Villa player. What a maverick this man is. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.02am EDT 10:02 90 mins + 10: But wait: a free-kick for Villa, about 40 yards out on the right... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.01am EDT 10:01 90 mins + 9: A throw for Birmingham. It’s eventually launched into the box by Morrison, towards Jutkiewicz, but it’s too long and that might be that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.00am EDT 10:00 90 mins + 7: Agbonlahor has a minor case of the Gazzas in the 1991 FA Cup final. He chases Maghoma down frantically then hacks him to the ground, about two yards in front of the linesman, then bafflingly claims innocence. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.59am EDT 09:59 90 mins + 6: After about four minutes break, we’re back, and a minor goalmouth scramble ends as referee Dean finds a free-kick from somewhere to give to Villa. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.57am EDT 09:57 90 mins + 4: Wiggins is being loaded very carefully onto a stretcher. Looks bad. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.55am EDT 09:55 90 mins + 2: Oxygen mask for Wiggins. Ach, poor lad. Looks like the old warhorse Paul Robinson will come on his his place. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.55am EDT 09:55 90 mins + 1: Wiggins drives inside from the left and finds enough room for a shot, which he takes and it flicks off a defender, completely wrong-footing Gollini but it scuttles just, just wide of the post. Of more concern for Wiggins is that he seemed to collide with a defender just after the shot, he’s down on the turf and looks in serious bother. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.53am EDT 09:53 90 mins: Maghoma is rapidly closed down by Agbonlahor but a little too aggressively, and the Villa man gives away a free-kick. Five minutes of added time. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.52am EDT 09:52 89 mins: Villa try to tee up a crossing chance, but it comes from Amavi and he hoys it far too long from the left. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.50am EDT 09:50 87 mins: Big guns for Villa now: Rudy Gestede is on, and it’s in place of Westwood. That’s four forwards on the pitch for Bruce’s boys now. Updated at 9.51am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.49am EDT 09:49 86 mins: Shotton gets away with one as he tries to take the ball around McCormack on the edge of his own box, the striker tackles him but fortunately for the Brum man, it goes out for a goal-kick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.48am EDT 09:48 85 mins: Corner for Birmingham from the left, which Cotterill swings over, Shotton rises and heads back into the middle from the back post, but Morrison can only stab over the bar from inside the six-yard box. Big chance that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.47am EDT 09:47 84 mins: Wiggins booms a cross over from the left, it drops to Cotterill but he hesitates while deciding whether to shoot first-time or control it, and ends up doing neither. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.44am EDT 09:44 81 mins: Agbonlahor gets involved straight away, laying the ball back to McCormack, but his shot is deflected wide. From the corner, Kodjia wins the header but diverts it wide. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.43am EDT 09:43 80 mins: Now then: set your narrative-o-meters to heavy. A sub for Villa, as Gabriel Agbonlahor comes on for Ayew. This is his first involvement since March, and until Bruce arrived it very much looked like he would never play for Villa again. But here he is. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.42am EDT 09:42 79 mins: Villa corner from the left. Ayew can’t beat the first man, it breaks to Kodjia whose shot is blocked. Birmingham haven’t quite harnessed the momentum from their goal a few minutes ago. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.39am EDT 09:39 76 mins: What a chance! Davis skims a cross into the box for Jutkiewicz, who nods it down towards Spector, he lets it go to Donaldson in space around 12 yards from goal, but he drags his shot wide. Half of the crowd were up in anticipation of the goal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.38am EDT 09:38 75 mins: Gardner is allowed to run through the middle of the Birmingham midfield, he slides a lovely pass through to Kodjia in the Thierry Henry position, but he’s just offside. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.37am EDT 09:37 74 mins: The home fans are in better voice now, with that chant encouraging all and sundry to “void their bowels on the Villa”. Or words to that effect. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.35am EDT 09:35 71 mins: Cotterill is straight into the action, making a fine run down the right and to the byline. His cross is half-cleared, makes its way to Davis on the edge of the box and sidesteps around one challenge, but creates enough space to fire a low shot into the bottom corner, perhaps via a small deflection. He repeats Gardner’s celebration, running around with a crazed look in his eyes, but adds the variation of removing his shirt, which of course earns him a booking. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.33am EDT 09:33 GOAL! Birmingham 1-1 Aston Villa (Davis 71) Well, not quite so happy now. Davis celebrates scoring the equaliser. Photograph: Nick Potts/PA Updated at 9.46am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.32am EDT 09:32 70 mins: A quiet spell. Bruce will presumably be delighted with how this is going. Here comes another change for Birmingham, as David Cotterill replaces Kieftenbeld. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.30am EDT 09:30 68 mins: The Birmingham crowd have their most uplifting moment of the half so far, as McCormack tumbles over the advertising boards. Thin gruel otherwise for Blues. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.28am EDT 09:28 65 mins: The linesman gives one of the most ludicrously wrong decisions you’ll see, as the ball bounces off Hutton’s shins about two feet away from the official, but he gives the throw to Villa. Fortunately for the sake of truth, justice and the footballing way, the throw comes to nothing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.27am EDT 09:27 64 mins: Change for Birmingham, which suggests, shall we say, a change in tactics: big Lukas Jutkiewicz is on for Che Adams. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.25am EDT 09:25 62 mins: Gleeson looks in some pain after winning a challenge them sliding into Ayew - unintentional on the part of both men - and took a whack to the knee. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.23am EDT 09:23 60 mins: Birmingham much the better side in the second half, but they’re still having problems creating too many clear chances. Another attack fizzles as Kieftenbeld swipes at the ball with his left, and misses. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.21am EDT 09:21 57 mins: Some interesting decisions from ref Dean. Jedinak and Gleeson go for a ball in the air, both collide at about the same point, neither goes to ground, neither claim much: free-kick to Villa. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.18am EDT 09:18 55 mins: Ayew streaks down the left and clips a nice cross into the middle, but McCormack seems to mistime his jump and the ball eludes him. Birmingham try to counter, but Westwood cynically takes down Maghoma as he sprints down the left, and gets a fully deserved booking. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.16am EDT 09:16 53 mins: Huge chance for Birmingham, as Maghoma takes advantage of Hutton dithering on the ball and sets himself through on goal, but the Villa right-back does well to get back and at least put the winger off. His shot is scuffed and straight at Gollini, and while the ball gets back to Maghoma, he loses his footing, eventually shovelling the ball somewhere near the goal, but it’s scrambled clear. Maghoma slips, missed chance. Photograph: Matthew Lewis/Getty Images Updated at 9.25am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.14am EDT 09:14 52 mins: Free-kick to Brum in the centre circle, which Shotton clips into the box for Morrison. He wins the header back to Kieftenbeld, but his volley goes over. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.13am EDT 09:13 50 mins: Kodjia is down again, sent to the turf via a knee in the small of his back from Shotton. He’s not happy with either the pain or not even getting a free-kick for his troubles, but after some treatment he should be fine. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.12am EDT 09:12 49 mins: Adams gets down the right, crosses and Donaldson does well to hold the ball up in the box then lay it off to Spector, but his shot is sliced over. Birmingham then build another attack as Maghoma cuts in from the left, but his low effort doesn’t have much power and Gollini saves easily. Adams and Ayew challenge for the ball. Photograph: Matthew Lewis/Getty Images Updated at 9.22am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.10am EDT 09:10 47 mins: Spector seems to knock Ayew to the ground and then straddle his back, making returning to his feet tricky, at best, but nothing given from Renegade Dean. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.08am EDT 09:08 46 mins: And we’re away for the second half. More boos for Brucie, but the atmosphere sounds significantly less lively among the home fans. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.02am EDT 09:02 Without wishing to encourage reading anything but your super soaraway Guardian, you might be interested in these pieces about Steve Bruce’s extra-curricular hobby: novel-writing. He did three of them, remarkably. And if you’d like to hear an extract from one of them read out loud, here’s Football Weekly from a couple of weeks back. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.54am EDT 08:54 Good half for Villa. It’s not been 45 minutes of flowing, dominant football from Brucie’s boys, but they’ve been largely solid and have prevented Birmingham from creating much of note, beyond that Donaldson header that damn near went over the line. Great header for the goal. Great header. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.52am EDT 08:52 Half-time: Birmingham City 0-1 Aston Villa Peeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep-peeeeeeeeeeeeep-peeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep. It’s going to plan for Steve Bruce. Photograph: Matthew Ashton - AMA/Getty Images Updated at 8.53am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.50am EDT 08:50 45 mins + 4: A bit of space opens up in the middle for Birmingham, but again they can’t create something. That frustration from the crowd towards the ref might be a little misdirected. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.48am EDT 08:48 45 mins + 2: Frustration grows in the home crowd as Kodjia trips himself up over Grounds’s torso, but a free-kick is given to the away team. Rowett is not best pleased. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.47am EDT 08:47 45 mins: Five minutes of added time to come. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.46am EDT 08:46 44 mins: McCormack tries to shepherd the ball out for a goal kick under pressure from Che Adams, but it rebounds off his shin and goes out for a corn...oh, no, hello Mike Dean - a goal-kick is given. Forever the maverick, is Deano. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.44am EDT 08:44 42 mins: Birmingham having trouble getting beyond about 40 yards from the Villa goal at the moment. They’re reduced to speculative long passes from deep, one of which Donaldson can’t control, another is too long for Spector down the right and possession is donated right back to Villa. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.42am EDT 08:42 40 mins: Spector has his legs whipped away by Gardner, and here’s a chance for Birmingham to threaten from the free-kick on the right. Maghoma sticks it into the box and finds Shotton, but it goes over. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.41am EDT 08:41 38 mins: Kodjia down on the turf after an aerial challenge with Shotton. The Brum centre-half was pretty robust but it looked like more his heavy landing on his left leg that caused the problem. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.38am EDT 08:38 37 mins: Amavi gets the ball on the left, starts to lose control of it but then takes advantage of a slight hint of breath on his neck from Davis, and goes down. It works, as Dean gives the free-kick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.37am EDT 08:37 35 mins: Not vintage football in the last few minutes. Morrison gives the ball straight to Westwood, who clips it over the top of the defence looking for the run of Gardner, but Shotton scoots over and clears. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.34am EDT 08:34 32 mins: It’d be a stretch to say Villa have been the better team, but man alive what a header that was. Sky summariser David Prutton describes Donaldson as “no slug” in the air. You sort of know what he’s getting at. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Championship Aston Villa Birmingham City Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Championship Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
Monday, 14th Nov 2016 Mon, 14th Nov Today's Paper Sign In Subscribe Now Toggle navigation Home News Local Regional World Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Cartoons Politikles Party Blogs Political Analysis Sports Sunday The World Beyond Georgetown So It Go Conversation Tree Ian on Sunday Development Watch Accountability Watch Arts on Sunday Guyana and the Wider World The View From Europe Chess with Errol Business Page Making a Living The View From Europe Latin View In the Garden In the Rainforest Pet Corner Features Daily Elections Corner In The Diaspora Future Notes What the People Say Ask the Consul For De Record Frankly Speaking History This Week Ways of Looking & Feeling Obituaries Memoriams The Scene Culture Box The Last Word Tastes Like Home The Scene Cartoon Entertainment Business Business Editorials Business Cartoons Stock Market Updates Lifestyle Media Photos Videos Review Classifieds Real Estate Auto Jobs Hotels & Accommodation Restaurants Services For Sale Pets & Livestock Features, Features, Sunday, The View From Europe Action needed to address Caribbean cyber security By David Jessop October 30, 2016 0 Email Print Tweet Share Just over a week ago Google, Facebook, Amazon, Twitter, Netflix, Visa and many more premium providers of global web services, temporarily went offline. This was because they had indirectly suffered the effects of a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack on Dyn, a largely unknown intermediary that enables web users to access the addresses of major websites. Experts say that it may have been the biggest DDoS attack ever mounted, because it brought down a key gateway, and was highly sophisticated in the way in which it sent huge volumes of data, causing Dyn’s servers to deny access to its clients. What was unusual was that the event in part was delivered through insecure smart devices ‒ the so-called internet of things ‒ including everyday items linked to the internet like web cams, baby monitors, smart TVs and dvd players, and even fridges and central heating systems. Apart from indicating an absence of serious thinking about security by those who design and sell such web linked products and regulations to govern them, it demonstrated that it is now possible to indirectly shut down or disrupt essential online services. Reports in the trade press suggest that so serious have DDoS attacks in general become, that more than 30 per cent are now large enough to swamp almost any business or poorly protected government. While few Caribbean cases of DDoS or cyber-crime ever become public, because of the perceived reputational damage, there are ample reports of the existence of cyber-attacks, including theft from banks; the hacking of government websites in the Bahamas and St Vincent by a group claiming to be supporters of ISIS; ransomware attacks on some Caribbean tax authorities; and most recently, the publication online in interrogatable form of 1.3m files from the Bahamas’ corporate registry. These revealed not just the lack of appropriate security within government portals, but the existence of outmoded IT systems and software with the potential, some experts suggest, to have compromised government’s internal communications. They also highlighted the region’s vulnerability, and the absence of local expertise or financial resources to address weaknesses, leaving others to be invited in to provide the necessary technical support and to remedy problems. According to a joint study by the Center for Strategic Studies and McAfee published earlier this year, Latin America and the Caribbean (LAC) has become a new frontier for cyber-attacks and crime at an estimated cost of around US$90 billion per year. The Cipher Brief, a digital, security-based platform that connects the private sector with the world’s leading security experts, recently noted that twelve per cent of DDoS attacks now target the LAC region, and that the number is escalating. It is also the case that there has been a dramatic rise in the number of people, including tourists, with access to Internet-connected devices, potentially increasing national vulnerabilities. Experts suggest attacks will increasingly be directed at softer targets in locations through which funds flow for tax advantage or commercial expediency, and where tourism has become central to the stability of a national or regional economy. While some Caribbean governments and companies have begun to recognise the threat, strikingly not enough money or time is being spent on upgrading, protecting or testing systems related to essential infrastructure, government services, banking and financial services, private sector operations, or on securing media sites. In addition, according to the OAS/IDB report, mistrust and an absence of authoritative information on best practice has led to an unwillingness to designate individuals in the police or military as coordinators of cybersecurity policy development, or to build public-private partnerships that might finance and build cyber security regimes. As with so many matters in the Caribbean, the challenge is not in understanding the nature of the threat, but with implementation. Although governments and a number of international agencies meeting in St Lucia in March signed-off on action plan to strengthen regional co-operation in areas such as training, legislation, technical capacity and law enforcement, since then progress has been slow. To understand the scale of the problems that need to be addressed one only has to read the country by country reports in ‘Cybersecurity Are We Ready in Latin America and the Caribbean?’ jointly published earlier this year by the Organisation of American States (OAS) and the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB). It makes clear that almost all countries in the region have no overall strategy, few relevant laws and no genuine capacity to respond to a cyber-attack. It suggests that the only country in the anglophone Caribbean that is well prepared is Trinidad, with Jamaica not far behind.  It notes that while Antigua, The Bahamas, Dominica, Haiti, and Suriname, are “in the process of articulating a potential strategy”, there is no indication when they will have in place the essential components. As for the rest of Caricom, the report suggests that evidence of progress is scant. In the Hispanic Caribbean, surprisingly, even the Dominican Republic which is heavily dependent on connectivity, was deemed to be poorly prepared. In contrast, although not covered by the study, Cuba is well equipped. Having established the Universidad de las Ciencias Informáticas (UCI) in 2002, it now has some 14,000 graduates working in all areas of government and enterprise, and is consequently understood to have advanced cyber defence measures in place. Unfortunately, there is a view in parts of the region that the Caribbean is somehow immune or unlikely to be of interest to cyber criminals. However, one only has to consider the enormous sums of money transferred regularly through the region’s offshore financial centres, the commercially sensitive documents held in registries and lawyer’s offices, matters of national security and criminality that all governments regularly engage with, the expansion of citizenship programmes, and the millions of daily commercial banking transactions, to immediately see the dangers cybercrime poses to small nations. The Caribbean and Latin America have a small window in which to develop strong and integrated cybersecurity networks before attackers begin seriously to explore and infiltrate what is still a largely undefended region. As The Cipher Report puts it: “The question is whether governments have the political will, private industry is open to working with the public sector, and citizens start taking responsibility for their own cyber security.” Previous columns be found at www.caribbean-council.org Share on Facebook Tweet This More in Features, The View From Europe Report of the Commission of Inquiry into the Public Service Hosororo Guyana: Oil and its break-even price Guyanese making waves A growing economic curiosity Nutrition for women President Trump! Experimental forms of theatre seen in drama festival preliminaries Comments About these commentsThe comments section is intended to provide a forum for reasoned and reasonable debate on the newspaper's content and is an extension of the newspaper and what it has become well known for over its history: accuracy, balance and fairness. We reserve the right to edit or delete comments which contain attacks on other users, slander, coarse language and profanity, and gratuitous and incendiary references to race and ethnicity. Today's Frontpage » Get the day's headlines from SN in your inbox every morning: Most Read This Week ‘I have nothing to say’ -‘Pope’ London mum on sex scandal US$20m Mandela Avenue hotel, mall taking shape Controversy swirls around church leader after video surfaces No crime committed in ‘Pope’ London’s sex tapes, attorney says `Pope’ London asks congregation for forgiveness Gov’t says has received credible info on potential domestic security threat Ramjattan seeking advice over police promotions row Cop charged with defrauding man she met on Facebook Recommended For You Stabroek Classifieds » Real Estate D’S REALTY & CONSULTANCY: John Street HOUSE and land 151 D’Urban Backlands SOUTH Ruimveldt Park, 3-bedroom 2-STOREY house Place Your AD Here Cars ONE white Toyota RAV4 ONE AE 110 XE sprinter MINI Backhoe Terramite T5C-$2.5M 2003 Honda Fit ONE Nissan X-trail, PMM series Place Your AD Here Jobs FOR male factory workers LIVE-IN, live-out domestic/ babysitter CASHIER to work in restaurant ONE female staff to work SALESGIRLS to work at store on Regent Street Place Your AD Here More Classifieds Real Estate Auto Hotels & Accommodation Services For Sale Jobs Featured Photos » Proceed with caution! Picturesque Where there’s smoke GALLERY: Scenes from last evening’s Courts Christmas Light Up along Main Street, Georgetown. Carnegie graduation GALLERY: Annandale Secondary wins JOF Haynes debating contest Nursing tutors trained on new classroom teaching methods GALLERY: Fifteen to benefit from free eye surgeries follow sn subscribers Log In Subscribe Now Help & Info ePaper Edition iPhone/iPad App Contact Us Archives Advertise Comments Conditions Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 Stabroek News. Partner Links:  Barbados Nation · Jamaica Gleaner · Trinidad Express
