₦airaland Forum Welcome, Guest: Join Nairaland / LOGIN! / Trending / Recent / New Stats: 1,779,239 members, 3,465,526 topics. Date: Saturday, 08 April 2017 at 08:08 AM Top 10 Tips On How To Increase Your Adsense Page CTR (click-through-rate) - Webmasters - Nairaland Nairaland Forum / Science/Technology / Webmasters / Top 10 Tips On How To Increase Your Adsense Page CTR (click-through-rate) (729 Views) (1) (2) (3) (4) (0) (Reply) (Go Down) Top 10 Tips On How To Increase Your Adsense Page CTR (click-through-rate) by mokoshalb(m): 6:35am Google AdSense CTR means the number of ad clicks divided by the number of page views. i.e CTR = ad clicks/page views If you want to increase AdSense CTR in order to make some nice dollars from AdSense, I will give some sure-fire tips that should help make that extra buck for your blog or website. 10 Tips that can help improve AdSense Page CTR (Click Through Rate) I am sharing my own knowledge as well as knowledge of some of my colleagues who gained by following these smart approach. Placement of Ads: Google AdSense ads are best to customize and blend with your site's layout. They have custom sizes and responsive ad units to make your blog look better with ads even on a mobile device. According to the heat map given by Google itself, the best places to display AdSense ads for high CTR are near the content. Placing an ad just above your primary content section can show the best results. Google also suggests ad placements near to the top and top left sections to get maximum clicks. Placing an ad at the bottom of the post can also work on your favor. Top 10 Tips On How To Increase Your AdSense Page CTR (Click-Through-Rate) The image above shows the best places to show AdSense ads as per Google, the deep the orange color the better the CTR. While placing an ad in the areas marked as light orange and yellow will have adverse effects on your earnings. AdSense link units after the topic or post title or just after the menu bar also will surprisingly increase your AdSense CTR too, give it a shot. Ad Size: According to the norms, the bigger the ad size, the higher the earnings. While we can never say what size of AdSense pays more or gets more clicks, placing a skyscraper image to the left of forums or to the right sidebar, above the fold is better. Google also suggests using of responsive ads to cater to your mobile audiences. Though Google supports multiple customization on your ad sizes, I would say do not go for more offbeat ad sizes. It is so because those ads are not always bided on Google by publishers. So sometimes they might display nothing when the inventory of AdSense is empty thereby leaving you with no earnings. See your site with your visitor's eyes: What usually happens is we decide the placement and size of AdSense ads on the backend and then hope for all good to happen. We rarely experiment on how our visitors are treating our ad placement and ad sizes. I am always in favor of doing something with proper testing. We cannot just load the upper fold of our blogs with ads in order to get some dollars. I suggest you to have some analytics performed to see how visitors are interacting on your site. Here are some of the tools and services for tracking visitor actions on your blog. Free services like WordPress plugins (hotspots, heatmaps) and SumoMe. Google Analytics and Clicky. CrazyEgg (premium): This lets you know much more than just clicked points. You can get an idea where your readers scroll up to in a post and where the readers land from, on your blog. It also tracks visitors from what referral source click the most so that you can focus on them. It is much more advanced system of site tracking. With any of those tools, am sure you are gonna get the green snake beneath the grass. Fight Ad blindness: Ad-blindness is a problem that is commonly faced by the blog readers these days. So many sites with ads on the right sidebar make your visitors immune against your sidebar. They hardly see what is there. I have tested this with SumoMe, and I did not record even a single click on my right sidebar for my most popular posts. Here are some tips to increase AdSense Page CTR by reducing ad-blindness. Use right sidebar as your default sidebar. Many blogs including now have their default sidebar placed on the left. Use different ads or change the theme once in a while. Try experimenting different ad forms and sizes. Also, remember to make your Ad blend with the current theme of your website/blog so as to make it eye pleasant. Get a Responsive Blog/Website: Having a responsive website theme, like genesis, sahifa, porto e.t.c gets your site optimized for your mobile readers. Not only these layouts make your site user friendly, but also they make sure AdSense ads are displayed (and correctly) to your mobile visitors. And more ads is definitely proportional to more CTR. Reduce bounce rates: Bounce rates are always harmful to your blog. The longer a reader stays on your blog, the more engaging your content is considered. If you can lower your bounce rates visitors will now be visiting more than one page on your blog. That means more chances to get them click on your ads. Here is an article to help you reduce bounce rates. Blend your ads according to your blog: When creating a new AdSense ad for your blog, Google gives you an option to alter the theme and font of the ad unit. While I would say the default is good, you should not hesitate to experiment on what works and what not. Skim through some basic tips: Blend text and link ads according to your site's theme and font. Do not blend visual ads to make them look weird in an attempt to fighting ad-blindness. Maintain professional looks of the ad units; don't try to make an ad appear not as an Ad. Optimize your content: Content too has so much say in AdSense CTR. You can have noticeable uplift in your CTR with content optimization. Write quality content: Whenever you write an article, write quality stuff and give relevant examples. In case ads are placed around this part can take keywords from your examples and display a relevant ad, tempting to be clicked. Stay away from thin content: Having 3 display ad units on post of 400-500 words is nothing but utter foolishness. This will drive your readers crazy and they can just leave your site for ever. Write at least posts of reasonable length with all media (images or embedded videos) to bring freshness to your blog. This will reduce bounce rate = more CTR. This will also reduce ad blindness = more CTR. Avoid Black-Hat Tricks: Google is very stringent on its ad policies. It can totally ban your AdSense account for trying improper or black hat tricks. Or even ban your domain for ever so that you cannot use AdSense on that domain. Here are some of the basic DON'TS for Google AdSense. Do not use floating AdSense ads. Do not use ads on pop ups on your blog. Do not place Ads near multimedia in your post, so as to mislead your audience into thinking that the ad is a part of your post. Do not use any call to action or click requests to boost AdSense CTR. Experiment your way to success: You can experiment till your mind's content when using AdSense from Google. These experiments will let you know the right and perfect AdSense ads spot and size for your blog. You will gradually know what ads and ad types are getting more CTR and then can make use of it to earn even more. Try experimenting with ad sizes and fonts. Its not that a popular blog says skyscrapers are good so they will work for you too. In fact you can also have experiment for ad size. Try using different colors to blend your ads in your theme or make them stand out. For customizations, sky is the limit. Over to you These are some of the tips and tricks to boost AdSense earnings. You can customize more and look for what AdSense ads have the highest CTR. What are your tips to increase AdSense CTR? Do let us know in the comments section. cc: seun lalasticlala Source: http://www.mokoshalb.com/2016/06/top-10-tips-on-how-to-increase-your.html Re: Top 10 Tips On How To Increase Your Adsense Page CTR (click-through-rate) by clickbnkgod: 6:53am Ftc sha! Nice info. Thanks op for sharing Re: Top 10 Tips On How To Increase Your Adsense Page CTR (click-through-rate) by fridayokoli: 6:56am I love dis posts, i must share it to all my friends, even on facebook....... thanks. Mokosh.... For more, Visit=> http://yoloaded.com Re: Top 10 Tips On How To Increase Your Adsense Page CTR (click-through-rate) by sakalisis(m): 6:56am Ok Re: Top 10 Tips On How To Increase Your Adsense Page CTR (click-through-rate) by dbynonetwork: 6:57am I don't even know what to type because I am still sleeping... Re: Top 10 Tips On How To Increase Your Adsense Page CTR (click-through-rate) by Nuelton(m): 6:58am Good stuff! Re: Top 10 Tips On How To Increase Your Adsense Page CTR (click-through-rate) by Eimc: 7:08am A well written post quite informative. Can you recommend the best seo tool for link building? Re: Top 10 Tips On How To Increase Your Adsense Page CTR (click-through-rate) by tstx(m): 7:36am we have heard Re: Top 10 Tips On How To Increase Your Adsense Page CTR (click-through-rate) by Rextayne: 7:38am Ok This apparently are best top notch streaming apps, that you can use to stream and download latest movies, music videos e.t.c, i've made it easy for you by compiling the best of the best, You can download them below. http://techfizzout.blogspot.is/2015/09/top-5-android-streaming-apps.html?m=1 (0) (Reply) Get Free Web Advice / Review My Site / Please Who Has The Latest Dreamweaver Viewing this topic: octoroon, CHIZZNEWS and 4 guest(s) (Go Up) Sections: politics (1) business autos (1) jobs (1) career education (1) romance computers phones travel sports fashion health religion celebs tv-movies music-radio literature webmasters programming techmarket Links: (0) (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) Nairaland - Copyright © 2005 - 2017 Oluwaseun Osewa. All rights reserved. See How To Advertise. 9 Disclaimer: Every Nairaland member is solely responsible for anything that he/she posts or uploads on Nairaland.
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Google hires Vive and Oculus app developer for its VR team 1 hour ago Early Redstone 3 concept animations released 1 hour ago Images of Samsung's refurbished Galaxy Note7 appear online, packs smaller 3,200mAh battery 2 hours ago OnePlus ignores the cries of its customers wanting Nougat on the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X 2 hours ago View all recent news Early Redstone 3 concept animations released 1 hour ago 'Cortana speaker' may be Microsoft's answer to Amazon's Alexa and its supported devices 6 hours ago Blu-ray bitstream pass-through now live on Xbox One 11 hours ago Here are the fixes, improvements, and known issues in Windows 10 for PCs build 16170 13 hours ago View all Microsoft news Google hires Vive and Oculus app developer for its VR team 1 hour ago Verizon's Pixel phones are getting their own build of Android 7.1.2 Nougat 10 hours ago Android Wear 2.0 is now available for the LG G Watch R and first-gen LG Watch Urbane 11 hours ago Google updates Daydream, allows users to check controller battery life just by looking at it 13 hours ago View all Google news Apple Music for Android revamped with new design and more Apr 7, 2017 JD Power: Microsoft Surface beats Apple tablets, "sets the bar for customer satisfaction" Apr 6, 2017 Apple's Boot Camp doesn't support clean installations of the Windows 10 Creators Update Apr 6, 2017 Apple sued by ACCC for alleged misrepresentations over consumer rights and repairs Apr 6, 2017 View all Apple news qBittorrent 3.3.12 10 hours ago foobar2000 v1.3.15 10 hours ago Rufus 2.13.1081 11 hours ago AIMP 4.13.1893 11 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Logitech BRIO review: The best webcam you can buy Mar 28, 2017 Oukitel U15S review: A combination of wrong choices Mar 20, 2017 Nintendo Switch Review: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? Mar 12, 2017 ZTE Blade V8 Pro Review: A phone that attempts to deliver everything you want for under $230 Mar 7, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 Samsung's Galaxy S8 goes shark diving with T-Mobile's latest underwater unboxing Mar 30, 2017 Unboxing and application of the Spigen GLAS.tR SLIM HD screen protector for Nintendo Switch Mar 27, 2017 View all unboxings Happy Birthday: Windows 3.1 is 25 years old Apr 6, 2017 First details of Microsoft's Surface Pro 5 hint at evolution of current design 19 hours ago Android usage: Marshmallow sees its first loss; latest version of Nougat is stagnant Apr 7, 2017 OnePlus ignores the cries of its customers wanting Nougat on the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X 2 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this Complete C# Coding Bootcamp for just $41 via Neowin Deals 18 hours ago Save 95% off The 2017 Complete Java Bundle with Neowin Deals, get for just $49 Apr 6, 2017 Save 75% off a lifetime license to GlassWire Elite, get for just $49 via Neowin Deals Apr 5, 2017 Get this 8-course Complete Computer Science Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Apr 4, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Google hires Vive and Oculus app developer for its VR team By Connor Bucy Neowin LLC · 1 hour ago with 0 comments In order to bolster its VR efforts with new talent, Google has just snapped up Logan Olson, developer of virtual reality music production tool SoundStage. Olson's hire is the latest hint at Google's interest in virtual reality as a tool for creative work. “We’re excited to welcome Logan to the Google VR team,” a Google spokesperson told The Verge regarding the hire. “As a leader in thinking about creating in VR with his app SoundStage, we’re really inspired by what he’s built and for the potential for VR and creativity.“ SoundStage launched on Steam last month, coming out of Early Access with a 1.0 release that also marked the end of its development. The app allows users to operate a music studio in virtual space using the HTC Vive headset and controllers. The app has also since been made available for Oculus Rift. While Olson joining Google seems to confirm SoundStage has reached the end of its growth, Google says it plans to build on what Olson has learned for upcoming and existing products. However, Olson's hire isn't the first show of Google's interest in the creative possibilities of VR. The company also acquired the team behind the app Tilt Brush back in 2015. Google's Daydream VR platform launched along with its Pixel and Pixel VR phones last year. While news has been mostly quiet regarding the platform, Google did release a small update for the app on Friday. Source: The Verge Tags Google Daydream vr Soundstage Htc vive Oculus rift Logan olson Virtual reality Vr Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story Early Redstone 3 concept animations released Community Activity Refresh Happy Birthday: Windows 3.1 is 25 years old in Front Page News The Big Wrestling Thread! in The Sporting Arena Question for persons who do not live in US, what type of local food do you like that might someone in the US may not? in General Discussion Early Redstone 3 concept animations released in Front Page News 'Cortana speaker' may be Microsoft's answer to Amazon's Alexa and its supported devices in Front Page News The Problems of living in Texas in Real World Issues Strange behavior in the last few days... in Site & Forum Issues Images of Samsung's refurbished Galaxy Note7 appear online, packs smaller 3,200mAh battery in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Happy Birthday: Windows 3.1 is 25 years old Apr 6, 2017 with 34 comments First details of Microsoft's Surface Pro 5 hint at evolution of current design 19 hours ago with 34 comments Android usage: Marshmallow sees its first loss; latest version of Nougat is stagnant Apr 7, 2017 with 9 comments OnePlus ignores the cries of its customers wanting Nougat on the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X 2 hours ago with 0 comments Related Stories Google updates Daydream, allows users to check controller battery life just by looking at it 13 hours ago Google's Daydream isn't yet compatible with the Galaxy S8 and S8+ Apr 3, 2017 Batman: Arkham VR glides its way to PC as PlayStation VR exclusivity ends Apr 3, 2017 Oculus co-founder Palmer Luckey parts ways with Facebook Apr 1, 2017 deals TigerVPN: Lifetime Subscription $780.00 $29.00 96% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Private Internet Access VPN: 2-Yr Subscription $166.00 $59.95 64% off Pay What You Want: Ashampoo Best Selling Software Bundle $429.92 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Xbox Project Scorpio: Key specs of the "most powerful console ever" project scorpio Transparent tiles coming to Start menu with Windows 10 Redstone 3 update transparent live tiles You can now install Creators Update using Microsoft's Update Assistant creators update Microsoft reveals the data it's collecting from Windows 10 devices windows 10 video HP EliteBook x360 G2: Unboxing and first impressions hp elitebook x360 Happy Birthday! Windows 3.1x turned 25 years old on April 6 windows VIDEO HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display: Unboxing and first impressions hp spectre x360 Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update won't be coming to all Windows phones windows phone Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
null
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Uber fires back at Google spinoff in self-driving car case Uber fires back at Google spinoff in self-driving car case Waymo filed suit against Uber in February, claiming that a former manager, Anthony Levandowski, stole its patented ideas. By: AP | San Francisco | Published:April 8, 2017 9:53 am Uber is now presenting evidence that it began working on technology dramatically different from Waymo’s more than a year before buying Otto. Uber is scoffing at claims that its expansion into self-driving cars hinges on trade secrets stolen from a Google spinoff, arguing that its ride-hailing service has been working on potentially superior technology. The legal defense, presented in documents filed Friday in San Francisco federal court, marks Uber’s first detailed response to explosive allegations that its self-driving cars rely on crucial technology designed by Waymo. That company was created from an autonomous-vehicle project started at Google eight years ago. Once a Google ally, Uber emerged as a rival in the self-driving car market in early 2015 when it began developing its own fleet of autonomous vehicles. Now, Waymo is trying to thwart that effort by persuading US District Judge William Alsup to block Uber’s self-car driving expansion on the grounds that it hinges on a high-tech heist. The case’s outcome could alter the race to build self-driving cars that may transform transportation, reduce traffic deaths and launch a huge new industry. LASER FOCUS Waymo filed suit against Uber in February, claiming that a former manager, Anthony Levandowski, stole its patented ideas. After the alleged theft, Levandowski left Google early last year to found a self-driving car startup called Otto that Uber bought for $680 million last August. But Uber is now presenting evidence that it began working on technology dramatically different from Waymo’s more than a year before buying Otto. The dispute centers on a pivotal part of self-driving cars called LiDAR, an array of laser-based sensors that enable self-driving cars to see what’s around them so they can safely navigate roads. Waymo filed suit against Uber in February, claiming that a former manager, Anthony Levandowski, stole its patented ideas. In sworn declarations and diagrams, Uber argued that its engineers are working on a more sophisticated form of LiDAR than Waymo’s. Among other things, Uber says its LiDAR uses four lenses for transmitting and receiving laser lights as opposed to the single lens in Waymo’s version. “Waymo could not be more wrong, and Uber’s design could not be more different,” Uber’s lawyers wrote in their rebuttal to the allegations. “And no wonder — Uber’s LiDAR was developed by a different team, using a different beam pattern, and leveraging different know-how.” WEIGHT OF EVIDENCE What’s more, Uber says its custom-designed LiDAR system hasn’t even been installed on the self-driving cars that it has been testing in Pittsburgh, Arizona and San Francisco. Instead, the company says it has been relying on LiDAR systems built by other vendors. Much of the information contained in Friday’s filing was redacted to protect confidential business plans and secret technology. Once a Google ally, Uber emerged as a rival in the self-driving car market in early 2015 when it began developing its own fleet of autonomous vehicles. Uber may have its work cut out to sway Alsup, who has said in previous court hearings that Waymo has presented some of the strongest evidence he has seen in his judicial career. A hearing on Waymo’s request for an injunction against Uber is scheduled for May 3. Although Waymo isn’t suing him in this case, Levandowski will play a central role in how the lawsuit unfolds. Levandowski helped establish Google as an early leader in self-driving cars, earning him more than $120 million in incentive pay, according to information inadvertently revealed in court papers earlier this week. Before Levandowski defected from Google early last year start Otto, Waymo alleges he downloaded more than 14,000 documents containing trade secrets that is now helping Uber. After buying Otto, Uber put Levandowski in charge of Uber’s self-driving project, a job that has been imperiled by this lawsuit. Alsup has warned that he may issue an order barring Levandowski from involvement in Uber’s self-driving car division if he sides with Waymo. Uber says it hasn’t found any evidence of ever possessing any of the files that Levandowski stands accused of stealing. Levandowski, meanwhile, has asserted his Fifth Amendment rights to protect himself if criminal charges are filed against him. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Google Uber Best of Express Indian shot dead by miscreants in Washington, Sushma Swaraj says following up with police Entertainment64th National Film Awards: Akshay Kumar wins best actor for Rustom, best Hindi film is Neerja EntertainmentAkshay Kumar's National Award win: Why are people questioning Akshay's win, says Priyadarshan EntertainmentVinod Khanna is stable and getting better, says hospital after pic of actor goes viral EntertainmentDespite Pink winning a National Award, Amitabh Bachchan is gloomy. Why did he write such a sensitive note on Twitter? Must Read SportsSteve Smith: The Ghost who walks SportsRecord Friday opening: Mountain turned molehill SportsThe day of an unknown Indian TechnologyGoogle Android Nougat now running on nearly 5 per cent devices TechnologyBig asteroid to fly 'very close' to Earth in mid-April: NASA TechnologySamsung expected to sell over 40 million Galaxy S8 units LifestylePriyanka Chopra or Deepika Padukone: Who stole the show in the white lace attire? Apr 08: Latest News Charred body recovered from Thane WATCH: New Zealand woman comes in front of a train; escapes death by a whisker Microsoft Windows 10 Creators Update with new privacy tools to roll out from April 11 Patience the key for Masters rookie Thomas Pieters Priyanka Chopra gets nostalgic, misses her father after her debut production Ventilator wins three National Awards                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/googles-latest-foe-the-u-s-government-1491604361 Hot Stocks Google’s Latest Foe: The U.S. Government The Department of Labor accused the ad giant of paying women less than men in a courtroom on Friday. By Avi Salzman April 7, 2017 6:32 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Google was accused by a government official of paying men more than women. Photo: Google Google’s motto used to be “Don’t be evil.” But recent controversies have made it harder for the ad giant to claim the moral high ground. Advertisers have recently gotten upset because Google was putting their ads alongside hateful content on YouTube. And now the company is being accused of discriminating against women. More from Barron’s Next Uh-Oh Google, Amazon’s Growing Its Ad Business Why Some Advertisers Are Walking Out on Google An Apple Analyst Goes Searching for the Next Big Thing Google, part of the Alphabet corporation, has systematically paid its female employees less than its male employees, a Department of Labor manager said in court on Friday, according to the Guardian. “We found systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce,” Janette Wipper, a DoL regional director, testified in a San Francisco court, according to the newspaper. Disparities in pay are nothing new in Silicon Valley -- or all of America, really -- but this case was “very significant,” an anonymous DoL official told the Guardian. Google vehemently denied disparities in a statement, calling the charges “unfounded” and saying the government hasn’t provided any data to back up its claim. In fact, just this week, Google said it had “closed the gender pay gap globally.” A battle with the government could be costly. Google has faced substantial government regulation in Europe, but has mostly been able to avoid the same scrutiny in the U.S. because of its positive reputation. A battle over pay gaps, however, could begin to erode that good will. Big Picture: Google is in hot water with the federal government, after an agency official said in court that the company discriminates against women. Text Size Regular Medium Large Avi Salzman avi.salzman@barrons.com • @avibarrons Most Popular iPad or Surface? Consumers Make Surprising Choice Is the Time Finally Right for Wearable Tech? Why Chipotle’s CEO Needs the Stock to Rise 45% Apple Clips Review: The Best and Worst of Apple Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Barrons Next Hot Stocks For Netflix, It’s a Big World Out There For Netflix, It’s a Big World Out There Netflix’s U.S. subscriber numbers could be soft in the first quarter, but investors might not care.Netflix’s U.S. subscriber numbers could be soft in the first quarter, but investors might not care. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts The video game company is selling more digital downloads. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Apple story Test Apple story This is a test dek in QA. Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron's Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store April 8, 2017 3:08 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Contact Us Advertisement Uber fires back at Google spinoff In court papers, ride-hailing service denies it pirated self-driving technology April 7, 2017 11:51 PM By Michael Liedtke / Associated Press SAN FRANCISCO — Uber is scoffing at claims that its expansion into self-driving cars hinges on trade secrets stolen from a Google spinoff, arguing that its ride-hailing service has been working on potentially superior technology. The legal defense, presented in documents filed Friday in San Francisco federal court, marks Uber’s first detailed response to explosive allegations that its self-driving cars rely on crucial technology designed by Waymo. That company was created from an autonomous-vehicle project started at Google eight years ago. Once a Google ally, Uber emerged as a rival in the self-driving car market in early 2015 when it began developing its own fleet of autonomous vehicles. Now, Waymo is trying to thwart that effort by persuading U.S. District Judge William Alsup to block Uber’s self-car driving expansion on the grounds that it hinges on a high-tech heist. The case’s outcome could alter the race to build self-driving cars that may transform transportation, reduce traffic deaths and launch a huge new industry. Waymo filed suit against Uber in February, claiming that a former manager, Anthony Levandowski, stole its patented ideas. After the alleged theft, Mr. Levandowski left Google early last year to found a self-driving car startup called Otto that Uber bought for $680 million last August. But Uber is now presenting evidence that it began working on technology dramatically different from Waymo’s more than a year before buying Otto. The dispute centers on a pivotal part of self-driving cars called LiDAR, an array of laser-based sensors that enable self-driving cars to see what’s around them so they can safely navigate roads. In sworn declarations and diagrams, Uber argued that its engineers are working on a more sophisticated form of LiDAR than Waymo’s. Among other things, Uber says its LiDAR uses four lenses for transmitting and receiving laser lights as opposed to the single lens in Waymo’s version. “Waymo could not be more wrong, and Uber’s design could not be more different,” Uber’s lawyers wrote in their rebuttal to the allegations. “And no wonder — Uber’s LiDAR was developed by a different team, using a different beam pattern, and leveraging different know-how.” What’s more, Uber says its custom-designed LiDAR system hasn’t even been installed on the self-driving cars that it has been testing in Pittsburgh, Arizona and San Francisco. Instead, the company says it has been relying on LiDAR systems built by other vendors. Much of the information contained in Friday’s filing was redacted to protect confidential business plans and secret technology. Uber may have its work cut out to sway Judge Alsup, who has said in previous court hearings that Waymo has presented some of the strongest evidence he has seen in his judicial career. A hearing on Waymo’s request for an injunction against Uber is scheduled for May 3. Although Waymo isn’t suing him in this case, Mr. Levandowski will play a central role in how the lawsuit unfolds. Mr. Levandowski helped establish Google as an early leader in self-driving cars, earning him more than $120 million in incentive pay, according to information inadvertently revealed in court papers earlier this week. Before Mr. Levandowski defected from Google early last year start Otto, Waymo alleges he downloaded more than 14,000 documents containing trade secrets that are now helping Uber. After buying Otto, Uber put Mr. Levandowski in charge of Uber’s self-driving project, a job that has been imperiled by this lawsuit. Judge Alsup has warned that he may issue an order barring Mr. Levandowski from involvement in Uber’s self-driving car division if he sides with Waymo. Uber says it hasn’t found any evidence of ever possessing any of the files that Mr. Levandowski stands accused of stealing. Mr. Levandowski, meanwhile, has asserted his Fifth Amendment rights to protect himself if criminal charges are filed against him. San Francisco - California - United States - North America Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Google’s underpayment of women is ‘systemic,’ say Feds Kristen Bellstrom, Fortune April 7, 2017 8:44 PM Tags: department of labor, gender inequality, Google, pay gap Above: Google logo Image Credit: Carlos Luna The U.S. government is charging that Google is systematically paying women less than their male counterparts. Testifying in a San Francisco court Friday, Department of Labor (DOL) regional director Janette Wipper said the government “found systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce,” according to a report in The Guardian. The charges come as part of a lawsuit the DOL filed against Google in January, seeking access to the company’s compensation data and related personnel records. As a federal contractor, Google is required to permit the government to inspect records relevant to its compliance with equal opportunity laws. The DOL alleges that Google refused to provide the required information, while the company says it turned over “hundreds of thousands” of records and that the government’s requests are “overbroad in scope, or reveal confidential data,” according to TechCrunch. In opening remarks, Lisa Barnett Sween, a Google attorney, called the DOL request a “fishing expedition that has absolutely no relevance to the compliance review.” A Google spokesperson provided Fortune with the following statement: “We vehemently disagree with Ms. Whipper’s claim. Every year, we do a comprehensive and robust analysis of pay across genders and we have found no gender pay gap. Other than making an unfounded statement which we heard for the first time in court, the DoL hasn’t provided any data, or shared its methodology.” The accusations come after Google’s Tuesday announcement on Equal Pay Day that it has “closed the gender pay gap globally.” Let’s make every day #EqualPayDay. All employers can take steps to eliminate the gender and race pay gaps, today → https://t.co/KTuGTJMV16 pic.twitter.com/rBciSK21uF — Google (@Google) April 4, 2017 The company also said that it’s “sharing some of the lessons we’ve learned to help other businesses close the gap.” As noted by The Guardian, this isn’t the first time the government has sued a large tech company over employment and pay issues. In January, the DOL sued Oracle over alleged pay discrimination against female and minority employees. This story originally appeared on Fortune.com. Copyright 2017 ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 42 Plus 1 on G+ 67 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares163 Applications Google News Reviews Videos The expansion of services like Netflix and Hulu has led to fewer people subscribing to traditional cable. Still, there are some things you can't get with those streaming services, most notably live TV feeds. That's what Google aims to offer with YouTube TV. Google announced the service a few months ago, and it went live in a handful of cities yesterday. I haven't had a cable subscription in years, so I was anxious to try it out. YouTube TV seems like an excellent start, but there are definitely some pain points. The Basics YouTube TV is currently only available in Chicago, Los Angeles, New York City, Philadelphia, and the San Francisco Bay Area. It will run you $35 per month and includes access to about 40 channels of live streaming TV. That includes local channels like Fox, CBS, and so on. The focus on live local channels is why the rollout is regional—Google has to get the broadcasters on board with YouTube TV in each market. There's a reasonably good selection of channels including all the locals, NatGeo, ESPN, Disney, FX, USA, SyFy, and more. There are no Viacom channels like Comedy Central or MTV, which is not unexpected. Viacom is notoriously protective of its content. There are also limited options for premium content—it's just Showtime ($11 per month) and Fox Soccer Plus ($15 per month?!). No HBO, which is a big boo. YouTube TV is available via the Android (or iOS) app, as well in your desktop web browser. There is not currently a client for Android TV, which strikes me as profoundly odd. There is, however, Chromecast support for getting the stream onto a bigger screen. Although, not everyone is cool with using their phone as a remote control all the time. You can watch live streams of all the included channels, and there's some on-demand content too. If you can't catch something live, you can set up series recordings in YouTube TV. All the content you record is saved online, and you can record as much as you want. How can it be unlimited? The recordings expire after nine months. Still, PlayStation Vue removes things after 28 days, and Sling TV limits you to 50GB of space. Living with YouTube TV I've mostly been using YouTube TV on Android, and the app is nice overall. The interface is clean, with just three tabs in the main interface and heavy use of animated thumbnails. Across the top of the app are tabs for Library, Home, and Live. The Home tab is basically a list of suggestions for things you might want to watch or record—it even shows you what's most popular right now. The "popular" live carousel at the top is the first place you'll see YouTube TV's live thumbnails. The channel previews play (no sound, thankfully) as you scroll through. It's like flipping channels on your TV. Below that are several lists of suggestions, including a few that push sports. Over in the Live tab, it's again like flipping channels. You scroll vertically through the channel list, and each one has a live thumbnail when it's selected. Sound doesn't kick in until you tap on a channel to watch it. I'm impressed with how smooth this interface runs with all the live thumbnails. The streams were noticeably jerky on the LG G6, but everything runs fine on the Mate 9 and Pixel. I'm not sure what's up with the inconsistency there, but it's usually a very snappy app. The streams are 720p for most channels, so they don't look flawless when casting to a TV (some are 1080p). No one I've showed it to thought the video (720p or 1080p) looked bad, though. Video quality is great on the device and good enough when casting to a Shield TV or a second gen Chromecast. I don't have a first gen dongle around to test anymore, but apparently the app warns you of possible performance issues there. Audio playback will continue in the background while you do other things in the app, but it stops when you leave it (the regular YouTube app has background play for Red subscribers). That's probably not a huge deal for TV, but it would still be nice to have. A floating pop-out player would be better, though. Throughout the app you'll see the "plus" button to add a series or movie to your library. Doing so will record any new instances of the content whenever it airs on TV. You can simply add anything that looks interesting to your library because the storage is unlimited. Recordings can be started after a program begins, but it won't actually be available in your library until it's over. Recordings that you've scheduled ahead of time will let you scrub back to the beginning if you want to watch live, which is a great feature to have. And yes, you can skip commercials in recorded content. The Library tab is split up into shows, movies, sports, and events. There's also a section that shows all your scheduled recordings, including those that are in progress. There's some on-demand content available in YouTube TV, which is confusingly merged with your recordings. The app doesn't really differentiate between the two when you are subscribed to a show—you just have a details page with a list of all available episodes. In addition, there are still restrictions on how many on-demand episodes are available from one rights holder to the next. You can end up with a patchwork of available streams. I should also note that some of the on-demand content has ads; mostly movies with pre-roll ads. The desktop interface is slick too.  Account management and value YouTube TV is only in a few markets right now, and that limits what you can do even if you live in one of those places. Let's say you live in Chicago. YouTube TV streams you all your local channels, lets you set recordings, and watch them at any time. If you go on a trip to Orlando where there's no YouTube TV, you can no longer access those local channels live or create new recordings. Content you've recorded is still accessible in the Library tab, and the cable channels are live. Weirder still, there are completely different restrictions if you travel to New York where there is YouTube TV. You can't see your Chicago stations live, but you can see the New York ones. However, you can't create new recordings on the local channels while in New York. The cable channel recordings work normally in this situation. There will be some other bizarre restrictions too; like no football games streamed on the phone. You have to cast them to a TV because Verizon has an exclusive with the NFL on mobile streaming. This whole situation only serves to remind us what a mess TV streaming rights have become. YouTube TV supports up to 6 accounts per subscription. They're tied to Google's family group system. You cannot set these up from the Android app, which is strange. YouTube TV invitations can only be sent from the web. That said, it works just fine once you get people added. Each user has their own settings and library of recordings. However, there's a maximum limit of three active streams per account. The value proposition here will depend on what you want out of TV. If you won't put up with missing a show here and there, YouTube TV probably won't work. The selection is better than other streaming-only services thanks to all the local channels, but you're still missing big ones like Comedy Central, MTV, HGTV, and TNT. For sports fans who have wanted to drop cable, this might finally be what lets you cut the cord. You ought to be able to see most everything with local channels, a few ESPNs, and other sports channels. If you haven't had cable for a while and Netflix is starting to get stale, YouTube TV could be just what you need. It gives you something to stream live, along with faster access to new episodes of your favorite shows. The $35 monthly cost is a bit steep for a single person, but if you've got a few family members who would use it, YouTube TV can be a very good value. I'm undecided if I'll keep YouTube TV past the one-month free trial. I already have Netflix and Hulu, and I don't watch sports. So, the added expense feels a little high. I expect Google will work to expand the channel list quickly, and YouTube TV might be an easy sell after a few additions. Tags Google hands-on Reviews streaming tv video youtube tv subscribe ... Previous Story Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger ... Next Story King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments bozzykid It doesn't seem like a great deal for sports either. Without any regional sports networks there will be a huge gap between cable and this service. Almost all major sports besides the NFL show local teams on regional sports networks. OligarchyAmbulance What networks are those? I don't really watch sports, but I know a lot of stuff around here is on Comcast Sports Net which are supported. Carson Saldanha NBA uses local networks for most regular season games with a few national broadcasts here and there. Taco Monster At least in Chicago, Bulls games are on CSN. Carson Saldanha Where I live, they use Root Sports. Raymie Humbert That's great in the markets except New York where SNY (majority owned by the Mets), YES (Fox Sports-owned) and MSG would all be necessary. Fox Sports would also be a must for expansion into quite a few additional major markets. 4Ui812 Google needs to allow us to choose our own channels. Don't need the sports and we shouldn't have to pay for over the air channels. I know it's still new and maybe somewhere down the line they'll do it but they could atleast have a option for not taking half of these shit channels so they can bring the price down. Jacob Fulbright So if you are one of the people who spoofed your GPS location to check this out, does it stop working once you turn the GPS spoof off and it realizes you're outside one of the regions in which the service is available? RyanWhitwam It only turns off local channel live streams. Jacob Fulbright That's what I'm mostly interested in as I don't get very good reception where I live. Strange that it wouldn't give you a choice of watching what's local to your current location or based on your "home" location. Darrin Lim I'm interested in Google's revenue model for this. Does it look like they are relying on subscriptions only, or are they also placing ads (either pre-roll or replacing network commercials) into the service as well? Or perhaps trying to drive users to standard YouTube vids (where they can do their normal ad placements) in the interface? Jacob Fulbright I was hoping this would have a tie in with major YouTube creators in some way. Good Mythical Morning, etc. Willie Chalmers III I'm sure this will be big media-oriented. YouTube is already for the PewDiePies, Good Mythical Mornings and the rest. cheeto0 The only place I see ads are in on demand. Darrin Lim Thanks @cheeto0:disqus This makes sense - with Live there's limited opportunity for pre-rolls as the user wants into the content as soon as possible so they don't miss anything. But with on-demand there's less time pressure, so they can put a pre-roll or two in. It does answer the question - both subscription and ad rev streams - I'm guessing YouTube could generate quite a lot from pre (and post?)-rolls against on-demand content. Do network ads remain in on-demand? Or are they replaced by YT ads or stripped completely? thespacecowboy Network ads are only on shows you've recorded yourself. Google ads are on the on-demand stuff, Shawn Spring I was hoping for a tie in with YouTube Red users, for maybe a modest monthly discount. No such luck. BhupSinghBhadu Baf Get some rest Carson Saldanha Man, no TNT for NBA basketball sucks dizel123 Man, no TNT! For NBA basketball sucks. Carson Saldanha ?` Shawn Spring I'm hoping this and Nick Jr (for the kiddos) comes sooner rather than later! freshprince_87 I hope they add it soon Lateef Alabi-Oki I think the nailed the user interface. Can't wait for the Google Assistant and Android TV integration. Carson Saldanha Home tab should be on the left :P Ammy <-«¬­}­If you're seeking for genuine internet home based business venture however frustrated from internet frauds in that case this is certainly what you need. I started out working on this work two yrs and getting paid $7000 or over every mnth quite easily. You can also make cash same as me... Take a look at info ➤➤➤­­­­­ ­­­http://goto.cool/7t­­­ Virginiakcoble Google is paying $97 per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !wr198c: On monday I got a great new mclaren f1 from having earned $12778 this last four weeks.. 3 to 5 hours of work a day... Weekly paychecks... Bonus opportunities...Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !wr198c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs198ExpressBlue/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr198u:....... Tucker Sferro $35 is outrageous. You might as well jest get cable. Jacob Fulbright After you add in YouTube Red, Netflix, Hulu (or the ad-free premium Hulu), HBO GO, etc., yeah, cable isn't looking so bad anymore. Lateef Alabi-Oki Cable gives you unlimited DVR? psychoace Also you can't share cable with other people either Naxx ENVY 1) some services don't allow you to share with other people and is considered a breach of contract 2) i get what he's saying, we have to have 5-6 differernt contracts to watch shows when cable covers it all not sure i like how its all going tbh, its going to end up being more expensive to have the same channels. .. just the illusion of choice BhupSinghBhadu Baf Good settings Shawn Spring Have you had a cable sub lately? I pay for a phone, small TV bundle w/DVR, and 100Mbps internet and its over $175/monthly. Even if I just had the internet alone (about $99/month) that and YouTube TV would save me quite a bit of money per year. C64 I thought 45 euro's for cable / internet / house phine was a lot over here 😮 suavemezie With YouTube TV, you will be doubling your data at least. Calculate Shawn Spring Hardwired broadband has no data cap so the amount of data I use is irrelevant - as I would likely be on WiFi when using YouTube TV at home. thespacecowboy Some people have data caps on wired internet. Shawn Spring Is that a real thing? Because I'd burn Spectrum to the ground if they tried to charge me a data cap like a Verizon style wireless plan. Chris Yeah, I want to say Cox had me capped at 100GB for the past 2-3 years. My parents had a similar cap but I just recently switched them to AT&T/DirecTV with unlimited data thespacecowboy oh yes. https://www.engadget.com/2016/09/12/netflix-calls-on-the-fcc-to-fix-unreasonable-data-caps/ Shawn Spring That's janky af Geoff Johnson Be glad you don't have Comcast, they have a 1TB cap. Malachi Jones Damn, here in the UK we have some providers offering £14.99/month internet only deals, super cheap in comparison to $99/month! Geoff Johnson What's the speed at 14.99/mo? thespacecowboy So Cox for basic channels is $80/month. HD receiver is $8.50/month. DVDR is additional $10 a month. So $35 a month? Doesn't seem to bad, but YMMV depending on what channels you really want/need. cheeto0 Plus it's like having 3 DVRs cable boxes.(6 sorta) and mobile access to it. thespacecowboy The mobile access is huge. I think the other suppliers limit what you can watch on mobile, whereas with YouTube it's baked right in to the product offering. cheeto0 I watch on 3 TV's and any mobile device, with unlimited DVR. I don't see that costing the same on cable. JDC Yeah, no. I was paying $140/month for TV (No DVR) and 25/25 internet (after 1 year at $80/month). I cut the cord and now I'm down to $50/month for just internet (100/100). YouTube TV brings me up to $85/month with "DVR" functionality, and that $35 isn't just some "introductory offer." I'm much better off than I was. wickets I'm paying 25$ just for local basic so youtube is a huge upgrade Shawn Medeiros Get a HDTV antenna. You can get those right over the air free in much of the us. thespacecowboy Yeah. We did this about 18 months ago and use a Tivo OTA with lifetime service. Shame there are not more OTA channels. I'm going to attempt cable card but its not easy (the bracket is there but not the full thing which has to be bought separately). Geoff Johnson Do you have any idea how much cable TV actually costs? Tucker Sferro yes - after cutting the cord I receive about 1 letter per week from Fios begging me to come back, with basic packages starting around $29/mo. Brock Dawkins I had sling TV when it was first released and my God it was a nightmare. Only 1 stream per account, terrible app and no dvr. I tried the month free trial of YouTube TV and I love it. The interface is awesome. The DVR works great, and the storage is awesome. Can access dvr from anywhere too. I wish I wasn't locked into a DirecTV contract for two years. Only thing it needs is a few more channels and an Android TV app. Gfame103 No Android TV app at launch was hurtful. I'm really beginning to lose faith in Google. Everything that come out of Google is half baked and then support slowly begins to die. After the fall of Google Wallet card support, the dismantling of Google+, the slow death Hangouts, and lack of Android TV/Live Channels support I can not get to vested with their products. Maybe I will try YouTube TV in a few years.... If it's​ around. R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Rip reader Bruce Wayne Calm down. Android TV will come in due time. It's a new service. It's not even available nationwide yet. Midnitte Hopefully it exists once it launches nationally, but it's really silly they dont yet have an Android *TV* app for their *TV* service. Zachary Dunn Android TV should be a key feature of their TV offering. Not having it at launch is ridiculous. Not to mention, Youtube Gaming has been out for over a year and still doesn't have Android TV support, which is odd since Android TV is a platform built for streaming and gaming. Play Music on Android TV hasn't received any features released in the last year. Everytime Google releases a tv app without Android TV support, ppl say just wait for it, but it never happens or is half assed. KChristainsen you would think this is a no brainier to have an app for ATV. Just ridiculous. YaKillaCJ YouTube Red, Netflix and PSVue is currently the way to go as it covers everything except Viacom. Seems like YouTubeTV can be a replacement wants it mature. I'm dropping Hulu because that's covered by PSVue and HBO because honestly Game Of Thrones the only thing worth it in there Besides Sesame Street for the kids. thespacecowboy "For the kids". I love that show. Now, as for Daniel Tiger on PBS. That kid speaks the truth. Scott Kart Until Comedy Central, TBS, TNT, and SNY/MSG are on here...I'm out. thespacecowboy Don't lie. You're holding out for HGTV :) psychoace At least he has e! Corbin Davenport Tiny House Hunters deserves an Emmy. Taco Monster Sheer genius. thespacecowboy If you like that, check out George Clark's Amazing Spaces. It's on UK Channel 4 but likely available elsewhere. http://www.channel4.com/programmes/george-clarkes-amazing-spaces cheeto0 The interface is great and the discovery is great. But it still feels a little beta in some areas. I can cast to Chromecast and the Nvidia shield but not to my Vizio TV with "chromecast built-in​ '. Also it doesn't like multiwindow in nougat...Plus no android tv app. But most google 1.0 products feel a little beta and then get reiterated upon. Overall I like it alot so far. King_Android I've been able to stream in 1080p. The interface also needs to show what's playing next. Not having the ability to quickly view what's next on a different channel is cumbersome. psychoace Not all channels or content is 1080p which is why the author thinks that Artem Russakovskii You're right, some channels do support 1080p. We'll update the post. John Doe True but not all channels and when comparing it to my TV service the quality is not the same on my 2nd generation chromecast compared to my Dish Network service. Youtube is probably using some lame video compression or the networks are whoever it is it sucks. newtonfb For people bitching about $35....split it with 3 friends and it comes out to $12 a month. Also you can get rid of Hulu because you have unlimited DVR so it acts like Hulu does and records the show you want. tim242 But...ads. Hulu with no ads = $12/mo. newtonfb Ya but you can fast forward past the ads with the DVR feature thespacecowboy Only on things you recorded yourself, not on demand. Geoff Johnson Hulu doesn't have live TV. tim242 We were not talking about live TV. AlRegals The price tag is a little high for a single user, but the experience really does make me want to cancel Hulu. My biggest gripe with Hulu is the unreliability with cable tv shows. But if I can have easy access to my Syfy, USA, CW, Freeform, and Bravo along with not having to sign up for CBS Access to watch Big Bang then I'M IN. Plus Live TV?! I just need Android TV and Google Home support and this will be the perfect set up. Ramon Also note, there is NO 5.1 surround support on YouTube TV. DirkBelig Well that blows. Ramon Very. The only one that came close to this support is DirectTV Now. John Doe Everything is great except the Youtube ads on-demand content and the resolution on most channels (watching on the web is worse than mobile and on tv). If Google can get Viacom and Turner Broadcasting channels, keep the price the same and "encourage" networks to upgrade to 1080P and 4K streams (at least have the on-demand in full HD), support HDR as well. Then the service will be perfect. Also, Where is the gaming console apps and other home entertainment devices? I wish they would have just updated the regular Youtube app. Now I have 4 youtube apps: Youtube Youtube TV Youtube Music Youtube Gaming Youtube kids They can easily tie all of that with the account instead of having 5 different apps Just have a section popup if a user is subscribed to a service. Bruce Wayne 4k and HDR?? Stop. 4k content isn't even produced on most TV channels and you're jumping to HDR. ISPs are already putting caps, charging for overages and charging extra for non bundled internet service. The bandwidth needed for 4k on one stream alone would strain most people's connections. Geoff Johnson Then stream the 1080p version John Doe Hi, have you meet Netflix? Also, there is the choice I am not saying Google should force everyone's stream to the highest resolution (They don't even do that now, there is auto select). FYI, HDR has nothing to do with 4K and it actually does not add much to a the bandwidth requirement (Netflix said it adds 2.5MB/s compared to 12MB/s for 4K) Lars Jeppesen Do the channels even broadcast in 1080p or 4K? Box Most slim bundles and IPTV setups are only available in 720p at this time. YouTube TV is not alone in this. John Doe Most do in 1080i and I only have one 4K channel through Dish Network. TechGuy22 Mediocre start AlRegals Not sure how consist this is, but while watching Big Bang Theory on the desktop there I only got 3 15sec ads between segments. Switched over to my TV via Chromecast and the TV ads increased to 7 15sec ads. Just an observation bobinchicago Are "all local channels" just the 5 commercial networks, or do you also get independent channels, PBS, and subchannels? I've got 30 channels on my OTA Tivo and I've filtered a bunch out. There's 7 PBS channels alone. Also, you mention there's no Android TV app yet which sucks, but since the Nexus Player can act as a Chromecast, can you cast YouTube TV to that in particular? Thanks! PhantomGamers For sure you'll only get the channels that Google has agreements with, I doubt they're just grabbing up every OTA signal and streaming that. thespacecowboy It's going to depend on market. But I have many PBS on my Tivo, but none on my Youtube TV. Any device that has Chromecast should work. Some at the moment don't seem to work though (such as some Vizio TVs). After you pay for your 2nd month (after trial) they will send you a free Chromecast anyway. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I need AMC before I jump ship from PSV ...and it to be in my market NoNotTellingYou AMC is on the way according to Google. Mike Arnett If it recommends channels, will it recommend sports events based on teams you track on Google Assistant? Bruce Wayne That's a very good question. I'm sure Google will eventually learn how to tie in the service based on your search history and all that. hp-fourtwenty no, you have the option to record all games of any team you select, which also adds it as a recommendation when you log in. SpiderDice No YouTube TV for Android TV? Totally makes sense.. ast00 Costs about 5 times as much as it should. Lars Jeppesen No hp-fourtwenty 50 live channels, and this is the first time I've been able to watch a New York Rangers game online without needing a traditional cable package or watching a pirated stream. I'm happy to pay only $35...especially since I already pay $10 for GPMAA/red thespacecowboy Isn't GPMAA on top of the $35? DragoCubed I really like the design of this app. I won't say anything else because I'm not in the US. Bruce Wayne Device support is very key. It needs to support all the major devices and consoles (Xbox One, PS4, Roku, Fire devices, Android TV etc) Expand to five simultaneous streams. Acquire more channels. Lars Jeppesen People still watch MTV? Geoff Johnson Of course... Dirty Dave http://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_youtube-tv2-768x432.jpg Im in the UK so this article is pointless for me, but what keyboard is this though Ryan? Ryan Definitely interesting. Ill hold off until college ball is back on, I only really care about OTA and ESPNs, so they have that advantage. sloheim "For sports fans who have wanted to drop cable, this might finally be what lets you cut the cord" Wrong, wrong, for the love of god, WRONG. No NHL Network, NFL Network, or MLB Network or NBA TV. Anti-sports. Box Does the "three active streams" restriction include on-demand and recordings? Ben Nicholls Not too interested unless the provide more package options, or a la carte packages. Part of the reason I cut the cord was to stop paying for channels I don't watch. I would like to see at minimum a "no sports" package. ESPN is one of the most expensive channels and I don't like paying for it in a package when I don't watch it. An AndroidTV app is also a must. BinaryTB Google's Family Group system? Sounds like it won't support Google Apps for Work for people that actually pay Google already for their own domain. Add it to the list: Google Fi Google Play Music Family Plan Google Play Apps Family Sharing DirkBelig >"There are also limited options for premium content—it's just Showtime ($11 per month) and Fox Soccer Plus ($15 per month?!). No HBO, which is a big boo." And what's preventing anyone from simply subscribing to HBO NOW or bundling Showtime or Starz for $9 with their Amazon Prime package? Anyone who would get this probably has a Netflix account and app, so I don't understand what the beef is here having to a la carte HBO other than it breaks the cable channel grid paradigm. #FirstWorldProblems thespacecowboy +ing a show also adds any on-demand shows to your library. Downside is those ones have ads, like Hulu. TV guide is frustrating. You can't easily see past the current show and the next one. EPG is weird. You can click on the channel name and then browse that actual channel, but not in a grid style. hp-fourtwenty Yes, we need a good epg severely!! Lex Lybrand It's not available on Android TV. That's a day-1 must-have. Sean McGeezer I'll wait for Cartoon Network at the very least, though it may not happen Terry Sanchez It does not have the Cooking channel and is lacking many channels. I hope this improves over time. SlingTV is still better right now. JG Is it steam only? Or can one pin content to their devices for local/offline play? Then I could​ save a recording or two to watch on my (non-driving) commute without having to worry about adding to much to my monthly bill at $10/gig. Or maybe save something for longer than the 9 month period. Google's Play Movie/TV app allows it, as does the new light weight version of YouTube being beta'd in India now. Netflix and Showtime do to... I would assume if they can do it, why not also YouTube TV? thespacecowboy No download option at the moment. Iamsecond Blah blah blah, thanks for more US-only features YouTube, glad to see you're working hard on this when you haven't even launched YouTube Red in the UK yet. Yep, thanks. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 119 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 20 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 67 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 119 queries | 0.495s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 135 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares209 Development Google News Starting on April 10th Google plans on pushing out an update to the sign-in page for Google accounts. This change is meant to further unify the sign-in process across your various devices. Although the news was posted to the G Suite Developers blog, we do fully expect this change to affect all Google accounts on all browsers, mobile browsers, and iOS apps (Android apps should not be affected). Google's SSO will also see additional changes beyond the purely cosmetic, as a new permissions grant redirect will be added to the login process, and permissions requested by a site or service will be more explicitly stated. The privacy-conscious will be excited to hear that Google is making such an effort to ensure a greater awareness on the part of users when it comes to privacy and consent in the use of third party services. Unfortunately, the permission request pane will no longer list what Google considers to be "standard" permission requests, presumably including basic account information. At least Google is making some effort to increase privacy awareness during login, even going so far as to increase the burden of responsibility for that privacy on developers by requiring contact information to be listed at a link on the permissions page. These aren't the only changes to login Google will be making. The use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe after April 20th, so if you are a developer relying on a webview redirect for OAuth to grant permissions you should consider changing to the official methods very soon before it breaks. Even some large companies like Airbnb and Pocket still haven't updated to the new methods, so it's worth taking a look. The rollout for the new sign-in is expected to be quite extended, potentially requiring more than two weeks for full visibility, so don't be surprised if you don't notice any changes to your sign-in process for a while. Most people probably won't notice much of a change beyond the cosmetic, anyway (although, our readers certainly aren't most people). Source: Google Support, G Suite Updates, G Suite Developers Blog, Medium Tags Google login Google SSO google+ sign in permissions privacy SSO subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay ... Next Story Fact Check goes global for Search and Google News results Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Trooper311 Was wondering when this was going to be rolling out. Thanks. Josh Crumley Of all the companies out there taking our personal data and using it for profit, Google is by far the least secretive about it. I'm glad they're making the permissions more detailed. Pixelexel I don't trust any company with my data other than Google. Kanoosh i don't even really trust google , but they are the least worst imo so i i go with them. :) HSidhu Google won't give your data to anyone, your Data is their power. Kanoosh never assume just because someone tells you something , that it is true.. i still hold plenty of caution with google as should everyone else.. no tin foil hats here, just reality of things... but i do hold them in higher regard for my personal data then any others , just always good to be safe. catalysto It's not just because "someone said so". It's because if Google was ever caught actually selling/releasing user data, they'd be completely screwed. Their entire business model depends on them keeping your data private. Sophia <-Everyone wants to make some extra money by part time jobs. here we are giving you the opportunity to earn extra money from home. Most of the people need a secondary income(part time jobs) to meet their financial needs. Home free jobs does share Four Methods to earn money. If you are interested, then join.!➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS vmxr you shouldn't trust any company at all all companies care about one thing Profit catalysto That is entirely untrue. Many business are not in it for the money. NooSH the only companies that are "not in it for the money" are the ones that go bankrupt and you never hear from them again.. don't ever be so naive to think a companies best interest is the consumer... it NEVER is. Portzblitz I pretty sure he/she's kidding. NooSH that's why i didn't go off with a rant instead just stuck to a more "light" reply haha.. juuuust incase. Summerer The 'keep me logged in' button will be removed and instead you will always stay logged in until you explicitly logout in a browser. Seems kinda insecure or at least intransparent for the average user Devin Rodriguez Honestly it's never been very effective for me anyway. Every few days I found myself having to re-enter my password and sometimes even my 2FA regardless of whether I checked the box or not. Rabia Atta they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Devin Rodriguez What? Indefinite Implosion they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Ryne Hager I agree, I think he was fairly clear on that point. Devin Rodriguez Oh, okay. BC This is interesting and I do like the the fact that the permissions are highlighted more than they were before. This is a good thing indeed! Bikram Agarwal ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe Thank god. I absolutely hate apps that do that for Google / Facebook / Twitter permission request. If the first party app is installed, popup permission request screen on those apps. Don't load a webview asking me to login with email, password, 2FA. I wish FB and Twitter will also do what Google is doing now. Drunk Squirrel Like how titanium backup opens a webview of Google sign in in order to backup to Google drive, as opposed to other apps which show up a single pop-up,, correct Ryne Hager Right? They've got libraries for that, why make me enter my information again on a device I'm already logged in on? Imagine all the time that could have been saved. HSidhu hello @ryne Hager aka new guy :) Ryne Hager Yo! Josh Crumley Welcome to the club! Anish Bhalerao Great, informative article. But is this Android Police or Google Police? Sure, Android is from Google, but an article about Unilever cannot (always) be an article about Dove. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 309 1 Year Ago Today Opinion: As Smartphone Innovation Slows, Google's Nexus Program Is More Important Than Ever 2016/04/08 12:29pm PDTApr 8, 2016 89 2 Years Ago Today Google Calendar 5.2 Brings Back The Month View On Phones [APK Download] 2015/04/08 12:49pm PDTApr 8, 2015 6 3 Years Ago Today Pocket Updated To Version 5.4, Includes New Languages, Immersive Mode, And More 2014/04/08 5:52pm PDTApr 8, 2014 48 4 Years Ago Today The More I Watch This Virgin Mobile Ad Luring T-Mobile Customers Away With $100, The More It Makes Sense And That Scares Me 2013/04/08 8:35pm PDTApr 8, 2013 10 5 Years Ago Today PSA: You Can Now Send CyanogenMod Builds To ROM Manager With One Click Right From The Web 2012/04/08 8:05pm PDTApr 8, 2012 2 6 Years Ago Today Samsung DROID Charge Launching April 14 At Sears, Incredible 2 To Follow On April 21 2011/04/08 5:23pm PDTApr 8, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Google Turns On Universal Suggest In Mobile Search 2010/04/08 9:34pm PDTApr 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 97 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 121 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 24 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.658s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 76° Broken Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Hundreds attend meeting for chance to air concerns with governor Posted: April 07, 2017 - 2:00 am LIHUE — Cooperation between residents and government, environmental impacts of planes and quality education were concerns voiced at a community meeting Thursday hosted by Gov. David Ige. Comments (3) Living Treasure turns 100 Posted: April 07, 2017 - 1:30 am PRINCEVILLE — Masao Tamura still volunteers with the Retired Senior Volunteer Program. Comments (0) Recent Friends, HDF dispute consent decree impact Tarey Low is charged with over 30 counts of sexual assault Kauaibots claim first technical award Program highlights literacy’s rise in Hawaii Arrests logs for Friday, April 7, 2017 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Playing ball in the Pacific Northwest Posted: April 07, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — One of Kauai’s baseball standouts will be playing ball in the Pacific Northwest. Comments (0) KIF footballers team up to take on Oahu Posted: April 07, 2017 - 1:00 am LIHUE — Several footballers in the Kauai Interscholastic Federation have teamed up to take on Oahu. Comments (0) Recent Kapaa opens Round 2 on winning note ‘Roots n’ Shoots’ at NTBG Saturday Iron Brothers Pine Trees Classic set for Saturday Kapaa volleyball boys unbeaten through 7 matches Red Raiders edge Warriors Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Births for Friday, April 7, 2017 Posted: April 07, 2017 - 12:00 am Births for Feb. 25 - March 4, 2017 Comments (0) Ohana Oasis readies retreat to once again help parents through loss of a child Posted: April 05, 2017 - 1:15 am The loss of a child hurts. Comments (0) Recent Keep your food safe! Respectful, responsible, safe and ethical Close wage gap for state’s women, families Encouraging the ‘mighty bee’ and a butterfly hula Talk Story: Kapule Kaona Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Show and Grow Posted: April 07, 2017 - 1:15 am KOLOA — An orchid that usually likes cooler temperatures sits in the far eastern corner of Al Sugano’s Koloa greenhouse; the coolest spot in the place. Comments (0) Mahalo nui loa, Tahiti Nui Posted: April 07, 2017 - 1:00 am HANALEI — From the second week I started working as a reporter at The Garden Island, my editor, Bill Buley, has told me countless times about a little tiki bar in Hanalei called Tahiti Nui. Comments (0) Recent Wedding expo at Koloa Landing ‘Island’ a better world TGIFr!day for April 7, 2017 Island Calendar for Friday, April 7, 2017 Kauai Community Players present “Savannah Sipping Society” Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home Business National and International US regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers Story Comments Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Virginia Mayo US regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers FILE - This March 23, 2010, file photo, shows the Google logo at the Google headquarters in Brussels. A government investigation into how much Google is paying its employees has uncovered a widespread pattern of shortchanging women doing similar work to men. A U.S. Department of Labor official disclosed the agency’s allegations during a Friday, April 7, 2017, court hearing in San Francisco. Google says it vehemently disagrees with charges of sex discrimination. (AP Photo/Virginia Mayo, File) Posted: Friday, April 7, 2017 3:44 pm | Updated: 4:57 pm, Fri Apr 7, 2017. US regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers Associated Press | 0 comments SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Government investigators looking into how Google pays its employees have accused the tech giant of shortchanging women doing similar work to men. A U.S. Department of Labor official disclosed the agency's allegations during a Friday court hearing in San Francisco. "We found systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce," Janette Wipper, a Labor Department regional director, testified, according to a report published by The Guardian. Google said it vehemently disagreed with the charges, which the Mountain View, California, company said it hadn't heard until Wipper's court appearance. "Every year, we do a comprehensive and robust analysis of pay across genders and we have found no gender pay gap," Google said in its statement. Google and other technology companies have been trying to improve hiring practices that have historically doled out most of their technical jobs to white and Asian men. Their efforts to strike a better balance have been mostly unsuccessful so far. For instance, only 19 percent of Google's technology jobs are held by women. Overall, nearly one-third of Google's more than 70,000 workers are women. The Labor Department's probe evolved from a lawsuit filed in January seeking to bar Google doing business with the federal government unless the company complied with an audit of its employee-compensation records. Google has said it has turned over some of the requested records, but withheld other information that it believes would invade its workers' privacy. While Google and its peers have been disclosing embarrassing sexual and racial imbalances in their workforces for the past few years, the technology industry so far has kept its compensation practices a closely guarded secret. The Labor Department is now scrutinizing Silicon Valley for patterns of pay and hiring discrimination under its powers to vet companies that bid for lucrative government contracts. Earlier this year, the Labor Department also sued Oracle, alleging that the business software maker routinely pays white male workers more than their female and non-white counterparts for comparable jobs. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business HTML: Barrels of Crude Oil Spilled in Pipeline Incidents in the US ARTICLE: Oil company finds another problem in Alaska marine pipelines US regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers Ghastly images of Syrian attack led to Trump about-face More about General News Colombia ends search for flood survivors; death toll at 314 ARTICLE: Colombia ends search for flood survivors; death toll at 314 ARTICLE: Judge drops 2 non-capital charges in 9/11 case at Guantanamo Alabama governor halts impeachment, not disparaging report Alabama governor halts impeachment, not disparaging report More about Technology US regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers Electronics retailer hhgregg is going out of business ARTICLE: Electronics retailer hhgregg is going out of business ARTICLE: Uber fires back at Google spinoff in self-driving car case Discuss Print   Posted in National and International, National on Friday, April 7, 2017 3:44 pm. Updated: 4:57 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Technology, Government And Politics, Gender Discrimination, Gender Issues, Social Issues, Social Affairs, Discrimination, Human Rights And Civil Liberties, Legal Proceedings, Law And Order, Workplace Discrimination, Labor Issues, Personnel, Corporate Legal Affairs, Corporate News, Income Disparity | Location Tags: California, United States, North America, San Francisco Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories 4th victim in fatal car crash identified Four arrested for trespassing Mayor, Wainiha residents discuss safety, arrests, kuleana land, Native Hawaiian rights Upset over Uber 4 arrested for trespassing following demonstration to protect Hawaiian burial site All Trump supporters call for Hawaii boycott after travel-ban block (71) Hawaiians claim ownership of property at iconic hotel site (36) What were voters for Trump expecting? (29) Pesticide disclosure bill nixed (23) Hawaiian occupiers says court holds no jurisdiction (23) Follow us on Facebook Promos Island Calendar for Friday, April 7, 2017 Friday, April 7 article events-calendar pause Online poll Are the rights of Native Hawaiians being properly recognized and respected on Kauai? Total Votes: 234 Yes. Most people are respectful and aware of the culture and traditions of Native Hawaiians. 95 41% No. Most people don’t know and don’t seem to care about the culture and traditions of Native Hawaiians. 116 50% Don’t know 23 10% Loading… Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Facing a Self-Driving Smackdown, Uber Opts for Damage Control subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours 🔊 A new Xbox is coming bit.ly/2o7wZ7j Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Alex Davies. Alex Davies Transportation Date of Publication: 04.07.17. 04.07.17 Time of Publication: 10:14 pm. 10:14 pm Facing a Self-Driving Smackdown, Uber Opts for Damage Control Pilot models of the Uber self-driving car is displayed at the Uber Advanced Technologies Center.Angelo Merendino/AFP/Getty Images Google’s lawsuit alleging that Uber straight-up stole its autonomous vehicle technology won’t go before a jury until October, but Uber already finds itself on dangerous ground. This week, the judge presiding over the civil case said he might just grant Google’s request for a preliminary injunction, which could force Uber to rein in or even stop testing its robocar technology testing until the case is resolved. Eager to avoid the worst, Uber issued a response designed to limit the damage. All of this started in February when Waymo, Google’s autonomous vehicle division, filed a lawsuit claiming former employee Anthony Levandowski downloaded 14,000 technical files from a company server and used the info to launch his autonomous truck startup  Otto. Uber acquired Otto a few months later and put Levandowski in charge of its autonomous vehicle program. Uber calls the suit “a baseless attempt to slow down a competitor.” Uber v. Waymo Aarian Marshall A Simple Theory for Uber’s Waymo Mess: Plain Old Sloppiness Alex Davies Google’s Lawsuit Against Uber Revolves Around Frickin’ Lasers Aarian Marshall Google Tries to Run Uber Off the Road—in Court Finding itself on the defensive, Uber fired back Friday with a laundry list of reasons why the judge should deny Waymo’s request for an injunction. The company’s lawyers claim they haven’t found any of those 14,000 documents on company computers, and they say Uber started developing its lidar system before Levandowski came aboard. And they insist Uber’s lidar unit uses a totally different design. “Waymo’s preliminary injunction motion is a misfire,” they wrote in their argument against the injunction. Still, they’ve made no effort to defend Levandowski, who is not named in the suit. The engineer retained his own counsel and has exercised his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination. For those reasons, Uber’s lawyers say, they do not know whether he stole anything from Waymo, or what might have become of any data Waymo claims went missing. “I think it’s effective in terms of what they’re trying to do,” says Courtland Reichman, a lawyer with the firm McKool Smith who works on intellectual property cases. “They’re trying to contain it and do damage control.” Damage control is an apt description here, because everything suggests the judge favors granting the injunction. “If all you can show is that you can’t find [the allegedly stolen documents] in your files, there’s going to be a preliminary injunction of some sort. It can’t be helped,” Judge William Alsup told Uber’s lawyers this week. “This is an extraordinary case. I have never seen a record this strong in 42 years. So you are up against it.” It is uncommon to see a judge so openly willing to grant an injunction before trial, but then, this entire case is uncommon. “This case is unusual because the opening evidence offered by the plaintiff was so compelling,” says Michael Brophy, a lawyer with Withers Worldwide who works on commercial litigation and IP cases. “There’s so much evidence that could only explain wrongdoing.” Related Video Uber’s Self-Driving Truck Delivers 50,000 Beers And so, if Uber’s lawyers can’t ward off the injunction, they must try to limit its reach. Waymo asked the court to bar Uber from using its lidar sensor system and any other tech it claims Uber built using stolen knowledge. Such a move would limit Uber’s ability to develop technology it deems essential to its long-term viability. And the judge may not go that far. “The court is going to want to impose the narrowest injunction that makes sense,” Brophy says. Alsup has suggested he might ban Levandowski from working on Uber’s robocar program until the case is resolved. No company wants to lose its star engineer, but that’s better than hobbling your program—or halting it altogether. Related Video Science Meet the Blind Man Who Convinced Google Its Self-Driving Car Is Finally Ready Google is getting serious about self-driving cars. So serious that it put a legally blind man in one that drove him around safely on his own. The successful trip means that the tech giant can now launch its own self-driving car company, which it’s calling Waymo. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Autonomous Vehicles google Uber Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email Autonomous Vehicles google Uber Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Email Author: Alex Davies. Alex Davies Transportation Date of Publication: 04.03.17. 04.03.17 Time of Publication: 11:30 am. 11:30 am Detroit Is Stomping Silicon Valley in the Self-Driving Car Race General Motors testing fully autonomous development fleet vehicles on public roads in Michigan.General Motors If you’re betting on Silicon Valley stars like Google, Tesla, and Uber to free you from your horrorshow commute with autonomous driving technology, don’t. That’s the key takeaway from a new report that finds Ford—yes, the Detroit-based, 113-year-old giant—is winning the race to build the self-driving car, with General Motors running a close second. Renault-Nissan, Daimler, and Volkswagen round out the top five. Meanwhile, Waymo—aka Google’s driverless car effort—sits in sixth place, with Tesla in twelfth. Uber languishes in sixteenth, behind Honda and barely ahead of startup Nutonomy and China’s Baidu. That may sound all kinds of wrong to anyone who has seen Uber, Waymo, and Tesla flaunt their tech, and regards Detroit’s old guard as ill-prepared for the robotic future. But it’s the state of the race according to Navigant Research, whose newly released “leaderboard” report ranks these players not just on their ability to make a car drive itself, but on their ability to bring that car to the mass market. “The technology is great, but unless you can build tens of thousands of cars and get people in those cars, it’s not really all that useful,” says Navigant’s Sam Abuelsamid, who wrote the report with David Alexander and Lisa Jerram. The report selected the 18 biggest companies pursuing fully driverless cars, and ranked them based on nine criteria, including tech, go-to-market strategy, production prowess, staying power, and sales, marketing, and distribution. Navigant Research Ford and GM both score in the low to mid 80s on the technology front; it’s their old-school skills that float them to first and second place. They’ve each spent more than a century developing, testing, producing, marketing, distributing, and selling cars. Plus, each has made strategic moves to bolster weak points. Ford just dumped a billion dollars into an artificial intelligence outfit. It acquired ride-sharing service Chariot and invested in Velodyne, a company producing lidar, the laser scanning tech many argue is necessary for self-driving cars. GM scooped up self-driving expertise via a startup called Cruise, and partnered with Lyft to put the eventual result on the road. Waymo, by comparison, scores top marks for technology but drags in the production strategy and sales, marketing, and distribution buckets. The company plans to work with legacy automakers to put its tech in cars, but has not yet struck any major deals. “They have almost every piece of this—except the product strategy,” says Abuelsamid. Ford fully autonomous Fusion Hybrid research vehicle on streets of Dearborn, Michigan.The Ford Motor Company Despite Uber’s high-profile self-driving pilots in Pittsburgh, Tempe, Arizona, and San Francisco, the company wallows near last place thanks to low grades for distribution, product portfolio, and staying power—and  because makes Uber makes neither cars nor money. In fact, its key strength—that it already operates a global fleet of shared vehicles—may not be enough here. “It’s a lot easier for the company that actually has the infrastructure to create vehicles to recreate what Uber’s done, than the other way around,” Abuelsamid says. The Race to Autonomy Alex Davies Nissan’s Path to Self-Driving Cars? Humans in Call Centers Jack Stewart As Self-Driving Cars Approach, the Auto Industry Races to Rebuild Alex Davies The Numbers Don’t Lie: Self-Driving Cars Are Getting Good Tesla sits in the middle. It’s strong on “vision” (that’s Elon Musk for you) and go-to-market strategy (it’s already offering semi-autonomous cars). But Navigant knocks Tesla on staying power (it’s a young player in a brutal industry), sales, marketing, and distribution (Tesla can’t operate in every state), and technology (because Musk won’t use the expensive lidar tech experts say is necessary for full autonomy). Now, this report comes with a whopper of a caveat: These are early days in a race that will unfold over years, if not decades. Every company listed could shore up its weaknesses with smart partnerships or acquisitions, and jump to the front of the pack. Ford ranked sixth in the 2015 version of this study; Uber wasn’t on it at all. “These [results] are by no means final,” Abuelsamid says. Ranking may one day change, but they serve as a reminder that it takes more than clever tech to change the world—and that muscle still matters. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Autonomous Vehicles Ford General Motors google Tesla Uber Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email Autonomous Vehicles Ford General Motors google Tesla Uber Author: Aarian Marshall. Aarian Marshall Transportation Date of Publication: 03.17.17. 03.17.17 Time of Publication: 7:39 pm. 7:39 pm A Simple Theory for Uber’s Waymo Mess: Plain Old Sloppiness Operation staff at Otto climb into the cab of a self-driving big-rig truck during a demonstration at the Otto headquarters in San Francisco. Tony Avelar/AP The allegations are spicy, the insinuations downright fiery. In a lawsuit filed last month in San Francisco, Google’s autonomous vehicle spinoff Waymo accuses former engineer Anthony Levandowski of stealing 14,000 pages of intellectual property and trade secrets, then using them to launch his robotruck startup, Otto. Just four months later, Uber acquired Otto for a reported $680 million—and that, Waymo alleges, is how the ride-hailing giant started using Google’s vital circuit board and sensor setup in its own self-driving cars. Some folks, reading between the lines of the lawsuit, see a conspiracy: Perhaps Uber directly conspired with Levandowski to steal Google’s self-driving secrets. ‘It’s so dangerous to be hiring a very knowledgeable former employee of another company and put him in a position in your company to do the same thing.’ As seductive as you may find this narrative, there may be a far simpler explanation, one grounded in Uber’s storied history of gleefully breaking rules. Let’s assume, for the sake of argument, that Waymo’s central allegation is true: Levandowski downloaded the documents, and Uber used Google smarts in its own sensor designs. If so, the mess embroiling Uber may stem not from a conspiracy among evil geniuses, but a brash disregard for standard operating procedure. Sound familiar? How to Acquire a Startup—the Smart Way If Uber followed best practices, its deep dive into Otto’s tech would have started well before it finalized the purchase. An invading team of crack technical and legal experts would have created a “data room”—sometimes physical, sometimes virtual—where they might have pawed through documents to guarantee Levandowski’s Otto was legit. “For many companies, their assets are patents or intellectual property, so there’s a lot of due diligence in reviewing those,” says Manita Rawat, a patent attorney with the law firm Duane Morris. Job number one: Ensuring the technology you’re paying bank for doesn’t actually belong to someone else. Waymo vs Uber Aarian Marshall Google Tries to Run Uber Off the Road—in Court Alex Davies Uber’s Massive Crap Pile Develops Its Own Gravity Alex Davies Google’s Lawsuit Against Uber Revolves Around Frickin’ Lasers Alex Davies Google Accuses Uber of Stealing Its Self-Driving Car Tech Easier said than done. The world of patents is wide, and it can be difficult to spot infringement or lifted trade secrets on the fly. But any Uber team looking into Otto should have been extra sensitive to the weird optics of buying a new startup for hundreds of millions just a few months after its founder left the leading self-driving outfit. “It would seem obvious to ask the question: ‘How was that technology developed and how do you give me as a buyer comfort that we’re not going to find ourselves in a dispute?'” says attorney Mark Seneca, a mergers and acquisitions specialist at the law firm Orrick. If Uber had done that—and it might have!—it should have little trouble defending itself against allegations that it stole IP. (“We will have a chance to tell our side of the story in upcoming filings and look forward to that opportunity,” an Uber spokesperson said in a statement.) Uber also ought to have done some digging on Otto’s employees. A smart firm looking to buy a company will know which workers are coming from which companies, and the potential conflicts of interest those associations could create. If you’re about to hire someone with serious know-how on tech you’re trying a crack, you want to take precautions to guarantee she doesn’t pass on any secrets—even by mistake. “It’s so dangerous to be hiring a very knowledgeable former employee of another company and put him in a position in your company to do the same thing,” says Courtland Reichman, a trial lawyer at law firm McKool Smith who litigates trade secret and patent infringement cases. How do you make sure an acqui-hire doesn’t contribute even inadvertently stolen info to your own self-driving unit? You start by making him sign a contract saying he won’t, to protect the company if something goes awry. But that alone isn’t enough to guarantee a firm won’t be found liable for infringement or theft in court. Even smarter: You create a firewall between the secret-laden employee and the team working on the tech. You instruct them to not communicate with each other. You physically or technologically deny the employee access to vital documents or servers dealing with that tech. And you document it all, in writing. “You’d want to have a record that, if you got sued, will establish that you independently created the technology,” says Reichman. It is, of course, very possible that Uber did all this meticulous work, and defending itself against Waymo’s charges will be a snap. (The dispute is ongoing, with a next hearing set for late April.) In the messy world of startups and fast-developing tech, things can go wrong, and blunders can be well-meaning. But in the messy world of startups and fast-developing tech, things can go wrong, and blunders can be well-meaning. “Issues come up, and companies learn—we all learn from our mistakes,” says Rawat, the patent attorney. Still, Silicon Valley also has a long history of being loosey-goosey with rules, a culture that prizes acting now and begging for forgiveness later—just ask Uber CEO Travis Kalanick. Under his leadership, the company made its name on a cavalier attitude toward red tape and regulations—when it aggressively pushed its way around taxi commissions in new markets, when it used a specialized program to dodge regulators, and when it launched self-driving passenger service in San Francisco without a permit. A slapdash approach to a big acquisition doesn’t sound like a stretch. For other tech companies, this dispute might plant a much-needed “DANGER” sign. “Cases like this are so important for understanding trade secrets and the devaluation of intellectual property, so people see what’s right and wrong,” says Reichman. It’s tempting to see conspiracy, especially when the stakes are so high—if Uber really did conspire to steal Waymo tech, there could be grounds for criminal economic espionage charges and expensive compensation. But for Uber, a potent mix of sloppiness and arrogance could be just as costly. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Autonomous Vehicles corporate espionage google Uber Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email Autonomous Vehicles corporate espionage google Uber Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Pepsi’s Kendall Jenner Ad Was So Awful It Did the Impossible: It United the Internet Advertising Pepsi’s Kendall Jenner Ad Was So Awful It Did the Impossible: It United the Internet Angela Watercutter Facing a Self-Driving Smackdown, Uber Opts for Damage Control Legal Battles Facing a Self-Driving Smackdown, Uber Opts for Damage Control Alex Davies How Airlines Really Make Money, and the Week’s Other Insights NextDraft How Airlines Really Make Money, and the Week’s Other Insights Dave Pell The US Strike on Syria Underscores Trump’s Media-Fueled Worldview Security The US Strike on Syria Underscores Trump’s Media-Fueled Worldview Brian Barrett The Subtle Art of Watching North Korea Build Nukes Nuclear Science The Subtle Art of Watching North Korea Build Nukes Eric Niiler The New Smurfs Movie Finally Solves the Smurfette Problem Movies The New Smurfs Movie Finally Solves the Smurfette Problem Charlie Jane Anders Apple AirPods: Review Review Apple AirPods: Review David Pierce More Stories Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Transportation aviation The Aviation Industry Finally Discovers Silicon Valley Eric Adams Infrastructure Cities Crave Hyperloop Because It’s Shiny—and Talk Is Cheap Aarian Marshall Flight Lab Flight Lab: Watch as I Flunk NASA’s Brutal Test Pilot Training Course Travel Airbus Plans to Stuff 80 More People Into Its Biggest Jet Alex Davies Flight Lab Flight Lab: NASA’s Global Hawk Drones Make Science, Not War Jack Stewart Legal Battles Facing a Self-Driving Smackdown, Uber Opts for Damage Control Alex Davies We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours 🔊 A new Xbox is coming bit.ly/2o7wZ7j Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours 🔊 A new Xbox is coming bit.ly/2o7wZ7j Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Google fights disclosure of information about female employees’ pay: Labor Department By Ethan Baron / April 7, 2017 at 6:31 PM Google took a beating in a court hearing April 7, with the U.S. Department of Labor accusing it of “extreme” discrimination in its compensation of female employees. And the firm, which said in a statement it disagrees “vehemently” with the allegation, is fighting hard to keep the agency’s eyes off its salary data, according to a pre-hearing filing by the Labor Department. “The most prominent issue at the hearing will be whether Google, the eighth-most-profitable business in the entire country, can prove it will face an unconstitutional undue burden in supplying information relevant to determining whether it has complied with non-discrimination obligations,” the filing said. “Google is in an extremely poor position to demonstrate any burden or hardship for at least five reasons.” First, Google would bear no real burden in coughing up the data, because the agency offered to “extract” it from source records, according to the department. Second, even if it cost what Google said it would to produce the information, that would only be .0024 percent of the firm’s 2016 operating costs, and anyway, Google reps had said many times that many of the requested items, such as job and salary history, were “readily available in Google’s electronic databases,” the agency said. Third, Google committed to complying with federal law “when it sought and obtained a five-year contract the company valued to be worth $25 million in taxpayer funds,” according to the department. Fourth, Google has received plenty more money from the feds than it would cost to come up with the information demanded, the agency said. Last, Google, with “great public fanfare,” has announced a $150 million diversity plan, and, “given this spending, Google cannot now plead poverty as a basis for denying access to an entity charged, on the public’s behalf, with determining whether Google complies with its basic non-discrimination obligations.” On the agency’s allegations about discrimination, Google said in a statement, “Every year, we do a comprehensive and robust analysis of pay across genders and we have found no gender pay gap. “Other than making an unfounded statement which we heard for the first time in court, the (Department of Labor) hasn’t provided any data, or shared its methodology.”   Photo: Technology workers are seen outside a Google office building (Bay Area News Group) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Department of Labor, Google, labor department   More Posts in 1 Google’s former self-driving car boss Chris Urmson raises millions for startup while facing Tesla lawsuit April 6, 2017   Yahoo, with Finance and Sports, will live on after Verizon sale, AOL CEO Tim Armstrong says April 5, 2017   Yahoo and AOL to get odd new name, questionable logo April 3, 2017       Share this Post Tweet               Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts H-1B visa program maxed out after four days Pre-release Tesla Model 3 spotted near company headquarters Intel security costs rose after CEO, other execs got threats Ford ahead of Uber, Google, Tesla in self-driving car race,… A longtime Twitter board member is leaving     Archives Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital   About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers Labor Dept.: “We found systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce” Post to Facebook Regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers Labor Dept.: “We found systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce”  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2pbTLtY {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers Associated Press 9:56 p.m. ET April 7, 2017 This March 23, 2010, photo, shows the Google logo at the Google headquarters in Brussels. A government investigation into how much Google is paying its employees has uncovered a widespread pattern of shortchanging women doing similar work to men. A U.S. Department of Labor official disclosed the agency’s allegations during a Friday, April 7, 2017, court hearing in San Francisco. Google says it vehemently disagrees with charges of sex discrimination. (Photo: Virginia Mayo / AP, file) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE San Francisco — Government investigators looking into how Google pays its employees have accused the tech giant of shortchanging women doing similar work to men. A U.S. Department of Labor official disclosed the agency’s allegations during a Friday court hearing in San Francisco. “We found systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce,” Janette Wipper, a Labor Department regional director, testified, according to a report published by The Guardian. Google said it vehemently disagreed with the charges, which the Mountain View, California, company said it hadn’t heard until Wipper’s court appearance. “Every year, we do a comprehensive and robust analysis of pay across genders and we have found no gender pay gap,” Google said in its statement. Google and other technology companies have been trying to improve hiring practices that have historically doled out most of their technical jobs to white and Asian men. Their efforts to strike a better balance have been mostly unsuccessful so far. For instance, only 19 percent of Google’s technology jobs are held by women. Overall, nearly one-third of Google’s more than 70,000 workers are women. The Labor Department’s probe evolved from a lawsuit filed in January seeking to bar Google doing business with the federal government unless the company complied with an audit of its employee-compensation records. Google has said it has turned over some of the requested records, but withheld other information that it believes would invade its workers’ privacy. While Google and its peers have been disclosing embarrassing sexual and racial imbalances in their workforces for the past few years, the technology industry so far has kept its compensation practices a closely guarded secret. The Labor Department is now scrutinizing Silicon Valley for patterns of pay and hiring discrimination under its powers to vet companies that bid for lucrative government contracts. Earlier this year, the Labor Department also sued Oracle, alleging that the business software maker routinely pays white male workers more than their female and non-white counterparts for comparable jobs. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2pbTLtY TOP VIDEOS Rossetti architects design Ashe Stadium's retractable roof 4:58 Utica schools students study science in 3D 1:21 Innovative Vehicle Design Challenge 1:01 Crash test dummies brought to life at Humanetics 3:04 Mary Barra on the next generation Volt 13:47 Mary Sue Coleman says universities should be 'innovators' in economy 8:18 MSU plant geneticist explains his work 1:50
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Uber fires back at Waymo in self-driving car case The legal defense marks Uber’s first response to allegations that its self-driving cars rely on tech designed by Waymo Post to Facebook Uber fires back at Waymo in self-driving car case The legal defense marks Uber’s first response to allegations that its self-driving cars rely on tech designed by Waymo  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2obsPNu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Uber fires back at Waymo in self-driving car case Michael Liedtke, Associated Press 10:02 p.m. ET April 7, 2017 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE San Francisco — Uber is refuting claims that its expansion into self-driving cars hinges on trade secrets stolen from a Google spinoff, arguing that its ride-hailing service has been working on potentially superior technology. The legal defense, presented in documents filed Friday in San Francisco federal court, marks Uber’s first detailed response to explosive allegations that its self-driving cars rely on crucial technology designed by Waymo. That company was created from an autonomous-vehicle project started at Google eight years ago. Once a Google ally, Uber emerged as a rival in the self-driving car market in early 2015 when it began developing its own fleet of autonomous vehicles. Now, Waymo is trying to thwart that effort by persuading U.S. District Judge William Alsup to block Uber’s self-car driving expansion on the grounds that it hinges on a high-tech heist. The case’s outcome could alter the race to build self-driving cars that may transform transportation, reduce traffic deaths and launch a huge new industry. Laser Focus Waymo filed suit against Uber in February, claiming that a former manager, Anthony Levandowski, stole its patented ideas. After the alleged theft, Levandowski left Google early last year to found a self-driving car startup called Otto that Uber bought for $680 million last August. But Uber is now presenting evidence that it began working on technology dramatically different from Waymo’s more than a year before buying Otto. The dispute centers on a pivotal part of self-driving cars called LiDAR, an array of laser-based sensors that enable self-driving cars to see what’s around them so they can safely navigate roads. In sworn declarations and diagrams, Uber argued that its engineers are working on a more sophisticated form of LiDAR than Waymo’s. Among other things, Uber says its LiDAR uses four lenses for transmitting and receiving laser lights as opposed to the single lens in Waymo’s version. “Waymo could not be more wrong, and Uber’s design could not be more different,” Uber’s lawyers wrote in their rebuttal to the allegations. “And no wonder — Uber’s LiDAR was developed by a different team, using a different beam pattern, and leveraging different know-how.” Weight Of Evidence What’s more, Uber says its custom-designed LiDAR system hasn’t even been installed on the self-driving cars that it has been testing in Pittsburgh, Arizona and San Francisco. Instead, the company says it has been relying on LiDAR systems built by other vendors. Much of the information contained in Friday’s filing was redacted to protect confidential business plans and secret technology. Uber may have its work cut out to sway Alsup, who has said in previous court hearings that Waymo has presented some of the strongest evidence he has seen in his judicial career. A hearing on Waymo’s request for an injunction against Uber is scheduled for May 3. Although Waymo isn’t suing him in this case, Levandowski will play a central role in how the lawsuit unfolds. Levandowski helped establish Google as an early leader in self-driving cars, earning him more than $120 million in incentive pay, according to information inadvertently revealed in court papers earlier this week. Before Levandowski defected from Google early last year start Otto, Waymo alleges he downloaded more than 14,000 documents containing trade secrets that is now helping Uber. After buying Otto, Uber put Levandowski in charge of Uber’s self-driving project, a job that has been imperiled by this lawsuit. Alsup has warned that he may issue an order barring Levandowski from involvement in Uber’s self-driving car division if he sides with Waymo. Uber says it hasn’t found any evidence of ever possessing any of the files that Levandowski stands accused of stealing. Levandowski, meanwhile, has asserted his Fifth Amendment rights to protect himself if criminal charges are filed against him. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2obsPNu TOP VIDEOS GM cars hoisted up to the Comerica Park fountain 0:50 Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43 Joe Nardone, CEO, Wayne County Airport Authority, tours DTW 2:25 Mike Ilitch: 'I fell in love with Midwestern friendliness' 2:40 Microsoft moving to Detroit 3:49 Walking the floor at the NAIAS Charity Preview 1:00 Biden admires Detroit, 'an iconic city' 2:15 Chinese automaker GAC reveals three new vehicles 1:57 Mercedes-Benz introduces new cars 2:48 Infiniti introduces QX50 concept 1:19
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 135 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares209 Development Google News Starting on April 10th Google plans on pushing out an update to the sign-in page for Google accounts. This change is meant to further unify the sign-in process across your various devices. Although the news was posted to the G Suite Developers blog, we do fully expect this change to affect all Google accounts on all browsers, mobile browsers, and iOS apps (Android apps should not be affected). Google's SSO will also see additional changes beyond the purely cosmetic, as a new permissions grant redirect will be added to the login process, and permissions requested by a site or service will be more explicitly stated. The privacy-conscious will be excited to hear that Google is making such an effort to ensure a greater awareness on the part of users when it comes to privacy and consent in the use of third party services. Unfortunately, the permission request pane will no longer list what Google considers to be "standard" permission requests, presumably including basic account information. At least Google is making some effort to increase privacy awareness during login, even going so far as to increase the burden of responsibility for that privacy on developers by requiring contact information to be listed at a link on the permissions page. These aren't the only changes to login Google will be making. The use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe after April 20th, so if you are a developer relying on a webview redirect for OAuth to grant permissions you should consider changing to the official methods very soon before it breaks. Even some large companies like Airbnb and Pocket still haven't updated to the new methods, so it's worth taking a look. The rollout for the new sign-in is expected to be quite extended, potentially requiring more than two weeks for full visibility, so don't be surprised if you don't notice any changes to your sign-in process for a while. Most people probably won't notice much of a change beyond the cosmetic, anyway (although, our readers certainly aren't most people). Source: Google Support, G Suite Updates, G Suite Developers Blog, Medium Tags Google login Google SSO google+ sign in permissions privacy SSO subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay ... Next Story Fact Check goes global for Search and Google News results Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Trooper311 Was wondering when this was going to be rolling out. Thanks. Josh Crumley Of all the companies out there taking our personal data and using it for profit, Google is by far the least secretive about it. I'm glad they're making the permissions more detailed. Pixelexel I don't trust any company with my data other than Google. Kanoosh i don't even really trust google , but they are the least worst imo so i i go with them. :) HSidhu Google won't give your data to anyone, your Data is their power. Kanoosh never assume just because someone tells you something , that it is true.. i still hold plenty of caution with google as should everyone else.. no tin foil hats here, just reality of things... but i do hold them in higher regard for my personal data then any others , just always good to be safe. catalysto It's not just because "someone said so". It's because if Google was ever caught actually selling/releasing user data, they'd be completely screwed. Their entire business model depends on them keeping your data private. Sophia <-Everyone wants to make some extra money by part time jobs. here we are giving you the opportunity to earn extra money from home. Most of the people need a secondary income(part time jobs) to meet their financial needs. Home free jobs does share Four Methods to earn money. If you are interested, then join.!➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS vmxr you shouldn't trust any company at all all companies care about one thing Profit catalysto That is entirely untrue. Many business are not in it for the money. NooSH the only companies that are "not in it for the money" are the ones that go bankrupt and you never hear from them again.. don't ever be so naive to think a companies best interest is the consumer... it NEVER is. Portzblitz I pretty sure he/she's kidding. NooSH that's why i didn't go off with a rant instead just stuck to a more "light" reply haha.. juuuust incase. Summerer The 'keep me logged in' button will be removed and instead you will always stay logged in until you explicitly logout in a browser. Seems kinda insecure or at least intransparent for the average user Devin Rodriguez Honestly it's never been very effective for me anyway. Every few days I found myself having to re-enter my password and sometimes even my 2FA regardless of whether I checked the box or not. Rabia Atta they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Devin Rodriguez What? Indefinite Implosion they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Ryne Hager I agree, I think he was fairly clear on that point. Devin Rodriguez Oh, okay. BC This is interesting and I do like the the fact that the permissions are highlighted more than they were before. This is a good thing indeed! Bikram Agarwal ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe Thank god. I absolutely hate apps that do that for Google / Facebook / Twitter permission request. If the first party app is installed, popup permission request screen on those apps. Don't load a webview asking me to login with email, password, 2FA. I wish FB and Twitter will also do what Google is doing now. Drunk Squirrel Like how titanium backup opens a webview of Google sign in in order to backup to Google drive, as opposed to other apps which show up a single pop-up,, correct Ryne Hager Right? They've got libraries for that, why make me enter my information again on a device I'm already logged in on? Imagine all the time that could have been saved. HSidhu hello @ryne Hager aka new guy :) Ryne Hager Yo! Josh Crumley Welcome to the club! Anish Bhalerao Great, informative article. But is this Android Police or Google Police? Sure, Android is from Google, but an article about Unilever cannot (always) be an article about Dove. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 309 1 Year Ago Today Opinion: As Smartphone Innovation Slows, Google's Nexus Program Is More Important Than Ever 2016/04/08 12:29pm PDTApr 8, 2016 89 2 Years Ago Today Google Calendar 5.2 Brings Back The Month View On Phones [APK Download] 2015/04/08 12:49pm PDTApr 8, 2015 6 3 Years Ago Today Pocket Updated To Version 5.4, Includes New Languages, Immersive Mode, And More 2014/04/08 5:52pm PDTApr 8, 2014 48 4 Years Ago Today The More I Watch This Virgin Mobile Ad Luring T-Mobile Customers Away With $100, The More It Makes Sense And That Scares Me 2013/04/08 8:35pm PDTApr 8, 2013 10 5 Years Ago Today PSA: You Can Now Send CyanogenMod Builds To ROM Manager With One Click Right From The Web 2012/04/08 8:05pm PDTApr 8, 2012 2 6 Years Ago Today Samsung DROID Charge Launching April 14 At Sears, Incredible 2 To Follow On April 21 2011/04/08 5:23pm PDTApr 8, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Google Turns On Universal Suggest In Mobile Search 2010/04/08 9:34pm PDTApr 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 97 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 121 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 24 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.658s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     IC Media Direct - Reputation Management Authority Analyzes the History of Online Brand Development   View as PDF  Print View    Optimizing SEO is more fundamental now than it was towards the end of the 20th century, not long after Google launched. NEW YORK, NY - April 7, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Notable expert in reputation management, IC Media Direct studies the immense effect a vigorous online brand has on the overall quality of organizational performance and individual positioning alike. Online reputation control is increasingly vital in the 21st Century as more companies understand the importance of focusing on their digital footprint. Rising above the competition is challenging, especially with the quick pace at which technology changes - and the pressure on businesses to keep up. Optimizing SEO is more fundamental now than it was towards the end of the 20th century, not long after Google launched. Ensuring positive content is in the number one spot is imperative, since 33 percent of people always click on the search engine's top result after inputting a word or term. IC Media Direct emphasizes that businesses and individuals should adapt to new ways of controlling their online reputation through a smart content management plan. In comparison to SEO, content marketing is a relatively new technique, but is also key for companies hoping to create a positive image. It allows firms to take full control of their branding by formulating a distinctive voice and a clear message through content - whether on websites, blogs, or social media platforms - while also promoting their products or services. Trust is key for attracting consumers, and content marketing cultivates a brand that seems reliable and likable while also boosting sales. IC Media Direct experts advise companies to choose wisely when it comes to connecting with their target customers, with a consistently multiplying array of social media channels to choose from. Teens are moving from sites like Facebook, for example, in favor of newer options like Snapchat and Instagram. With live-streaming apps set to excel in the years to come, digital natives are migrating to Periscope in striking numbers. With two decades of experience providing companies with the tools to achieve success, IC Media Direct has in-house staff trained in the latest technological and media advances to provide forward-thinking strategies for brands to utilize in the most effective manner. Founded in 1996, IC Media Direct is a full-service reputation management, marketing and public relations company. With offices in New York and Washington DC, the firm operates globally, serving a range of clients. Experts in formulating campaigns and navigating SEO, the company has generated effective online reputation management strategies for countless clients, including Olympic athletes, celebrities, politicians and Fortune 500 companies. A leading force within the industry, IC Media Direct is an award-winning firm and has been recognized repeatedly by the Small Business Institute for Excellence in Commerce. IC Media Direct - Reputation Management: http://icmediadirectnews.com ICMediaDirect - Online Reputation Management Reviews: http://icmediadirectormreviews.com ICMediaDirect - Online Reputation Management & Reviews: http://icmediadirectreviews.com Contact Info: Name: ICMD Email: pr@icmediadirect.com Organization: ICMediaDirect.com Phone: 800-595-0821 Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3QHOeY8qAM Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/ic-media-direct-reputation-management-authority-analyzes-the-history-of-online-brand-development/184493 For more information, please visit http://www.ICMediaDirect.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 184493 Recent Press Releases By The Same User What To Expect When Dogs try Premium Probiotics By Doctor4paws (Sat 8th Apr 17) Akoni Homeware Receive First Amazon Orders For New Watermelon Product (Sat 8th Apr 17) Jeff Ifrah - Ifrah Law Appoints George R. Calhoun V as Chair of Financial Services Practice (Sat 8th Apr 17) Bill Lerner - iPark Boosts its Commitment to Environmental Sustainability By Launching EV Charging Stations (Sat 8th Apr 17) New Organic Skin Care for women that saves time and money, created by Cosmetic Surgeon, Dr. Robert Anderson (Sat 8th Apr 17) Lingua Franca Translations Launches New Website For Legal Translations In Under 2 Hours (Sat 8th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Chris Smith, BGR Google and Nokia might finally make the Android phone fans are dying for Chris Smith @chris_writes April 7th, 2017 at 8:00 PM Share Tweet HMD Global, the company that will sell Nokia-branded smartphones for the following ten years, has big plans. It aims to restore the Nokia brand to what it once was, and it thinks Google’s Android can help. But unlike other Android device makers that are all churning out the same black rectangles, the new Nokia has something else in mind. But it will only work with Google’s help. Don't Miss: Scientist studying acoustic vibrations decides to make life hell for some Lego dudes Nokia said during its press event at MWC that its Android phones, including the Nokia 6, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3 that are about to launch, will run a clean version of Android — or as close to vanilla Android as possible, the kind of Android OS some fans crave. Furthermore, Nokia said on stage that it plans to issue swift updates to Android, a feat no other smartphone maker can brag with. Talking to Gulf News, HMD Global’s vice president for the Middle East and North Africa Per Ekman reiterated some of those goals, revealing that Google might be the key to making Nokia great again. Apparently, HMD Global clinched some important strategic partnership with Foxconn and Google. “Most of the smartphones in the market do not have the Android OS in the way it should be,” the exec said. “Vendors are adding a skin on top of the OS. Consumers have the right to have the latest version of the OS, and we will be pushing the latest version and the patches as soon as it is available from Google.” “We and Google will jointly enhance the Nokia brand to put the right kind of inputs into the phone, including Google Assistant,” he said. That sounds amazing, at least in theory. But running pure Android on a phone also sounds like something not even Google is doing anymore. For the first time since Android’s inception, Google last year confirmed that it wants to further customize its own Android smartphones. The Pixel that followed was a Prime example of that, sporting some features that were not initially available on older Nexus models. On the other hand, Google’s primary Android partner has just taken the first significant anti-Android move. Samsung’s Bixby is a direct competitor to Google’s Assistant and a potential threat to Google in the long run. Working closely with a company that can sell Nokia-branded Android phones, a brand still loved by millions of people, might be in Google’s best interest. HMD Global’s next major test comes soon. The first Nokia Android phones are tipped to launch in 120 markets in late May or early June. Tags: google, Nokia, Nokia 5, Nokia 6 View Comments Trending 1 Tech Google and Nokia might finally make the Android phone fans are dying for 2 Tech There’s only one thing keeping all these iPhone users from switching to the Galaxy S8 3 Tech Biggest iPhone 8 leak yet offers several surprising new details 4 Entertainment Pokemon Go updates are about to hit iPhone and Android: Here’s what’s new 5 Deals There’s finally an Alexa smartwatch, and it works with iPhones and Android Picked For You This iPhone 8 would be so much hotter than the Galaxy S8 By Zach Epstein April 5th at 10:27 AM There’s only one thing keeping all these iPhone users from switching to the Galaxy S8 By Zach Epstein April 7th at 10:29 AM A big-name Nintendo Switch game was just released for the first time since launch By Maren Estrada April 5th at 8:12 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Topics Retail Content Marketing Data/Analytics Customer Experience Direct Mail/Postal Digital Email Mobile Omnichannel/Multichannel Social Media B2B Marketing Podcasts Resources Essential Guides eBooks eBooks Descriptions Datamine Whitepapers Jobs Directory Events Caples Awards DMN Awards Marketing Hall of Femme DMN 40 Under 40 Awards Webcasts DMN Facebook DMN Twitter DMN LinkedIn DMN Google Plus DMN Pinterest Archive Subscribe Log in | Register DMN > Sections > Topics > Marketing Strategy > Methods to Avoid Ad Placement Issues Alexander Neely, Reporter April 05, 2017 Methods to Avoid Ad Placement Issues Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Email Print Marketing leaders break down the best ways to approach ad placement YouTube by TymonOziemblewski Over the past several months, YouTube went from a marketer's go-to to a marketing get out. On the surface, brands and marketers have become increasingly upset about ads running against controversial content on the video-streaming site. But beyond that, it provides a stark example to the ever-evolving question of ad placement. Can platforms ensure the placement of ads? How can brands and marketers prevent negative ad placement? What strategies can brands and marketers use to avoid issues in the future? DMN spoke with some of the leading organizations in the field to determine the best methods of approach to avoid the ad placement madness. The below are direct quotes from each individual. Jason Beckerman, CEO and Co-Founder at Unified The main driver of brand risk is programmatic display, brands should avoid this at all costs by procuring video from safer platforms like Facebook, Twitter and Snapchat—vs millions of sites which can lead to greater risk. First and foremost, leverage products that are curated, like ads with periscope where only certain channels publishers are allowed in. Brand should keep in mind that social mediums are built off identity—not cookies. Videos on social are contained in a feed and in their own frame, whereas YouTube was pre-rolled before unknown content— on social you own your block of inventory. Of course, you always run a risk of your ad showing up above or below another UGC item, but not before and associated with something risky. Carl Erik Kjærsgaard, CEO and co-founder at Blackwood Seven. The entire market place must agree on the terms for which they are trading and thereby commit to a shared understanding of cost, quality and time to market. It's all about trust. Each publisher must provide transparency about what content the ads will be shown against and take responsibility for ensuring the quality of these placements, at the price level they demand from the advertisers. And advertiser must be aware that price and quality are equal components when buying inventory. If advertisers demand low prices provide instantly, then quality will be as such. This is a shared obligation.” Marika Roque, VP of Digital Media Activation over Mass2 and Lin Digital at Nexstar Digital LLC  The uproar around Google's ad placement has forced brands to evaluate whether walled garden entities, like Google, are the most effective tools within which to publish. Google and partners like them have tremendous brand recognition and offer exclusive and custom executions, yet there can be a lot of risk involved. Walled gardens limit partners in terms of what types of content they can filter, and essentially, leads to a lack of transparency and the ability to target ideal audiences for brands. These partnerships can also create a conflict of interest where profits and scale are prioritized over brand safety and optimal performance. In an industry with ever-changing standards, remaining agile, staying hyper communicative, and utilizing reputable resources will help to foster safe advertising.  To do this, brands need to establish best practices with their partners that include clear communication, the ability to raise safety concerns, and the creation of a safety block list. By putting these methods in place, both parties can be aligned on what is considered acceptable and it will ensure that from the beginning, a campaign will be properly planned against a targeting strategy/KPI that accounts for any brand concerns. Brands should also purchase media through reputable companies which offer transparent practices, such as removing invalid traffic from billable units, instead of going for the cheapest bid. Oftentimes pushing agencies and networks to lower their rates can compromise traffic quality and risks brand safety. Utilizing internal tools such as whitelists,  as well as brand safety tools and third party measurement companies, such as Integral Ad Science or DoubleVerify, will prevent ads from serving next to unsafe content and ensure any unwanted publishers are blocked. Lastly, staying up to speed with industry standards and updating best practices as often as the industry changes will be crucial for success. Nels Stromborg, EVP at Retale The biggest and best tool any brand can employ is actually getting in the middle of your media buys. You have to understand how the media is sourced, the technology behind the execution, and the verification tools and methodologies your agency or partner is suggesting you use. That is frankly a lot of work. Simple things like the practice of “white labeling” site lists can help you a lot. You can go back to buying media directly with highly respected publishers, and environments that focus on engagement vs. pure clicks. Using the right verification tools, will help. Getting things in writing from any partner, will also help cut down on these issues, and lastly adopting a policy of zero tolerance from both your media partners and agency partners will help a lot. However, it will never be foolproof. Every day people are working on ways to outsmart these algorithms and tools so that they can continue to profit from fraud. That is likely not going to change any time soon. Related Articles 3 Rules for Marketing in Trump's America How to Use ABM for Customer Acquisition Related Topics Advertising Marketing Marketing Strategy Next Article in Marketing Strategy In a World of Media Bias, The Wall Street Journal Seeks Objectivity Sign up to our newsletters Best of... Weekly Daily Insider Events Weekly Hot List of the Day Sponsored Promotion Whitepaper of the Day DMNTech Roundup DMNTech Sponsored Promotion United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Company of the Week Brightcove is the world's leading video platform. The most innovative and respected brands confidently rely on Brightcove to solve their most demanding communication challenges because of the unmatched performance and flexibility of our platform, our global scale and reliability, and our award-winning service. With thousands of customers and an industry-leading suite of cloud video products, Brightcove enables customers to drive compelling business results. Find out more here » Career Center Check out hundreds of exciting professional opportunities available on DMN's Career Center.   Explore careers in digital marketing, sales, eCommerce, marketing communications, IT, data strategies, and much more. And don't forget to update your resume so employers can contact you privately about job opportunities. >>Click Here More in Marketing Strategy How Deep Learning Will Disrupt Marketing If brands and marketers want to get the right message to the right customer at the right time, they need to prepare In a World of Media Bias, The Wall ... The Wall Street Journal's VP of marketing and sales explained how the brand found its positioning during the 2016 presidential election How to Use ABM for Customer Acquisition Patient investment in strategic ABM makes sense when you're hunting the big "whale account" Back to Top Insight on profitable data-driven marketing strategies. Connect with us: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Newsletters RSS Feeds Coverage Features Topics DMNotes Case Studies Resources Advertise Social Events Directory Lists Editorial Calendar User Center Register Jobs About us Ad Choices Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 39° Cloudy High: 50° | Low: 37° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted Yesterday at 9:32 PM Updated April 7 increase font size Google expands fact-checking to curb misleading news stories Observers say efforts by the search-engine titan will make it easier for users to discern between trustworthy reporting and 'fake news.' By ANICK JESDANUNAssociated Press Share Comment Read Article NEW YORK — Google will expand the use of “fact check” tags in its search results – the tech industry’s latest effort to combat false and misleading news stories. People who search for a topic in Google’s main search engine or the Google News section will see a conclusion such as “mostly true” or “false” next to stories that have been fact checked. This photo shows a sign outside Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Google will start offering "fact check" tags next to some news stories in search results in the tech industry's latest effort to combat false and misleading news stories, on Friday, April 7, 2017. People who search for a topic in the regular search engine or the Google News section will see a conclusion such as "mostly true" or "false" next to news stories that had been fact checked by one of more than 100 organizations, including The Associated Press, PolitiFact and Snopes.com. Associated Press/Marcio Jose Sanchez Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → Google has been working with more than 100 news organizations and fact-checking groups, including The Associated Press, the BBC and NPR. Their conclusions will appear in search results as long as they meet certain formatting criteria for automation. Google said only a few of those organizations, including PolitiFact and Snopes.com, have already met those requirements; The Washington Post also says it complies. Google said it expects the ranks of compliant organizations to grow following Friday’s announcement. Not all news stories will be fact checked. Multiple organizations may reach different conclusions; Google will show those separately. Still unanswered is whether these fact-check analyses will sway people who are already prone to believe false reports because they confirm preconceived notions. Glenn Kessler, who writes “The Fact Checker” column at The Washington Post, said in an email that Google’s efforts should at least “make it easier for people around the world to obtain information that counters the spin by politicians and political advocacy groups, as well as purveyors of ‘fake news.”‘ He added that “over time, I expect that people increasingly will want to read a fact-check on a controversial issue or statement, even if the report conflicts with their political leanings.” Google started offering fact check tags in the U.S. and the U.K. in October and expanded the program to a handful of other countries in the subsequent months. Now the program is open to the rest of the world and to all languages. False news and misinformation, often masquerading as trustworthy news that spreads on social media, has gained attention since the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Google’s announcement comes a day after Facebook launched a resource to help users spot false news and misleading information that spreads on its service. The resource is basically a notification that pops up for a few days. Clicking on it takes people to tips and other information on how to spot false news and what to do about it. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Nation & World Penn Station train tracks fixed – just not in time for morning rush Business Fried chicken chain plans to cut link to human antibiotics Business Google expands fact-checking to curb misleading news stories Business Bill could scuttle UMaine offshore wind project near Monhegan Recent Read Shared Pearl Jam, Tupac, Yes, Journey inducted into Rock Hall of Fame Major league roundup: Scherzer sharp as Nationals win NBA roundup: Cavaliers stunned at home Attack on Syrian air base prompts praise, concern, condemnation Sea Dogs' starter Stankiewicz was locked in Search for WCSH meteorologist Tom Johnston ends with discovery of body in Auburn TV weatherman Tom Johnston remembered for his energy and humor, on air and off Immigration officials arrest asylum seeker in Portland courthouse Portland responds to 8 suspected overdoses in about 24 hours Lawyer for convicted murderer seeks review, bail after 25 years Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Southern Maine Transit Tracker seeking feedback on its tracking system Search for WCSH meteorologist Tom Johnston ends with discovery of body in Auburn Big-city designer chooses Maine for sustainable fashion production Community in crisis: Battle against opioids rages in beaten-down Sanford BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow So much for Equal Pay Day: Google accused of 'very significant' pay discrimination 1.1k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Google CEO Sundar Pichai Image: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images By Patrick Kulp2017-04-08 01:16:35 UTC The Labor Department claimed Friday that Google has fostered an "extreme" gender pay gap across its entire workforce. The bombshell accusation stems from an ongoing investigation into the search giant's payroll practices, The Guardian first reported. It also comes three days after the company sang its own praises on Equal Pay Day. A department official testified in a San Francisco courtroom this week that enough "compelling evidence" had already been found to make a case for systemic discrimination. The agency first filed suit against Google in January in a bid to force the company to turn over salary data in accordance with anti-discrimination laws. SEE ALSO: This Uber executive sure sounds defensive about not taking the fall for Uber's harassment crisis “The government’s analysis at this point indicates that discrimination against women in Google is quite extreme, even in this industry,” Labor Department regional director Janette Wipper said in court Friday, per The Guardian's report. The company claimed Tuesday that it had closed its gender pay gap worldwide in a tweet commemorating Equal Pay Day.   Let’s make every day #EqualPayDay. All employers can take steps to eliminate the gender and race pay gaps, today → https://t.co/KTuGTJMV16 pic.twitter.com/rBciSK21uF — Google (@Google) April 4, 2017 The charge comes as reports of Uber's systemic sexism towards female employees have yet again thrown the tech industry's gender bias problems into sharp relief.  Men far outnumber women in Silicon Valley — particularly in lucrative technical jobs and positions of power — and a number of lawsuits and personal testimonies in recent years have pointed towards a slanted playing field that enforces that norm. But a full-fledged takedown at one of the biggest companies in the industry — and the world — could be explosive.  Google's latest diversity report revealed that only 31 percent of its employees are female. Women hold just one in five technical roles and a quarter of leadership posts. The Labor Department has been collecting salary information from Google since late 2015. The company was forthcoming with several of the requested data sets and, at one point, allowed regulators to interview employees at its Mountain View, California headquarters. But the company took issue with a follow-up order that called for detailed profiles of each employee, including prior job history and salaries, personal contact information, and competing offers, according to the tech law blog The Recorder. Google said in a statement at the time of the suit's filing that it refused the request because it was "overbroad in scope" and a breach of workers' privacy. A lawyer representing Google alleged during Friday's hearing that the request was a violation of Fourth Amendment rights, which protects citizens from unreasonable searches.   The company didn't immediately respond to our request for comment. The Labor Department is entitled to all of this information because Google is technically a federal contractor. The agency has asked the court to suspend all of the company's government contracts and bar it from any in the future if it doesn't comply. WATCH: Google takes on fake news with 'Fact Check' tags in Search and News Topics: alphabet, Business, department of labor, Google About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO US Department of Labor accuses Google of underpaying women US Department of Labor accuses Google of underpaying women The company discriminates even more than the tech industry as a whole, the department testified Friday, according to The Guardian Blair Hanley Frank (IDG News Service) 08 April, 2017 10:40 - - - - print email Comments IDG The U.S. Department of Labor says Google discriminates against female employees in pay at a level that's even worse than the tech industry as a whole. The department has found "systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce," Labor Department Regional Director Janette Wipper testified in a court in San Francisco on Friday, according to a report by The Guardian. Janet Herold, the department's regional solicitor, told the Guardian that pay discrimination against women was extreme. Wipper said that the DoL found pay disparities in a snapshot of salaries from 2015, according to the Guardian. Wipper’s testimony was part of a hearing about a lawsuit that the Labor Department brought against Google to force the company to hand over salary information. The department is authorized to conduct audits of Google's employment practices because the company gets government contracts. It says Google hasn't been cooperating. The agency has asked the Office of Administrative Law Judges, a special court for Labor Department programs, to cancel all of Google’s government contracts and keep it from getting future contracts if it doesn’t comply with the request for data. Google vehemently disagrees with the department's assertion, the company said in an emailed statement. “Every year, we do a comprehensive and robust analysis of pay across genders and we have found no gender pay gap,” the statement read. “Other than making an unfounded statement which we heard for the first time in court, the DoL hasn’t provided any data, or shared its methodology.” At the time it filed the lawsuit, the Labor Department characterized the request for information as routine, but Google says the agency has cast too wide a net. (In a statement earlier this year, the company said it provided “hundreds of thousands of records” to the DoL as part of the audit.) That argument appears to hold some water for Steven Berlin, the administrative law judge overseeing the case. Last month, Berlin denied the DoL’s motion for summary judgment, which would have immediately concluded the case in its favor. He said the department's request for the data was "unreasonably burdensome, given its extremely limited relevance." The reported testimony on Friday came three days after Google said in a tweet that it had “closed the gender pay gap globally.” The company also published a guide to doing the same at other companies. ​CIO Executive Council member profile: Emmanuel Steve Dulvin More from CIO Executive Council Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about Google Editor's Recommendations When will the IT project madness end? Ridley leads charge on 'intelligent built environments' in digital age Regaining trust after a digital government failure Tech dreams come true: Origin’s Kelly Ferguson reveals personal journey Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Silver Peak Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Crossing the Legacy ITSM Chasm: A Risk/Benefits Assessment 2017 Trends: SD-WAN Advances Towards Mainstream Adoption How to Overcome Today’s Top ITSM Challenges Kingston Technology Moves to a Broadband WAN with Silver Peak Latest Jobs New Business Lead - Professional Services (Pre-Sales) NSW Service Delivery Manager NSW Senior Project Manager - Digital / Media NSW Contracts Manager NSW Data Analyst Lead SA Mobile Studio Lead/ Mobile UX Lead NSW Delivery Executive SA Manager Portfolio Planning QLD Contracts Manager NSW Contracts Manager NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​Catholic Education WA moves to Microsoft cloud Genevieve Bell calls out the creeps and warns of analytics' unintended consequences ​Cybersecurity nears tipping point CSO Online In pictures: Breakfast - Information governance in a digital world 10 things you may not know about Google Trump ‘actively’ considering new H-1B spouse work rule CSO The iCloud hackers' bitcoin ransom looks like a fake WikiLeaks: CIA used bits of Carberp Trojan code for malware deployment IoT malware starts showing destructive behavior Samsung's squashing of malicious Tizen smart TV bugs is turning messy US lawmakers demand to know how many residents are under surveillance Computerworld Microsoft hikes Windows 10 savings claims by 28% The Weekly Wrap: Time to prep for Windows 10 Creators Update What C-level leaders need to know about cybersecurity This year's H-1B cap is quickly reached -- and exceeded Pairing Galaxy S8 with Microsoft apps seen as benefit to business customers ARN Datatec ponders US$800 million Westcon-Comstor stake sale Print still pays: Konica Minolta scores $79M Defence contract Samsung’s chip business boosts quarterly results Aussie IT businesses dominate Westpac’s 200 Businesses of Tomorrow tally ISPs in the crosshairs under new broadband monitoring program Techworld The iCloud hackers' bitcoin ransom looks like a fake US Department of Labor accuses Google of underpaying women What one company learned from testing Intel's superfast Optane SSDs Microsoft hikes Windows 10 savings claims by 28% Microsoft launches Windows 10 beta program for business users CMO Report: Australia's love affair with audience data is heating up Help CMO gauge the state of Australia’s marketing leadership community CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 6 April 2017 Interview: Trump's chief data scientist reveals the data approach that won an election Why Dexus has embarked on a brand repositioning program Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Twitter Facebook Follow us: Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media Tools Advertise YouTube Channels With Under 10K Views Can No Longer Display Ads News· YouTube April 7, 2017 News YouTube Matt SouthernApril 7, 2017 SEJ STAFF 358SHARES 194READS 358SHARES 194READS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 358SHARES 194READS ADVERTISEMENT Google is ramping up its efforts to ensure ads do not appear alongside questionable YouTube videos. Its latest measure involves blocking ads from appearing on channels with less than 10,000 total views. According to what Google recently told the Wall Street Journal, it has been working on putting this measure in place since November. At first it was designed to prevent channels which steal content from earning revenue on the YouTube platform, but now the company faces an even greater problem. Several top US brands have pulled their advertising from YouTube after ads were found appearing next to controversial videos. Now it’s clear Google doesn’t want to give just anyone the ability to display ads on their YouTube content, which is pretty much what it was doing before. Prior to this measure being put in place, it was rather easy to get approved to display ads on a YouTube channel. It didn’t matter how old or reputable the channel was, or how many views its videos had. With the new 10,000 view threshold, Google is banking on the idea that questionable and/or controversial videos will not find a wide audience — and therefore ads will not end up appearing on channels publishing the content. Whether or not this will appease the brands that recently pulled their ads from YouTube remains to be seen. At the very least, Google is staying true to its word that it will put measures in place to prevent ads from appearing next to unsavory content. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts YouTube to Provide More Up-To-Date View Counts, No More 301+ Views YouTube Adds Paid Promotion Alert For Viewers Snapchat on Par With Facebook When it Comes to Daily Video Views YouTube is Disabling Monetization on Non-Advertiser-Friendly Videos ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) YouTube Channels With Under 10K Views Can No Longer Display Ads - April 7, 2017 Ask.com Accidentally Leaks Private Search Query Data - April 7, 2017 Google Continues to Crack Down on Fake Google Maps Listings - April 7, 2017 Download: What Works in Content Marketing Case Studies and Tools for Success. Invalid email address.   ADVERTISEMENT Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar How to Execute Scalable Enterprise Link Building Campaigns Wed. April 19th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Search Engine Nerds Best Practices for 2017 SEO Audits See all Search Engine Nerds Podcasts ADVERTISEMENT Popular Posts 1 Google Maps Now Lets You Review Continents and Oceans 8.1K reads 4/6/2017 2 Google Introduces Verified Customer Reviews, Retires Trusted Stores Program 7.4K reads 4/4/2017 3 The Death of Organic Search (As We Know It) 7.2K reads 3/29/2017 4 Old-School SEO: 6 On-Page Optimization Techniques that Google Hates 7.1K reads 3/16/2017 5 8 Modern Link Acquisition Tactics that Work 6.4K reads 3/13/2017See All Popular Posts ADVERTISEMENT [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: missoulian.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections News Local Montana & Regional National News World News Business Government Sports Griz Sports High School Local College Sports National Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Cartoons Columnists Obituaries Entertainment Calendar Music Arts and Theatre Movies TV People Books and Literature Corridor Magazine Games & Puzzles Features Territory Outdoors Food Weddings Buy & Sell Classifieds Business Directory Today's Deal Place an Ad Autos Homes Rentals Open Houses Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Jobs Top Jobs Work for Us e-Edition Special Publications Contact Contact Us Subscribe Carrier Opportunities Dealer Services Email alerts Customer service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 36° Missoula, MT (59801) Today Cloudy skies early. A few showers developing later in the day. Thunder possible. High 49F. Winds NW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 40%.. Tonight Cloudy. Snow showers developing after midnight. Low 33F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of snow 40%. Updated: April 7, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Obituaries Buy/Sell AP US regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers Apr 7, 2017 Updated 6 hrs ago SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Government investigators looking into how Google pays its employees have accused the tech giant of shortchanging women doing similar work to men. A U.S. Department of Labor official disclosed the agency's allegations during a Friday court hearing in San Francisco. "We found systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce," Janette Wipper, a Labor Department regional director, testified, according to a report published by The Guardian. Google said it vehemently disagreed with the charges, which the Mountain View, California, company said it hadn't heard until Wipper's court appearance. "Every year, we do a comprehensive and robust analysis of pay across genders and we have found no gender pay gap," Google said in its statement. Google and other technology companies have been trying to improve hiring practices that have historically doled out most of their technical jobs to white and Asian men. Their efforts to strike a better balance have been mostly unsuccessful so far. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! Missoulian.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. For instance, only 19 percent of Google's technology jobs are held by women. Overall, nearly one-third of Google's more than 70,000 workers are women. The Labor Department's probe evolved from a lawsuit filed in January seeking to bar Google doing business with the federal government unless the company complied with an audit of its employee-compensation records. Google has said it has turned over some of the requested records, but withheld other information that it believes would invade its workers' privacy. While Google and its peers have been disclosing embarrassing sexual and racial imbalances in their workforces for the past few years, the technology industry so far has kept its compensation practices a closely guarded secret. The Labor Department is now scrutinizing Silicon Valley for patterns of pay and hiring discrimination under its powers to vet companies that bid for lucrative government contracts. Earlier this year, the Labor Department also sued Oracle, alleging that the business software maker routinely pays white male workers more than their female and non-white counterparts for comparable jobs. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags News Wire Business General News Technology Legal Proceedings Law And Order Corporate Legal Affairs Corporate News Workplace Discrimination Labor Issues Social Issues Social Affairs Personnel Discrimination Human Rights And Civil Liberties Gender Discrimination Gender Issues Latest in section Electronics retailer hhgregg is going out of business California math: 1 vote = $500 million in road, rail work Penn Station train tracks fixed but not for morning commute Phil Mickelson's gambler pal convicted: 'I'm in total shock' Correction: Sex Harassment Continues story Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany More on this topic Electronics retailer hhgregg is going out of business US regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers US rig count increases 15 this week to 839; Texas up 7 Uber fires back at Google spinoff in self-driving car case California math: 1 vote = $500 million in road, rail work S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Goldschmidt leads Diamondbacks' rally over Indians Randle, Brewer help Lakers edge Kings 98-94 Maybin, Calhoun drive Angels to 5-1 win over Mariners Westbrook secures triple-double average, falls short of 42nd Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic AutoFinder Montana Magazine Health Resource Guide Missoula Public Art Guide Montana's Cultural Treasures Corridor Montana 55 Online Features Tools & Services Contact Us E-edition Subscribe RSS © Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
'Last night the Obama era in American foreign policy ended' says John Bolton Russian government bans 'extremist' pro-gay image of Putin John McCain tramples on Rand Paul's foreign policy cred Google will now include ‘fact checking’ from orgs like Politifact in search results TV Channels Glenn Beck Dana Loesch Lawrence Jones Mike Opelka Check out all channels Radio myVoice Signup Login www.theblaze.com Google will now include ‘fact checking’ from orgs like Politifact in search results Sara Gonzales 7 hours Google has announced a fact-check feature. (Photo credit should read LOIC VENANCE/AFP/Getty Images) 51 Follow Share Tweet Google, the world’s largest Internet search engine, on Friday announced the rollout of out a new “Fact Check” feature that will put “fact check” tags on articles in its news search results. The new feature comes after Google had been criticized for not policing the content found in its search results, some accusing the firm of spreading fake news and misinformation. Google announced the new change in a blog post. “For the first time, when you conduct a search on Google that returns an authoritative result containing fact checks for one or more public claims, you will see that information clearly on the search results page. The snippet will display information on the claim, who made the claim, and the fact check of that particular claim.” The company is working with fact-checking organizations like Politifact and Snopes and plans to open the system up to other news organizations like The Washington Post and the New York Times, according to Bloomberg. Hypothetically, once the feature is opened up to multiple news organizations, there could be varying verdicts on whether a search result is true. Google reiterated in their statement that it wouldn’t apply to every search result and that the fact-checks were coming from outside sources. “This information won’t be available for every search result, and there may be search result pages where different publishers checked the same claim and reached different conclusions. These fact checks are not Google’s and are presented so people can make more informed judgments.” Any publisher can apply to add fact-checks to news results, but Google will determine which appear in the results using their own search algorithms. The new feature comes on the heels of social media giant Facebook introducing tips for their users to help differentiate between real and fake news. Both organizations were widely criticized throughout the 2016 presidential election for helping facilitate the spread of misinformation. Google said they are not paying any of the fact-checking organizations for their contributions, nor will the fact-check label affect the order of search results.     Share Tweet Rate this story 22% 0% 3% 66% 9% Recommended from the Web Other Must-Read Stories 51 Comments Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! Menu × Radio TV Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Tips Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! © 2017 TheBlaze, Inc. Your use of or registration on this site constitutes your acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy × Menu TV Channels Radio myVoice My Profile Subscription Saved Following Comments Invite Friends Help Logout × × Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! × × Comment Section FAQ I'm not seeing my post to MyVoice. How come? Approved posts to MyVoice will be live on the site within a few hours. MyVoice is for posting intelligent, engaging, entertaining and thought-provoking commentary and stories, so following these guidelines will help get your post prioritized and noticed. Why is there a red near my name? Moderators assign strikes for violations of our comment policy. Strikes will disappear automatically in 24 hours, provided you have no further violations. However, if you earn three strikes within 24 hours, your account will be temporary suspended. How can I delete my comments after I’ve posted them? Please email moderation@theblaze.com to let us know you would like it removed. I’m having trouble editing and replying to comments, or I’m getting an error when I try to post. What can I do? If you notice something is not working as expected, please email us at moderation@theblaze.com. What should I do if I see someone causing trouble? You can report offending posts by clicking on the little flag icon below every post. This will automatically inform our moderators. If you spot a troublemaker, you can also email us at moderation@theblaze.com. × × Community Rules Speak your mind. Please be respectful of our rules and community. Asking people to upvote you or your post are not allowed. No spam, abuse, obscenities, off-topic comments, racial or ethnic slurs, threats, hate, comments that incite violence or excessive use of flagging permitted. Please be respectful of our community and spread some love. Any of the following may result in a permanent ban: Spam Abusive Obscene language Obscene photos Off-topic comments Racial or ethnic slurs Threats of any kind Hate messages Excessive use or the flagging (report as spam) feature Asking people to upvote your comments or posts For more information, please see our Terms of Use. Now, go have fun and speak your mind!   × × ×
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Technology US regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Associated Press By Associated Press April 7 at 7:44 PM SAN FRANCISCO — Government investigators looking into how Google pays its employees have accused the tech giant of shortchanging women doing similar work to men. A U.S. Department of Labor official disclosed the agency’s allegations during a Friday court hearing in San Francisco. “We found systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce,” Janette Wipper, a Labor Department regional director, testified, according to a report published by The Guardian. Google said it vehemently disagreed with the charges, which the Mountain View, California, company said it hadn’t heard until Wipper’s court appearance. “Every year, we do a comprehensive and robust analysis of pay across genders and we have found no gender pay gap,” Google said in its statement. Google and other technology companies have been trying to improve hiring practices that have historically doled out most of their technical jobs to white and Asian men. Their efforts to strike a better balance have been mostly unsuccessful so far. For instance, only 19 percent of Google’s technology jobs are held by women. Overall, nearly one-third of Google’s more than 70,000 workers are women. The Labor Department’s probe evolved from a lawsuit filed in January seeking to bar Google doing business with the federal government unless the company complied with an audit of its employee-compensation records. Google has said it has turned over some of the requested records, but withheld other information that it believes would invade its workers’ privacy. While Google and its peers have been disclosing embarrassing sexual and racial imbalances in their workforces for the past few years, the technology industry so far has kept its compensation practices a closely guarded secret. The Labor Department is now scrutinizing Silicon Valley for patterns of pay and hiring discrimination under its powers to vet companies that bid for lucrative government contracts. Earlier this year, the Labor Department also sued Oracle, alleging that the business software maker routinely pays white male workers more than their female and non-white counterparts for comparable jobs. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. business technology true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 ‘One word says it all. Asian’: Airbnb host reportedly leaves guest stranded because of her race 2 The U.S. government has withdrawn its request ordering Twitter to identify a Trump critic 3 Obama gave these legal immigrants permission to work. Trump may take it away. 4 She was pregnant and broke. Signing up for Uber drove her into debt. 5 The government is demanding to know who this Trump critic is. Twitter is suing to keep it a secret. Market Watch DJIA -0.03% NASDAQ -0.02% Get quote Last Update: 04/08/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game business technology Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Il Tuo Account - Accedi Subito Segnala Blog Social Blog Redazione Blogorete Ultima Ora Zazoom Social News Che cosa è Chi Siamo Segnala Blog Entra in Zazoom Ascolta Radio Club91 Zazoom Social Blog Attualità Gossip Musica Politica Salute Scienza Spettacolo Tecnologia Web Notizie dalla Rete Siria - Letta: no all'unilateralismo UsaSvezia - attentato: secondo arrestoSiria - Tillerson: reazione russa deludeMyanmar - affonda battello: 20 mortiAmm.Trump chiede stop blocco bando-bisTwitter giù in Borsa - ma mln ai managerMoschea Mestre - 3 giorni per stop cultoSiria. Kerry appoggia raid usaTrump nomina ex consigliere G.W. BushUccisa in casa - fermato il fidanzatoUccisa 19enne a Pietra Ligure : Il fidanzato confessaRoberta Tirrito non conferma e non smentisce il flirt con Valentino ...India : trovata bimba Mowgli che viveva nella foresta con gli animaliPapa Benedetto XVI : Ratzinger non è la persona che cede a pressioniBallando con le stelle : Giuliana De Sio e l'esibizione sexyIsola dei Famosi : Raz Degan ha tradito Paola Barale? Ad Amsterdam in piazza mano nella mano contro l'omofobiaOmicidio Silvio Fanella : assolti 4 presunti mandantiSono un bambino sporco : Genitori condannatiUdine : Violenta ex moglie e poi si suicida Google Exec' s Killer Alix Tichelman Ordered Deported to Canada The prostitute dubbed the Harbor Hooker -- convicted in the killing of a Google Executive -- has ... Segnalato da : tmz Commenta Google Exec's Killer Alix Tichelman Ordered Deported to Canada (Di venerdì 7 aprile 2017) The prostitute dubbed the "Harbor Hooker" -- convicted in the killing of a Google Executive -- has reportedly been Ordered Deported back to Canada. Alix Tichelman completed her jail sentence March 29 but that morning she was handed over to… La notizia completa su tmz Feds detain prostitute who gave Google executive drug shot : Federal immigration officials have detained Alix Tichelman after she completed a jail sentence for involuntary manslaughter after she gave a Google executive a fatal overdose of heroin. Mostra altre notizie : Google Exec' s ... Live Video Breaking News Segui gli aggiornamenti dei fatti più importanti dal mondo. © Articolo pubblicato secondo le condizioni dell' Autore. Zazoom - Permalink Cerca Tag : Google Exec Google Exec Killer Alix Tichelman Di' la tua e commenta questo post! Top News Microsoft: più trasparenza e controllo su privacy ... Udine : Violenta ex moglie e poi si suicida Cecilia Rodriguez strepitosa in bikini Ballando con le stelle : Giuliana De Sio e ... Papa Benedetto XVI : Ratzinger non è la persona ... Blogorete KATIE HOPKINS: I'd like to support ... USA, 31 anni di raid punitivi: una ... Calabria, 18enne muore all'improvviso ... La Russia di Putin sta per rispondere ... Ecco come la classe ha aiutato Simone Siria, Letta: no all'unilateralismo Usa 20 killed when ferry capsizes in Burma Cosa c’è stasera in tv? I film e i ... Tweets Seguici in Rete Facebook Twitter Google RSS Feed Segui @zazoomblog Segui Zazoom sul tuo tablet o smartphone Zazoom Social News © 2011 - 2017 | Zazoom | Social Blog | Ultime Notizie | Radio Club 91 | Chi Siamo | Cosa è | Termini e Condizioni
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology Uber: We did not steal Google's self-driving tech Dave Lee North America technology reporter 7 April 2017 From the section Technology These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-39536347 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Uber's fleet is being tested in various locations across the US Uber has said claims it used self-driving technology stolen from Google were “demonstrably false”. Waymo - a company spun out of Google - filed a lawsuit in February claiming former employee Andrew Levandowski had stolen 14,000 documents relating to LiDAR, a core technology used to guide autonomous vehicles. Mr Levandowski went on to co-found Otto, a self-driving truck company acquired by Uber for $660m last year. Waymo requested a judge grant an injunction on the use of the disputed technology, which could take Uber’s self-driving fleet - currently being tested in a few locations in the US - off the roads. At a hearing earlier this week, Uber sought to convince a judge that an injunction would be unfair. "Waymo's injunction motion is a misfire,” said Angela Padilla, a lawyer for Uber, in a statement on Friday. "There is no evidence that any of the 14,000 files in question ever touched Uber's servers, and Waymo's assertion that our multi-lens LiDAR is the same as their single-lens LiDAR is clearly false.” Part of Uber’s defence is also an admission that it lags behind its competitors in the autonomous race. It said while it has been developing its own LiDAR tech, it has so far needed to rely on third-party companies to provide the system for its cars. "If Waymo genuinely thought that Uber was using its secrets, it would not have waited more than five months to seek an injunction,” Ms Padilla added. "Waymo doesn't meet the high bar for an injunction, which would stifle our independent innovation - probably Waymo's goal in the first place." Pleading the fifth Waymo argued that blueprints, mistakenly sent to Waymo via email last December, showed Uber’s plans to use the stolen designs in future. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Waymo was spun out of Google earlier this year as the company seeks to commericalise its technology The company dismissed Uber’s assertion that none of the files were on its servers by pointing out that the firm’s search had not been able to include the computer belonging to the man at the centre of the controversy, Mr Levandowski. At a recent court hearing, held in private but leaked to the press, Mr Levandowski invoked his Fifth Amendment rights, a constitutional clause that allows US citizens to resist any request to share information that could put them at risk of self-incrimination. The presiding judge advised that Uber should be firmer with Mr Levandowski in order to get access to the files - such as threatening to fire him if he did not co-operate. "If you cannot find them in your files there is going to be a preliminary injunction,” Judge William Alsup warned Uber. "You're not denying it, no one is denying he has the 14,000 files. You keep on your payroll someone who took 14,000 documents and is liable to use them.” He added: "This is an extraordinary case. I have never seen a record this strong in 42 years. So you are up against it.” _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Follow Dave Lee on Twitter @DaveLeeBBC You can reach Dave securely through encrypted messaging app Signal on: +1 (628) 400-7370 Related Topics Google Uber Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More from Dave More Technology stories Top Stories US 'disappointed' at Russia's Syria stance Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he is 'not surprised' by Russia's reaction to the US strikes. 8 April 2017 Stockholm suspect 'was the lorry driver' 8 April 2017 Eta militants begin arms handover 8 April 2017 News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
News Opinion Tech Reviews Events Webcasts Job Zone Newsletters Social Media Facebook @LibraryJournal @LJReviews Tumblr April 8, 2017 Contact Us Masthead Contact the Reviews Editors LJ Social Media Print Subscriptions Advertise Awards Submissions News, Features, Feedback, etc. Submitting Titles to the LJ Book Review About Diversity Privacy Policy Comment Policy Terms of Use Library Journal Library News, Reviews, and Views Loading ... Latest Stories Publishing & Industry News Architecture, Buildings, & Facilities ALA Conferences & Meetings More Categories Features 2017 Movers & Shakers Year in Architecture Star Libraries Placements and Salaries Survey Library of the Year Best Small Library in America Librarian of the Year Paralibrarian of the Year INFOdocket Academic Academic Movers Technology Managing Libraries Budgets & Funding Marketing Library Services Lead the Change Careers People Placements & Salaries LIS Education Job Zone Reviews Prepub Alert Audio in Advance Collection Development Readers’ Advisory What We’re Reading Opinion Columns Backtalk Self Publishing and Libraries by James LaRue Peer to Peer Review by Various From the Bell Tower by Steven Bell Not Dead Yet by Cheryl LaGuardia Leading from the Library by Steven Bell The User Experience by Aaron Schmidt Office Hours by MIchael Stephens Blatant Berry by John N. Berry III, Editor-at-Large Editorial Blogs Annoyed Librarian INFOdocket by Gary Price Digital Libraries by Roy Tennant In the Bookroom Subscribe to LJ Subscribe to Library Hotline LJ for iPad Book Verdict Subscribe to Email Newsletters Awards Research Case Studies Professional Development The 5 Essentials for Creating Community-Centered Libraries | Online Course Social Media Made Simple | Online Course Fighting Fake News | Online Course Designing a People-Focused Library | Online Course Designing the Future: A Design Thinking Workshop | Live Event In-Person Staff Training | Live Workshops Events Day of Dialog Design Institute Directors’ Summit The Digital Shift SELF-e SELF-e Submissions You are here: Home / Academic Libraries / The First Year | College Readiness The First Year | College Readiness By Lauren Barack on May 25, 2016 1 Comment Photo credit: Purestock/Thinkstock Heather Moorefield-Lang has witnessed the face of freshman terror when the first-year students walk into the college library at the University of South Carolina in Columbia, are confronted by two million books, and don’t know where to start. As an assistant professor at the School of Library and Information Sciences, she knows that relieving that angst is her job. “We find students search on Google, decide the first hit is the right one, and then go on with their day,” says Moorefield-Lang. “We also have students who come in and believe if something is on the Internet it must be true. We would like them to know the difference between information that’s research-based [or not] and [between] a scholarly and popular resource.” Preparing students for college is the endeavor of most high school educators. Librarians, in particular, understand the research and critical thinking abilities a college education requires. But often many find themselves hamstrung. If the school has a librarian at all, their scarce resources of time, money, and space may be taken up with test prep requirements at the expense of things such as subscriptions to databases, which nearly every college student will need to know how to navigate. Public libraries, of course, must juggle supporting students with the rest of their constituents—and can only reach those who choose to ask for research help. College librarians, and others who work closely with college freshmen, understand that their high school colleagues are already pressed to do much with little. Yet that doesn’t mean they don’t have a wish list of what first-year students should come armed with in terms of scholarly skills. Pulling the plug on Google As the director of undergraduate programs at Yale University, New Haven, CT, Emily Horning says many incoming students are familiar with databases, but Google dependency is still fairly ­common. So Horning and her colleagues often work with students to refine keyword searches and locate details they need. Her goal is to help them find source materials they wouldn’t discover with a search engine—and have them understand that they’re expected to do this kind of in-depth work at this point in their education. “They realize that the kind of sources their professors will want to see are things they can find in the library,” she says. “Not necessarily poking around on Google.” Nonetheless, students sometimes push back at instruction on how to use databases, or how to work around a gap in the scholarly record. Eliot ­Finkelstein of the College Library at the University of Wisconsin-Madison (UW-M) says students will say they’re switching topics because they can’t find any information on their initial idea. Finkelstein, public services librarian and instruction coordinator for the university’s undergraduate library, knows this attitude reflects today’s culture, in which Google results come up in a nanosecond. But, he says, that’s the antithesis of what college, or scholarly, work is about. Instead, he wants students to understand they’re contributing to a conversation—and are expected to put forward a new, original thought. To do that? Students must invest their time and ideally their excitement. “Research is messy,” says Finkelstein. “If there’s nothing on your topic, or you’re not finding anything, maybe that’s a good thing. Then you can add a point of view that hasn’t been explored and find other sources that can help you bring that out. It’s a discovery process.” Plagiarism school Working with students who don’t know how to quote or cite other people’s materials properly is another hurdle college librarians face. Yale’s Horning sends students to reference books or online sites such as Zotero and EndNote, which can help them format their materials quickly and accurately. Still, there are students who just don’t understand that they must credit others and that failing to do so is plagiarism and not allowed in college. Kent State University, OH, actually runs a so-called plagiarism school, managed by librarians for students who have been caught plagiarizing. The librarians walk the offenders through their papers, explaining the proper method of attribution. If the students get help with the citations, they can sometimes still get a grade for that work, albeit lower than what they would have gotten had they cited appropriately in the first place. “We also have sessions to explain what plagiarism is,” says Jasmine Jefferson, a first-year experience librarian at Kent State. “But students can only come to plagiarism school once.” Freshman wish list Even as college librarians understand, and voice their recognition, that high school librarians are working with limitations, they still wish freshmen had, at least, some familiarity with writing a research paper. “Something beyond a report,” says Sherri Saines, a reference librarian at Ohio University’s Vernon Alden Library in Athens. “A writing exercise in which the student gathers information, digests it, learns something from it, and then writes about it. Our students come without that experience, which is surprising. I have talked with high school librarians, and they say, ‘I lost all that time because of testing.’ It makes me want to scream.” Allison Mackley gets that concern. That’s why the teacher-librarian and library department chair at Hershey High School, PA, runs a semesterlong class called “Ethical Research from Passion to Purpose,” with the end result an original research paper. “The class is becoming more popular because kids realize they need these skills when they start college,” she says. “One student also got an internship in Washington, DC, based on her project, the use of social media in political campaigns.” Cathy Jo Nelson wants to help her 2,400 students at Paul M. Dorman High School in Roebuck, SC, so she invests heavily in databases so the high schoolers are familiar with these online resources before they start college. Nelson estimates the school has about 30 databases available, some paid for by the state and about seven paid for by the school. “Every year the purchase order crosses [the principal’s] desk and he asks if these are necessary,” she says. “We have to justify it every year. But we have a heavy emphasis on making our students college career ready. And one way we do that is by beefing up on subscription databases to make sure [our students are] exposed to what their college environment will be as well.” IdaMae Craddock starts even younger. As the librarian at Burley Middle School (BMS) in Charlottesville, VA, Craddock gets her sixth to eighth graders started by building annotated bibliographies. The middle schoolers learn how to use citations and are taught to recognize a reliable source—and what is not. Craddock knows how important research skills are during the college years. Before working at BMS, she spent three years as the school librarian at Monticello High School, also in Charlottesville, working with AP English students on their research projects, helping them to locate and spot reliable and primary sources. “That’s especially important now at the middle school as we have a Maker Lab in the library,” says Craddock. “So whatever the students want to make, the instructions need to be from a reliable source.” Building partnerships When she was at the high school, Craddock says she partnered with a librarian at the University of Virginia who would come to the school to talk with students about college-level research. She also arranged a field trip so students could find primary sources on their own. Other colleges, among them Kent State and UW-M, say they support that back-and-forth with the high schools in their area. Yet whenever the students show up—as high schoolers or college freshmen—librarians want that first experience of exploring a college library to remain fun. If students feel criticized for not knowing how to research a paper, properly source material, or locate information they need for a project, they’re not only less likely to do well—they’re less likely to ask for help again. Getting hung up on where they are and putting added stress on their experience will only alienate students further. And that doesn’t help them—nor the college hoping to provide their education. “We take them where they are,” says Virginia Tech instruction librarian Carolyn Meier. “We move them forward and show them all the cool stuff we have and what we can do to help them. The more positive you are, the more excited you are, the happier they will be. If you approach them with, ‘This is how you can do this, and it’s easy’ rather than, ‘Why didn’t you learn this in high school?’ it [opens] a better frame of mind for them and a better frame of mind for us.” This article was published in Library Journal's May 15, 2016 issue. Subscribe today and save up to 35% off the regular subscription rate. Filed Under: Academic Libraries, Featured, LJ in Print Tagged With: college readiness, information literacy, LJ_2016_May_15 Discussion: View 1 Comment Start Planning the Library of the Future Hosted by Library Journal in partnership with Columbus Metropolitan Library on—in its newly renovated Main Library—our May 5 installment of this day-long library building and design event will bring you the latest trends in library design. LEARN MORE   |   REGISTER NOW Comments green airport limo says: April 7, 2017 at 7:36 pm A GPS car tracking system from a reputable firm provides important benefits that help you manage your fleet. Reply Comment Policy: Be respectful, and do not attack the author, people mentioned in the article, or other commenters. Take on the idea, not the messenger. Don't use obscene, profane, or vulgar language. Stay on point. Comments that stray from the topic at hand may be deleted. Comments may be republished in print, online, or other forms of media, per our Terms of Use. We are not able to monitor every comment that comes through (though some comments with links to multiple URLs are held for spam-check moderation by the system). If you see something objectionable, please let us know. Once a comment has been flagged, a staff member will investigate. We accept clean XHTML in comments, but don't overdo it and please limit the number of links submitted in your comment. For more info, see the full Terms of Use. Speak Your Mind Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Recent & Popular Recent Posts Most Commented Most Viewed OPeri Publishing Platform | Field Reports eCollections Management: A Case for Vendor Support Disaster Recovery | Product Spotlight Library People News: Hires, Promotions, Retirements, and Obituaries Sleeper Hits for Summer 2017 Open Access: Advocating for Change Jamillah Gabriel, Thinking Outside (and Inside) the Box Robyn Saunders | Movers & Shakers 2017 – Community Builders Krista Welz | Movers & Shakers 2017 – Educators Sandy Tharp-Thee | Movers & Shakers 2017 – Advocates Tonya Angelique Garcia | Movers & Shakers 2017 – Innovators Brandy McNeil | Movers & Shakers 2017 – Educators Amie Wright | Movers & Shakers 2017 – Educators Cynthia Mari Orozco | Movers & Shakers 2017 – Advocates Protecting Patron Privacy Preliminary Budget Slashes Library, Arts, Culture, Education Agencies Reginald Burnette Jr. & Anthony Propernick | Movers & Shakers 2017 – Innovators Sophie Maier | Movers & Shakers 2017 – Change Agents Finding and Filling Needs | 2017 LibraryAware Community Award D. Joshua Taylor | Movers & Shakers 2017 – Educators Mastering Marketing | Library Promotion INFOdocket by Gary Price Report: FCC Chairman Said to be Planning Rollback of Net-Neutrality Regulations Public Library News Roundup UK: U. of Cambridge Library Shares Data About eBook Usage During 2016 Indianapolis: ‘Structural Issues’ Force Kurt Vonnegut Museum and Library and Museum to Find New Home Preprint: “Amending Published Articles: Time to Rethink Retractions and Corrections?” News Roundup SPONSORED CONTENT The State of the STEM Economy (Infographic) Community Needs Dictate Local Library Functions How Wide is the Gap Between Librarians and Faculty? (Infographic) Patrons Less Aware of How Libraries Are Used Removal of Collections Causes Concern Among Library Patrons SPONSORED CONTENT 3 Fixes for The Most Common Library Marketing Mistakes Library UX: 3 Rules for A Beautiful Website On Any Budget 3 Common Mistakes in Working With Homeless Patrons What Your Homeless Patrons Can Do For You Homelessness Training with Ryan Dowd Advertisement About Library Journal Contact Us Masthead Contact the Reviews Editors LJ Social Media Print Subscriptions Advertise Awards Submissions News, Features, Feedback, etc. Submitting Titles to the LJ Book Review About Diversity Privacy Policy Comment Policy Terms of Use On Twitter Tweets by @LibraryJournal On Facebook Top of Page Copyright Library Journal © 2017
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [March 2017] Yesterday GOOG: 824.67 -3.21 Maker of popular Vive VR app SoundStage, Logan Olson, is joining Google’s VR team Stephen Hall - Apr. 7th 2017 3:08 pm PT @hallstephenj Google VR SoundStage View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The maker of the popular Vive virtual reality app SoundStage, Logan Olson, has joined the VR team at Google. After about a year since first becoming available in its primitive early release version, the SoundStage app — which, for those out of the loop, lets you create music in a brightly-colored VR environment — just recently hit its 1.0 release on Steam. Now, Logan is moving on… Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services “We’re excited to welcome Logan to the Google VR team,” a Google spokesperson told The Verge in a statement regarding the hire. “As a leader in thinking about creating in VR with his app SoundStage, we’re really inspired by what he’s built and for the potential for VR and creativity.“ The SoundStage app has been billed as the Tilt Brush for music (as an aside, you definitely need to check out Tilt Brush if you haven’t already). Over the course of its development the app was primarily made to work with the HTC Vive VR headset, but it recently became available for the Oculus Rift as well. Now, the app is effectively dead since Olson is joining Google. But worry not, Google apparently told The Verge that the company will “build on what he’s learned for existing and upcoming products.” It wouldn’t surprise me at all to see similar apps and ideas come out of Google’s in-house VR team in the coming years. Among the VR experiences I’ve tried, Tilt Brush has been one of the most compelling, and I’m sure SoundStage would be as well if I ever gave it a shot. Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Google VR View THe Guide SoundStage View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Google’s crackdown causes fake Maps listings… Google’s crackdown causes fake Maps listings to drop by 70 percent since 2015 By Christian de Looper — April 7, 2017 3:37 PM Subscribe Share Twindesign/123RF Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Google Maps is a tool to get from point A to point B -- but it could lead you astray if a fake listing gets through. Since 2015, the company has reduced such listings by 70 percent. Google Maps is getting more accurate. The internet giant said it has taken a number of steps over the past few years to reduce fake results popping up in Google Maps — and they appear to be working. The number of fake listings has fallen by a whopping 85 percent, and those fake listings, Google says, are identified before they even appear on Google Maps. Google has also reduced the number of fake live listings by 70 percent compared to the peak reached in June 2015. More: Watch this astounding trip around the world, made entirely from Google Maps The fake listings come largely from Google My Business, which itself extends over to Google Maps and even Google Search. Many of the fake listings are an attempt by people to defraud businesses or sometimes to extort customers. Google also commissioned a study from the University of California, San Diego, to get a little more insight into abuse on Google Maps — so that it could continue to improve listings on Maps. According to the study, roughly two out of five fake listings were bad actors posing as locksmiths, plumbers, electricians, and so on. Despite the fact that Google routinely discovered and disabled the fake listings, the perpetrators would still cycle through different addresses and VoIP phone numbers. Around 10 percent of fake listings actually belonged to legitimate businesses — like hotels and restaurants — which scammers then claimed ownership of. These scams affected customers as well. Booking a hotel room online, for example, might seem exactly like the real thing, but the businesses were then being told to pay referral fees. There are a number of ways that Google is reducing fake listings on Maps. For starters, the company is prohibiting bulk registrations at most addresses, and preventing companies from listing new addresses a long distance away without valid verification.
Home News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports First Four Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Katie’s Quick Tips Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy 35° F Few Clouds Hi: 47° F Lo: 30° F Forecast Weather Blog 2 Weather Alerts 1 Closing Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines Tipp City bookstore gives sneak peak after a fire closed its doors 12:36 am “Well it’s been an adventure,” said store owner Bill Jones. California math: 1 vote = $500 million in road, rail work April 7, 2017 SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — How much is one vote worth in the California state Senate? A half-billion dollars, if it’s linked to a big tax hik… US regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers April 7, 2017 Dayton Public Schools speaks out against allegations of athletic misconduct 12:02 am Syrian students speaks out on Syria conflict April 7, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 35° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 29° F Wind: NW 7 Humidity: 67% Dewpoint: 25° F Sunrise: 7:11 AM Sunset: 8:07 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports First Four Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Captains take 2 from Dragons on Friday night April 7, 2017 Todd Isaacs blasted two home runs to lead the Lake County Captains to a doubleheader sweep of the Dayton Dragons on Friday night at Fifth Th… Garrett dazzled in debut Reds blank Cards 2-0 April 7, 2017 Amir Garrett pitched two-hit ball for six innings to win his major league debut, a sharp start for the former St. John’s basketball player a… Roethlisberger plans to return in 2017 April 7, 2017 Tim Tebow homers in 1st AB as Mets minor leaguer April 7, 2017 Lorenzen’s pinch-hit HR sends Reds over Phillies April 6, 2017 Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Katie’s Quick Tips Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Latest Headlines Local kids to be featured on “Little Big Shots” April 7, 2017 Pet of the Week April 7, 2017 JDRF Boa and Bow Tie Ball April 7, 2017 Oberer’s Easter flowers April 7, 2017 April’s First Friday April 7, 2017 More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Search for: Search the site 35° F Few Clouds Hi: 47° F Lo: 30° F US regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers By Associated Press Published: April 7, 2017, 7:03 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FILE - This Oct. 20, 2015, file photo, shows a sign outside Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Government investigators looking into how Google pays its employees accused the tech giant of shortchanging women doing similar work to men. A U.S. Department of Labor official disclosed the agency’s allegations during a Friday court hearing in San Francisco. The Guardian reported on the testimony of Janette Wipper, a regional director for the Labor Department. Google says it vehemently disagreed with the charges of sex discrimination, which the Mountain View, California, company said it hadn’t heard until Wipper’s court appearance. Google and other technology companies have been trying to improve hiring practices that have historically doled out most of their technical jobs to white and Asian men. Their efforts to strike a better balance have been mostly unsuccessful so far. Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here. Don’t miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts President of embattled Uber leaves after 6 months on job After argument with driver, Uber CEO promises to ‘grow up’ Uber pays $20 million to settle claims of driver deception Feds, states square off in court over Trump travel ban Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2017 WDTN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 135 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares209 Development Google News Starting on April 10th Google plans on pushing out an update to the sign-in page for Google accounts. This change is meant to further unify the sign-in process across your various devices. Although the news was posted to the G Suite Developers blog, we do fully expect this change to affect all Google accounts on all browsers, mobile browsers, and iOS apps (Android apps should not be affected). Google's SSO will also see additional changes beyond the purely cosmetic, as a new permissions grant redirect will be added to the login process, and permissions requested by a site or service will be more explicitly stated. The privacy-conscious will be excited to hear that Google is making such an effort to ensure a greater awareness on the part of users when it comes to privacy and consent in the use of third party services. Unfortunately, the permission request pane will no longer list what Google considers to be "standard" permission requests, presumably including basic account information. At least Google is making some effort to increase privacy awareness during login, even going so far as to increase the burden of responsibility for that privacy on developers by requiring contact information to be listed at a link on the permissions page. These aren't the only changes to login Google will be making. The use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe after April 20th, so if you are a developer relying on a webview redirect for OAuth to grant permissions you should consider changing to the official methods very soon before it breaks. Even some large companies like Airbnb and Pocket still haven't updated to the new methods, so it's worth taking a look. The rollout for the new sign-in is expected to be quite extended, potentially requiring more than two weeks for full visibility, so don't be surprised if you don't notice any changes to your sign-in process for a while. Most people probably won't notice much of a change beyond the cosmetic, anyway (although, our readers certainly aren't most people). Source: Google Support, G Suite Updates, G Suite Developers Blog, Medium Tags Google login Google SSO google+ sign in permissions privacy SSO subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay ... Next Story Fact Check goes global for Search and Google News results Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Trooper311 Was wondering when this was going to be rolling out. Thanks. Josh Crumley Of all the companies out there taking our personal data and using it for profit, Google is by far the least secretive about it. I'm glad they're making the permissions more detailed. Pixelexel I don't trust any company with my data other than Google. Kanoosh i don't even really trust google , but they are the least worst imo so i i go with them. :) HSidhu Google won't give your data to anyone, your Data is their power. Kanoosh never assume just because someone tells you something , that it is true.. i still hold plenty of caution with google as should everyone else.. no tin foil hats here, just reality of things... but i do hold them in higher regard for my personal data then any others , just always good to be safe. catalysto It's not just because "someone said so". It's because if Google was ever caught actually selling/releasing user data, they'd be completely screwed. Their entire business model depends on them keeping your data private. Sophia <-Everyone wants to make some extra money by part time jobs. here we are giving you the opportunity to earn extra money from home. Most of the people need a secondary income(part time jobs) to meet their financial needs. Home free jobs does share Four Methods to earn money. If you are interested, then join.!➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS vmxr you shouldn't trust any company at all all companies care about one thing Profit catalysto That is entirely untrue. Many business are not in it for the money. NooSH the only companies that are "not in it for the money" are the ones that go bankrupt and you never hear from them again.. don't ever be so naive to think a companies best interest is the consumer... it NEVER is. Portzblitz I pretty sure he/she's kidding. NooSH that's why i didn't go off with a rant instead just stuck to a more "light" reply haha.. juuuust incase. Summerer The 'keep me logged in' button will be removed and instead you will always stay logged in until you explicitly logout in a browser. Seems kinda insecure or at least intransparent for the average user Devin Rodriguez Honestly it's never been very effective for me anyway. Every few days I found myself having to re-enter my password and sometimes even my 2FA regardless of whether I checked the box or not. Rabia Atta they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Devin Rodriguez What? Indefinite Implosion they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Ryne Hager I agree, I think he was fairly clear on that point. Devin Rodriguez Oh, okay. BC This is interesting and I do like the the fact that the permissions are highlighted more than they were before. This is a good thing indeed! Bikram Agarwal ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe Thank god. I absolutely hate apps that do that for Google / Facebook / Twitter permission request. If the first party app is installed, popup permission request screen on those apps. Don't load a webview asking me to login with email, password, 2FA. I wish FB and Twitter will also do what Google is doing now. Drunk Squirrel Like how titanium backup opens a webview of Google sign in in order to backup to Google drive, as opposed to other apps which show up a single pop-up,, correct Ryne Hager Right? They've got libraries for that, why make me enter my information again on a device I'm already logged in on? Imagine all the time that could have been saved. HSidhu hello @ryne Hager aka new guy :) Ryne Hager Yo! Josh Crumley Welcome to the club! Anish Bhalerao Great, informative article. But is this Android Police or Google Police? Sure, Android is from Google, but an article about Unilever cannot (always) be an article about Dove. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 309 1 Year Ago Today Opinion: As Smartphone Innovation Slows, Google's Nexus Program Is More Important Than Ever 2016/04/08 12:29pm PDTApr 8, 2016 89 2 Years Ago Today Google Calendar 5.2 Brings Back The Month View On Phones [APK Download] 2015/04/08 12:49pm PDTApr 8, 2015 6 3 Years Ago Today Pocket Updated To Version 5.4, Includes New Languages, Immersive Mode, And More 2014/04/08 5:52pm PDTApr 8, 2014 48 4 Years Ago Today The More I Watch This Virgin Mobile Ad Luring T-Mobile Customers Away With $100, The More It Makes Sense And That Scares Me 2013/04/08 8:35pm PDTApr 8, 2013 10 5 Years Ago Today PSA: You Can Now Send CyanogenMod Builds To ROM Manager With One Click Right From The Web 2012/04/08 8:05pm PDTApr 8, 2012 2 6 Years Ago Today Samsung DROID Charge Launching April 14 At Sears, Incredible 2 To Follow On April 21 2011/04/08 5:23pm PDTApr 8, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Google Turns On Universal Suggest In Mobile Search 2010/04/08 9:34pm PDTApr 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 97 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 121 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 24 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.658s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 135 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares209 Development Google News Starting on April 10th Google plans on pushing out an update to the sign-in page for Google accounts. This change is meant to further unify the sign-in process across your various devices. Although the news was posted to the G Suite Developers blog, we do fully expect this change to affect all Google accounts on all browsers, mobile browsers, and iOS apps (Android apps should not be affected). Google's SSO will also see additional changes beyond the purely cosmetic, as a new permissions grant redirect will be added to the login process, and permissions requested by a site or service will be more explicitly stated. The privacy-conscious will be excited to hear that Google is making such an effort to ensure a greater awareness on the part of users when it comes to privacy and consent in the use of third party services. Unfortunately, the permission request pane will no longer list what Google considers to be "standard" permission requests, presumably including basic account information. At least Google is making some effort to increase privacy awareness during login, even going so far as to increase the burden of responsibility for that privacy on developers by requiring contact information to be listed at a link on the permissions page. These aren't the only changes to login Google will be making. The use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe after April 20th, so if you are a developer relying on a webview redirect for OAuth to grant permissions you should consider changing to the official methods very soon before it breaks. Even some large companies like Airbnb and Pocket still haven't updated to the new methods, so it's worth taking a look. The rollout for the new sign-in is expected to be quite extended, potentially requiring more than two weeks for full visibility, so don't be surprised if you don't notice any changes to your sign-in process for a while. Most people probably won't notice much of a change beyond the cosmetic, anyway (although, our readers certainly aren't most people). Source: Google Support, G Suite Updates, G Suite Developers Blog, Medium Tags Google login Google SSO google+ sign in permissions privacy SSO subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay ... Next Story Fact Check goes global for Search and Google News results Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Trooper311 Was wondering when this was going to be rolling out. Thanks. Josh Crumley Of all the companies out there taking our personal data and using it for profit, Google is by far the least secretive about it. I'm glad they're making the permissions more detailed. Pixelexel I don't trust any company with my data other than Google. Kanoosh i don't even really trust google , but they are the least worst imo so i i go with them. :) HSidhu Google won't give your data to anyone, your Data is their power. Kanoosh never assume just because someone tells you something , that it is true.. i still hold plenty of caution with google as should everyone else.. no tin foil hats here, just reality of things... but i do hold them in higher regard for my personal data then any others , just always good to be safe. catalysto It's not just because "someone said so". It's because if Google was ever caught actually selling/releasing user data, they'd be completely screwed. Their entire business model depends on them keeping your data private. Sophia <-Everyone wants to make some extra money by part time jobs. here we are giving you the opportunity to earn extra money from home. Most of the people need a secondary income(part time jobs) to meet their financial needs. Home free jobs does share Four Methods to earn money. If you are interested, then join.!➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS vmxr you shouldn't trust any company at all all companies care about one thing Profit catalysto That is entirely untrue. Many business are not in it for the money. NooSH the only companies that are "not in it for the money" are the ones that go bankrupt and you never hear from them again.. don't ever be so naive to think a companies best interest is the consumer... it NEVER is. Portzblitz I pretty sure he/she's kidding. NooSH that's why i didn't go off with a rant instead just stuck to a more "light" reply haha.. juuuust incase. Summerer The 'keep me logged in' button will be removed and instead you will always stay logged in until you explicitly logout in a browser. Seems kinda insecure or at least intransparent for the average user Devin Rodriguez Honestly it's never been very effective for me anyway. Every few days I found myself having to re-enter my password and sometimes even my 2FA regardless of whether I checked the box or not. Rabia Atta they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Devin Rodriguez What? Indefinite Implosion they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Ryne Hager I agree, I think he was fairly clear on that point. Devin Rodriguez Oh, okay. BC This is interesting and I do like the the fact that the permissions are highlighted more than they were before. This is a good thing indeed! Bikram Agarwal ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe Thank god. I absolutely hate apps that do that for Google / Facebook / Twitter permission request. If the first party app is installed, popup permission request screen on those apps. Don't load a webview asking me to login with email, password, 2FA. I wish FB and Twitter will also do what Google is doing now. Drunk Squirrel Like how titanium backup opens a webview of Google sign in in order to backup to Google drive, as opposed to other apps which show up a single pop-up,, correct Ryne Hager Right? They've got libraries for that, why make me enter my information again on a device I'm already logged in on? Imagine all the time that could have been saved. HSidhu hello @ryne Hager aka new guy :) Ryne Hager Yo! Josh Crumley Welcome to the club! Anish Bhalerao Great, informative article. But is this Android Police or Google Police? Sure, Android is from Google, but an article about Unilever cannot (always) be an article about Dove. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 309 1 Year Ago Today Opinion: As Smartphone Innovation Slows, Google's Nexus Program Is More Important Than Ever 2016/04/08 12:29pm PDTApr 8, 2016 89 2 Years Ago Today Google Calendar 5.2 Brings Back The Month View On Phones [APK Download] 2015/04/08 12:49pm PDTApr 8, 2015 6 3 Years Ago Today Pocket Updated To Version 5.4, Includes New Languages, Immersive Mode, And More 2014/04/08 5:52pm PDTApr 8, 2014 48 4 Years Ago Today The More I Watch This Virgin Mobile Ad Luring T-Mobile Customers Away With $100, The More It Makes Sense And That Scares Me 2013/04/08 8:35pm PDTApr 8, 2013 10 5 Years Ago Today PSA: You Can Now Send CyanogenMod Builds To ROM Manager With One Click Right From The Web 2012/04/08 8:05pm PDTApr 8, 2012 2 6 Years Ago Today Samsung DROID Charge Launching April 14 At Sears, Incredible 2 To Follow On April 21 2011/04/08 5:23pm PDTApr 8, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Google Turns On Universal Suggest In Mobile Search 2010/04/08 9:34pm PDTApr 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 97 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 121 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 24 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.658s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed News in brief: Twitter sues US government; Google launches Fact Check; cybersecurity apprenticeship launched 07 Apr 2017 1 Fake news, Google, Law & order, news in brief, Social networks, Twitter Post navigation Previous: Mastodon: new beast to challenge Big Social, or another white elephant? Next: That ‘iPhone Wi-Fi bug’ isn’t just for Apple users – here’s a rundown by Kate Bevan 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Your daily round-up of some of the other stories in the news Twitter sues US government Twitter is pushing back against an attempt by the US government to unmask the user behind an account that has criticised President Donald Trump. The social media platform filed a lawsuit in California on Thursday seeking to block a government order demanding that it reveal who is behind the @ALT_USCIS account, which describes itself as “immigration resistance” and is critical of the president and his moves to restrict immigrants. Twitter has argued that its users are protected by First Amendment rights to “anonymous or pseudonymous political speech”, reported the Financial Times, and Twitter’s lawyers add that the government hasn’t produced any evidence that a criminal or civil offence has been committed. Reuters reported that the lawsuit claims the records are needed for an investigation into taxes, fines and customs and immigration matters. Twitter has a history of resisting demands for information from prosecutors about its users, and the ACLU said on Thursday that it was supporting Twitter in the suit. Google rolls out Fact Check to combat fake news Hard on the heels of Facebook launching its tools to help users identify “fake news”, Google on Friday rolled out its Fact Check feature around the world. The search giant said it would also be extending the feature beyond its Google News service to Search in all languages. On its blog, Google said: “When you conduct a search on Google that returns an authoritative result containing fact checks for one or more public claims, you will see that information clearly on the search results page. The snippet will display information on the claim, who made the claim and the fact check of that particular claim.” Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More Google isn’t carrying out the fact checks itself; they are “presented so that people can make more informed judgments”. Google added: “Even though differing conclusions may be presented, we think it’s still helpful for people to understand the degree of consensus around a particular claim and have clear information on which sources agree.” It’s a long way from perfect, however: the BBC’s technology reporter, Rory Cellan-Jones, flagged up again a somewhat surprising top hit on a search he did about the invention of stairs: clearly this is one piece of fake news that urgently needs a fact-check. London transport authority seeks cybersecurity apprentices London’s transport authority, TfL, has launched a cybersecurity apprenticeship course aimed at school leavers as part of a broader drive to attract young people into software and infrastructure jobs with the organisation. Paying an annual salary of £17,802, the apprenticeship lasts for two years and applicants must have five GCSEs at Grade C or above, including maths and English Language. The apprentices will learn how to analyse security threats, spot potential threats and advise on best practice, says TfL, as well as “support and develop the IT security policy … and learn how to carry out technical tasks”. The job advertisement specifically mentions the growing threat from IoT devices, adding that the “Internet of Things has created an ever-expanding list of technologies which need protection from tampering and hacking to prevent weaknesses being exploited”. If that sounds like you, applications are due by April 19. Photograph: Marisa Allegra Williams (@marisa) for Twitter, Inc. Catch up with all of today’s stories on Naked Security Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @katebevan cybersecurity fake news Google london TfL Twitter Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: Mastodon: new beast to challenge Big Social, or another white elephant? Next: That ‘iPhone Wi-Fi bug’ isn’t just for Apple users – here’s a rundown About the author Kate Bevan Kate is the editor of Naked Security. She's been writing and talking about technology and security for more years than she cares to count. One comment on “News in brief: Twitter sues US government; Google launches Fact Check; cybersecurity apprenticeship launched” Mahhn says: April 7, 2017 at 10:01 pm I really hope that they don’t ever Auto-Filter fake news, as it could destroy all the great sarcasm that gives us a little relief from how horrid the news and politics really is. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Mar22 by Alison Booth 1 Rise of the Twitterbots increases pressure on Twitter chief Dorsey Feb06 by Kate Bevan 3 News in brief: ministers ‘not securing Twitter accounts’; dark web bug bounty; move on fake news in France Oct09 by Lisa Vaas 1 Twitter sues US federal agencies in attempt to remove the gag around surveillance Aug01 by Lee Munson 2 Twitter: 46% rise in requests for user information by governments Jun13 by Lisa Vaas 6 Internet giants call for transparency in government surveillance requests Jan30 by Lisa Vaas 2 Governments increasingly strong-arm Twitter for data SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2017 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed That ‘iPhone Wi-Fi bug’ isn’t just for Apple users – here’s a rundown 07 Apr 2017 1 Google, Vulnerability Post navigation Previous: News in brief: Twitter sues US government; Google launches Fact Check; cybersecurity apprenticeship launched by Paul Ducklin 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Earlier this week, we advised iPhone users to waste no time applying the latest iOS update, even though it came out just five days after Apple’s previous, much bigger update. (The week-before-last’s update was a 700MB blockbuster taking you to iOS 10.3; this week’s was a 30MB point release to 10.3.1.) The story behind the iPhone 10.3.1 update, however, goes well beyond iPhones in particular, beyond iOS, and even well beyond Apple. Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More The bug that was fixed in iOS 10.3.1 was found and reported by Gal Beniamini of Google’s Project Zero, but it wasn’t a bug in iOS. Some of Google’s own flagship phones were affected too – indeed, Beniamini used a Nexus 6P as his guinea pig device during the extensive (and very interestingly described) spelunking he performed while finding and exploiting the hole. The bug isn’t in the the core operating system itself, such as Android or iOS, or in any of the apps that are installed, and the bug doesn’t even involve running unauthorised program code on the CPU of the device itself. Instead, Beniamini decided to test the security of the various peripherals used, well, on the periphery of the device. For example, if you think of a phone as a full-blooded computer, much like your laptop, then that phone is itself connected up to a whole raft of ancillary hardware, such as bluetooth adapters, webcams, cellular modems and Wi-Fi network cards that are essentially Internet of Things (IoT) devices in their own right. In this research project, Beniamini decided to zoom in on Broadcom Wi-Fi hardware, implemented as what’s called an SoC, short for “system on chip”. His motivations were straightforward: Broadcom devices are widely used; he could get his hands on technical documentation for the chips (albeit not of the most current versions); and several Google devices use them, including the Nexus 5, 6 and 6P models, so he had a handy supply of test kit, courtesy of his employer. And, as he himself puts it: Over the years, as a result of the focused attention by security folk, the defenses of code running on the application processor have been reinforced. [. . .] However, attackers tend to follow the path of least resistance. Improving the security of one component will inevitably cause some attackers to start looking elsewhere for an easier point of entry. We’ve seen exactly this sort of “security gap” before when comparing desktop apps, such as browsers, which have had years of serious security attention, and mobile apps, which haven’t. Pwning your Wi-Fi Biniamini found several vulnerabilities in the Broadcom firmware he chose to look at, but one has hogged the news: CVE-2017-0561. This bug is what’s known as a heap overflow vulnerability, where memory used by one part of the software tramples on memory used by another. The heap is the jargon name given to a lump of memory that’s managed by the operating system, with blocks inside the heap allocated temporarily to a process at one point, and taken back when no longer needed. Without a managed memory heap, every process would need to grab onto the maximum amount of memory it might ever need up front, just in case, which would be incredibly inefficient. If you can trample process memory in just the right sort of way, you may be able to orchestrate the way the process misbehaves so that you can control what happens next, such as diverting the CPU’s flow of execution into the data in the buffer you just overflowed. If you can do that, you’ve found a remote code execution (RCE) exploit: without logging in, or entering a password, or going through any other security check, you can take over and run a snippet of malicious software of your choice. Those snippets of malicious software are known in the jargon as shellcode, where code means executable program instructions, and shell is a metaphor that comes from “command shell”, which is what a command prompt window is called in the Unix world. Missed opportunities Thanks to his detailed digging, Biniamini found three modern security practices that Broadcom hadn’t used in the firmware he analysed. The first missed opportunity is what’s known variously as heap cookies, heap canaries, or safe unlinking. Simply put, modern operating systems perform all sorts of additional checks when allocating and deallocating heap memory, for example by placing a randomly-chosen data value between the memory blocks that are dished out for use. This doesn’t stop buffer overflows, and it doesn’t prevent them being exploitable, but it makes the task much harder, and it means that even if an attack can’t be stopped outright, it can often be detected very quickly and mitigated. Every time the system memory manager is triggered, it can run through the list of allocated memory blocks to look for corruption, such as evidence that the tell-tale marker at the end of each block hasn’t been trampled on, which is almost inevitable in the event of a buffer overflow. The name “heap canary” comes from the canary that coal miners used to take underground. A canary would faint in the presence of the explosive mine gas methane and fall off its perch, signalling that the shaft was dangerous. The second missed opportunity is what’s known on Windows as data execution prevention, or DEP for short. That means using features in the CPU itself to denote which parts of memory contain data, rather than code. That way, any attempt – accidental or deliberate – to execute code from a location where data was expected can be detected, reported and blocked. DEP makes heap overflows harder to exploit because you can’t just stick shellcode bytes into your buffer overflow and jump the CPU to it, because the CPU knows that the heap is data, and won’t let it run. And even though the CPU in the affected Broadcom Wi-Fi hardware is very stripped down (it’s an ARM Cortex R4), it nevertheless has an MPU, or Memory Protection Unit. You can set up the Cortex R4 so that your available memory is divided into up to 12 regions, each with its own access control parameters. You can therefore lock down code so it’s executable but not writable, which prevents it being modified unexpectedly; and you can lock down data such as the heap so it’s writable but not executable, which prevents shellcode running from it. Biniamini discovered that the Broadcom firmware had neatly divided up the 4GB address space (not all the address space has to be populated with actual RAM or ROM) something like this: 
Address range            Access control options
-----------------------  ------------------------------
0x00000000 - 0x0FFFFFFF  Readable, Writable, Executable
0x10000000 - 0x1FFFFFFF  Readable, Writable, Executable 
0x20000000 - 0x3FFFFFFF  Readable, Writable, Executable 
0x40000000 - 0x7FFFFFFF  Readable, Writable, Executable 
0x80000000 - 0xFFFFFFFF  Readable, Writable, Executable 
 In other words, the firmware went to the trouble of configuring the MPU yet took no benefit from it: memory was split up into five areas open to everyone,. (Apparently, newer Broadcom Wi-Fi firmware does use the MPU purposefully, meaning that this problem will die out as older devices get retired or updated.) The third missed opportunity is ASLR, or address space layout randomisation, where both your code and its associated data end up in different memory addresses each time. The Broadcom Wi-Fi SoC firmware isn’t stored on the chip itself; instead, the main computer installs a copy of the firmware every time the Wi-Fi chip is restarted, typically when the host device is itself turned off and back on. By rearranging the firmware layout each time, even if only slightly, you make a much less predictable target for a would-be attacker. For example, in Biniamini’s proof-of-concept code showing how to research and exploit this hole, he relies in numerous places on knowing where in memory certain code and data is going to be, with different hard-wired addresses needed for different firmware versions. Making the firmware memory map different on every device by randomising it every time the device starts up means that an attacker can’t rely on known addresses. Once again, ASLR doesn’t make remote code execution exploits impossible – if one part of the system accidentally give away the memory map currently in use, for example, and another part contains a potential remote code execution exploit hole, then the two vulnerabilities can be chained together to form a working exploit. But ASLR combined with DEP makes the job much harder for the crooks. Of course, to be fair to Broadcom, for all that the flaws are in Broadcom’s code, the buck doesn’t stop there. After all, Google, Apple and others who chose to use the affected hardware and firmware in their own devices have to accept their share of responsibility. This is especially true in the case of locked-down devices like iPhones where you can’t apply your own updates even if you want to: the buggy firmware is loaded from the host device’s own file system, so only the vendor can install the update for you. What to do? This RCE exploit can, in theory, be triggered by any other device connected to the same Wi-Fi network as you, but it doesn’t get right inside your device: the crooks are still only the periphery. Nevertheless, we think it’s a problem to have exploitable Wi-Fi firmware, not least because that’s where all your Wi-Fi data gets shovelled in and out, which is why we recommended patching this bug on your iPhone as soon as possible. What’s tricky in this case is being sure exactly which devices are at risk: recent iPhones have already been patched, and so have some Google Nexus and Pixel phones, but we can’t give you a list of other devices that might be affected. The problem is that this particular bug and the current patches for it are more of an example and a symptom than a general fix. We know that one particular Broadcom Wi-Fi SoC running one version of Broadcom’s proprietary firmware is definitely affected using one of the bugs that Biniamini found, because he published a proof-of-concept to demonstrate it. But we also know that Biniamini found the “no DEP” problem on a Nexus 5, which didn’t receive a patch from Google; we can guess that the stripped-down heap management code might be in other widespread Broadcom firmware, too; and we can assume that Broadcom SoCs of the same era don’t make use of ASLR, either. Worse still, Google says it has a second part to this story – a hack whereby an attacker can “pivot” from the Wi-Fi chip to run code on the host device itself – but the company hasn’t published that part yet. In other words, this bug is potentially serious, but in real-life terms, it’s a bit futile to worry too much about it given the unknown number of combinations of hardware, firmware, host devices and operating systems that might be affected. If you’re really worried: Stick to 3G/4G connections and turn Wi-Fi off while you are out and about. Power off and restart your device from time to time, which reloads the Wi-Fi firmware. (Biniamini’s exploit patches the firmware temporarily in memory, not persistently on the host device’s disk.) Ask your vendor or carrier for information, and grab any updates as soon as you can. Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @duckblog Broadcom exploit buffer overflow CVE-2017-0561 Project Zero SoC vulnerability Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: News in brief: Twitter sues US government; Google launches Fact Check; cybersecurity apprenticeship launched About the author Paul Ducklin Paul Ducklin is a passionate security proselytiser. (That's like an evangelist, but more so!) He lives and breathes computer security, and would be happy for you to do so, too. Follow him on Twitter: @duckblog One comment on “That ‘iPhone Wi-Fi bug’ isn’t just for Apple users – here’s a rundown” Mahhn says: April 7, 2017 at 10:13 pm Paul, that’s a really nice level of detail with enough explanation to keep from getting lost. Thank you. I am curios if they are able to overwrite to the WiFi firmware, or if they are using the OS to check/manage the exploit. If they can write to the firmware, I wonder if that could be an exploit in of itself. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Apr04 by Paul Ducklin 3 Update your iPhone to avoid being hacked over Wi-Fi Jan24 by Paul Ducklin 2 Update your Mac and iPhone – and help stop unwanted pwnage Oct25 by John E Dunn 6 Apple iOS users taste Android anxiety with nasty CoreGraphics image flaw Aug26 by Paul Ducklin 11 Apple iOS users, update now – zero-day attack seen in the wild Mar09 by Paul Ducklin 8 Apple fixes FREAK in iOS, OS X and Apple TV – and numerous other holes besides May07 by John Zorabedian 1 Apple admits flaw in email attachment encryption on iPhones and iPads SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2017 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Difference between revisions of "Speaker Series" From MozillaWiki Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 14:30, 22 March 2017 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Program Objectives) ← Older edit Latest revision as of 15:01, 7 April 2017 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Wednesday, May 10, 2017: Adrian Hon (with a very cool topic))   Line 83: Line 83:   * Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT   * Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT   * Topic: ''Coming''   * Topic: ''Coming'' − * Host: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ mchrisriley Sarah Allen] + * Host: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ sarahtallen/ Sarah Allen]   * Speaker: [http://mssv.net/about/ Adrian Hon]   * Speaker: [http://mssv.net/about/ Adrian Hon]   <BLOCKQUOTE><p>Since 2007, Adrian has overseen the creation of all of Six to Start’s main projects, including [http://www.zombiesrungame.com/ Zombies, Run!], We Tell Stories, and Smokescreen, and its research and development projects with clients including Disney Imagineering, the British Museum, and Microsoft. Adrian is also responsible for new concept and product development at Six to Start across a range of media including smartphones and the web.</p>   <BLOCKQUOTE><p>Since 2007, Adrian has overseen the creation of all of Six to Start’s main projects, including [http://www.zombiesrungame.com/ Zombies, Run!], We Tell Stories, and Smokescreen, and its research and development projects with clients including Disney Imagineering, the British Museum, and Microsoft. Adrian is also responsible for new concept and product development at Six to Start across a range of media including smartphones and the web.</p> Latest revision as of 15:01, 7 April 2017 Contents 1 Overview 1.1 Topic Areas 1.2 Speaker Criteria 1.3 Program Objectives 2 Testimonials 3 Upcoming Speakers 3.1 Wednesday, April 26, 2017: American Spies: Jennifer Granick on U.S. Surveillance and its Global Implications 3.2 Wednesday, May 10, 2017: Adrian Hon (with a very cool topic) 3.3 Wednesday, July 20, 2017: Are you an introvert? Myth-busting personality tests with Jennifer Selby-Long 4 Previous Speakers 4.1 Wednesday, March 15, 2017: Building Habit-Forming Products with Nir Eyal 4.2 Wednesday, February 22, 2017: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) 4.3 Wednesday, January 18, 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google 4.4 November 16: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation, with Ashley Good, Fail Forward 4.5 October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that (really) matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation 4.6 September 1: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel 4.7 July 20, 2016: The Invention Cycle with Tina Seelig, Stanford University 4.8 May 26, 2016: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years with Kevin Kelly, Wired 4.9 April 27, 2016: When Change is the Only Constant, with Kirsten Wolberg, PayPal 4.10 March 24, 2016: The Role of a Product Manager with Josh Elman, Greylock Partners 4.11 February 25, 2016: Building Product with Partners - Interview with April Underwood, Slack 4.12 January 27, 2016: The Right Way to Build Software with Jocelyn Goldfein, ex-Facebook 4.13 December 3, 2015: Optimizing for Uncertainty with Mike Arauz, August 4.14 October 22, 2015: Data as Empathy with Frances Haugen, Yelp 4.15 September 24, 2015: Should I Put it on Yammer? The Neuroscience of Online Communications with Deanna Zandt 4.16 August 13, 2015: Build, Measure, Learn: Being a Growth Organization with Hiten Shah, KISSMetrics 4.17 July 23, 2015: Rapid Prototyping with Tom Chi, GoogleX 4.18 May 21, 2015: Onboarding and Team Debt with Kate Heddleston 5 Submitting a Speaker Idea Overview Mozilla hosts speakers from tech, non-profit and other related industries to address topics tied to our mission, our strategy and to our nearer-term business objectives. Topic Areas In 2017, we'll seek topics supporting our 2017 Strategy, working with Mozillians to refine these areas into specific topics: Grow Firefox & From Firefox e.g. user-centered design; user acquisition and retention; metrics & data; teamwork & collaboration; communication Grow New Arease.g. internet of things; artificial intelligence and virtual reality Grow Mozilla e.g. our Issues Agenda including Internet Health e.g. security and privacy, access Speaker Criteria We prefer speakers who: Have practical hands-on experience in their area of expertise (vs. just academic or consulting) Have significant experience public speaking and/or teaching, as well as in their domain of expertise Are willing to customize their material to Mozilla’s specific needs Motivate audiences to both learn and act (as distinguished from purely inspirational “TED”-like talks) Encompass diverse and underrepresented backgrounds, perspectives and geographies Are recommended by other Mozillians Do not promote a commercial or personal agenda The speaker(s) share live from a Mozilla office and are publicly streamed to Mozilla's other offices via Air Mozilla and archived for subsequent viewing. We encourage speakers to allot at least 15-20 minutes for Q&A. Typical in-person attendance at each office is 20-30; additionally roughly 100-200 other attendees tune in live remotely. Follow-on views are available to our thousands of community members and the public. Program Objectives The objectives of the Mozilla Speaker Series are to: Expose Mozilla staff to outside ideas, practices and technologies Facilitate learning, skill-building and professional development Testimonials "Today's speaker challenged my expectations of the internet and of corporate behavior and stimulated good office discussion." --March 2017 "I dislike most presentations. This was among the best I have ever watched." --March 2017 "SUPER INTERESTING talk!!! Glad I had the opportunity to hear Nir speak!" --March 2017 "Today's panel helped me focus on the core problem, which is NOT technology but rather what technology is enabling -- people being jerks and why the technology makes it seem to be OK." --February 2017 "Diversification of inputs makes design more inclusive and helps avoid problems like being wrongly bucketed in a certain demographic. Interesting modes of UX design include the unintuitive slowing down of user interactions, to prevent hasty life decisions based on a heightened emotional response. This is valuable because it is a well thought out piece of a design process - something that I feel like I can take away!" --February 2017 "Laszlo's points were made with enthusiasm, rigor and data. He didn't shy away from the fact the some of the problems are difficult." --January 2017 "AWESOME TOPIC AND ELEGANT SPEAKER, well done!!" --January 2017 "It's rare for companies to be really good at learning from that failure and being diligent in discussing it. Hearing that part of the talk was really valuable to me. I'll try to make a conscious effort to learn from failure." --November 2016 "The concept of reframing failure so others can learn and de-personalizing the sense of responsibility we feel was helpful." --November 2016 "Before Harlo's talk, I also hadn't thought much about the role of freelance journalists and the complexities of protecting people and data who don't necessarily have the shelter of large news organizations. I think there are some implications for Mozilla community there." --October 2016 "Genevieve showed us how designing data-rich experiences for humans often ignores important nuances and dualities that are present in life." --September 2016 "There are human choices built in to the design of our technology systems, and Genevieve provided some examples of this (e.g. turning off mail servers) that I will use." --September 2016 "The opportunity to reflect on the unchanging constants of human behaviour and contrast them with the technology-driven product decisions we often make was illuminating." --September 2016 "When building the next technologies of services, data sets, etc we need to ask ourselves if it plays into what is meaningful to the human race of family/friends, secrets/lies, community. Or we need to solve the challenges that have plagued us, time/reputation/forgetfulness. This is a great basis for Mozilla to start from when "prototyping the future." --September 2016 "The most important thing I learned from Tina was about framing the question, because I often assume that solving the 'function' is solving the problem, when it is not. Zoom out to fall in love with the problem." --July 2016 "Kevin was my favorite speaker yet! Thank you! It was very apropos to the direction we're going with Firefox being the 'personal browser.'" --May 2016 "Please keep it running as long as possible - it's an excellent forum!" --May 2016 "Kirsten was GREAT. I don't think the lessons folks learned as mid-level managers in explosively growing social companies apply to Mozilla. But I do think Wohlberg's lessons apply to us." --April 2016 "This series is really great. Focus on Product seems to be the theme and is a much necessary one for us now. Thanks for bringing them. It really helps." --March 2016 "April addressed some questions that were particularly apropos to a project I'm working on. It was interesting to see how Slack faced the same problem!" --February 2016 "Jocelyn's talk was brilliant. She presented a very insightful and productive way to reframe the conversation about release management. Just what we needed right now. Great choice!" --January 2016 "The speaker was very good, had thought-provoking ideas, yet delivered those ideas in a tasteful and relaxed way. I am likely to share and recommend my friends to go watch the video recording later." --December 2015 "This speaker was especially relevant and valuable because she provided tangible and actionable information in addition to being thought-provoking." -- October 2015 "Seeing speakers like this are really heartening to see at Mozilla. I think it will drive some really impactful change." -- September 2015 "Bringing in subject matter experts from the outside help us push our sometimes-bubble-like thinking. It's very easy to get caught up in our own 'laws' and constraints but hearing best practices such as Hitten will help us open our eyes a bit more. I'm excited because his presentation was spot on and hopefully expanded our horizons a bit." -- August 2015 "Really learned to think differently about a lot of things and also 'argument' differently when discussing new features or ideas. Always think about the user value, and how what you are working on will hinder or improve the user experience." -- July 2015 "This felt like the most interesting speaker so far, perhaps because it was directly relevant to our day-to-day work. He was also quite a good speaker, which helps. Getting people to talk about areas where we think we could do better or use a different perspective seems like a good general strategy." -- July 2015 "I love getting an outside perspective from an expert in an area. We spend a lot of time talking to ourselves so that outside perspective is awesome." -- May 2015 "The talk was engaging and the Paris employees loved the 'Brantina' idea and felt more a part of the conversation." -- May 2015 Upcoming Speakers Wednesday, April 26, 2017: American Spies: Jennifer Granick on U.S. Surveillance and its Global Implications Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT Topic: American Spies: U.S. Surveillance and its Global Implications Intelligence agencies in the U.S. (aka the American Spies) are exceedingly aggressive, pushing and sometimes bursting through the technological, legal and political boundaries of lawful surveillance. Because surveillance law has fallen behind surveillance technology, the U.S. government has unprecedented new powers. At our April Speaker Series, Jennifer Granick will address how Cold War programs led by J. Edgar Hoover and initiatives sparked by the September 11, 2001 tragedy have led us to today’s fusion centers and mosque infiltrators. She will also show how our current state of mass surveillance is fundamentally incompatible with a healthy democracy. A teacher, practitioner and expert in surveillance and security law, Granick will share how the reality of modern surveillance in the U.S. differs from popular understanding, and what U.S. - and global - citizens can do to minimize its negative impact both for Americans and non-Americans around the world. Host: Chris Riley Speaker: Jennifer Granick Jennifer Stisa Granick is the Director of Civil Liberties at the Stanford Center for Internet and Society (CIS) and author of American Spies: Modern Surveillance, Why You Should Care, and What To Do About It (2017). From 2001 to 2007, Granick was Executive Director of CIS and taught Cyberlaw, Computer Crime Law, Internet intermediary liability, and Internet law and policy. From 2007 to 2010 she served as the Civil Liberties Director at the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Granick practices, speaks, and writes about computer crime and security, electronic surveillance, security vulnerability disclosure, encryption policy, and the Fourth Amendment. In March of 2016, she received Duo Security’s Women in Security Academic Award for her expertise in the field as well as her direction and guidance for young women in the security industry. Before teaching at Stanford, Granick spent almost a decade practicing criminal defense law in California. Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Wednesday, May 10, 2017: Adrian Hon (with a very cool topic) Location: Mozilla London + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT Topic: Coming Host: Sarah Allen Speaker: Adrian Hon Since 2007, Adrian has overseen the creation of all of Six to Start’s main projects, including Zombies, Run!, We Tell Stories, and Smokescreen, and its research and development projects with clients including Disney Imagineering, the British Museum, and Microsoft. Adrian is also responsible for new concept and product development at Six to Start across a range of media including smartphones and the web. Adrian is one of the world’s leading online and alternate reality game designers, having been influential in the genre since its birth. Previously, Adrian was Director of Play at Mind Candy, where he designed and produced the Perplex City ARG. Some of the venues at which Adrian has spoken include TED, Google, GDC, Nordic Game and the Montreal Games Summit. Adrian previously studied neuroscience at the University of Cambridge, the University of Oxford, and the University of California at San Diego. Adrian is the author of A History of the Future in 100 Objects and has written about technology for The Telegraph. Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Wednesday, July 20, 2017: Are you an introvert? Myth-busting personality tests with Jennifer Selby-Long Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT Topic: Are you an introvert? Myth-busting personality tests Hosts: Matt Frassica & Tyler Haugen Speaker: Jennifer Selby-Long Jennifer Selby Long is an executive coach, management consultant, and MBTI® expert who helps technology leaders navigate the challenges of seismic change to achieve their highest potential. She also advises on the impact of personality and gender on financial behavior. Jennifer is the past president of the Association for Psychological Type. She has been quoted by business and technology writers in the Fast Company, Information World, Dice.com, Univision, and the Bulletin of Psychological Type. She is an award-winning business writer and the author of Traveling Light, a blog helping leaders skyrocket their impact and lighten the load in their lives. Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Previous Speakers Wednesday, March 15, 2017: Building Habit-Forming Products with Nir Eyal Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT Topic: Building Habit-Forming Products Hundreds of millions of people use Firefox every day. But they don’t have to. They can - very easily - switch to another browser. But we know Firefox rocks and we want them to use it. Enter habits. Those human behaviors that become regular, ongoing actions that don’t require thought or intention. Or, per Merriam-Webster, “an acquired mode of behavior that has become nearly or completely involuntary.” Creating software that is habit-forming entails tapping into key human psychological drivers such as rewards, social validation and personal fulfillment. These drivers are at the foundation of developing experiences that drive product growth. Perhaps the biggest benefit is to software makers is significantly lower costs to acquire and maintain active users. But what about the user? Is it manipulative to create habits for people so they can use your products without giving it a conscious thought? To “get in their heads” to ensure they use our software? Do we want people to use our products involuntarily? Nir Eyal has built and invested in products reaching hundreds of millions of users including AdNectar, Product Hunt and EventBrite. He’ll draw on core psychological tenets to show how we can create products for users that are habit-forming. And he’ll show us how we can do this in a way that we feel good about - to “build the change we see.” Speaker: Nir Eyal For most of his career Nir worked in the video gaming and advertising industries where he learned, applied (and at times rejected) the techniques used to motivate and manipulate users. He writes to help companies create behaviors that benefit their users, while educating people on how to build healthful habits in their own lives. As an active angel investor Nir makes it personal, investing his own funds in habit-forming products he believes improves lives. His past investments include Eventbrite, Product Hunt, Refresh.io (acquired by LinkedIn), Worklife (acquired by Cisco), Marco Polo, Presence Learning, 7 Cups, Pana, and Symphony Commerce. Nir is the author of Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products and has taught at the Stanford Graduate School of Business and Design School. He’s sold two technology companies since 2003 and now helps teams design more engaging products. Nir talks of his advanced degree from the The School of Hard Knocks, but also received an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Host: Chris More Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Wednesday, February 22, 2017: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 6pm UT Topic: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) The Internet is a global public resource that must remain open and accessible. Its effectiveness as a public resource depends upon decentralized participation worldwide. — Excerpt, Mozilla Manifesto Mozilla cares not only about a functioning web, but a healthy one; a web where all people can both access and participate, resulting in an Internet that reflects the broad the diversity of its users. But the Internet isn’t always like this. Sometimes it's a place where groups of people are excluded. When Airbnb hosts deny service to guests based on their race, the web is no longer accessible. When neighbors make destructive assumptions based on race on local community site Nextdoor, or Twitter conversations devolve into trolling, the web is no longer a place of constructive participation. These companies want to make the web better too. Approaches include hashtag viewing controls on Twitter & filters for abusive comments on Instagram; Airbnb’s Instant Book that prevents harmful stereotyping; and Nextdoor’s reporting system designed to create more thoughtfulness around neighborhood conversations. Mozilla builds products and platforms directly for developers, communities and publishers worldwide. How can we create and sustain experiences that are open, accessible and participatory? And what measures of success can we advocate to support positive experiences for users, communities and publishers? At our Speaker Series panel, we’ll address these questions with product leaders representing consumer, developer, business and gaming audiences as part of a conversation around "ethical design” with community, product and engineering professionals charting new territory in this area. Panelists: Angel Steger (Product Design Lead, Pinterest) is an entrepreneur and product designer developing award-winning products that empower people to get things done. Passionate about complex problems and human behavior, she’s worked in spaces as varied as genetic research, relationship management, and language learning. She currently leads the User State Machine team at Pinterest. On the side, you’ll find her practicing yoga, exploring food in SF, and gardening. Randi Lee Harper (Founder, Online Abuse Prevention Initiative). Randi is founded the Online Abuse Prevention Initiative to fight harassment with technical solutions. This includes the Good Game Auto Blocker tool, built after a long career in tech (KIXEYE, Amazon, IronPort Systems). While Randi believes long term solutions involves cultural changes, but until that happens we can work develop shorter-term solutions to help targets of harassment. Current interests include tracking the way that certain communities interact, and helping define predictive behavior for outbreaks of online abuse. Moderator & Host: Andrew Losowsky, Lead, Mozilla Coral Project. Andrew has turned a street into a museum, a volcano into a magazine, and academic research into a life-sized board game. A John S. Knight Fellow at Stanford University in 2013, he now runs Mozilla’s Coral Project, which helps news organizations build better communities around their work. Because journalism needs everyone. Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #InclusiveDesign + #MozillaSpeakers Wednesday, January 18, 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, January 18 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: Data and People: A Discussion with Google’s former SVP of People Operations Laszlo Bock When Google’s head of People came out with the bestselling book Work Rules! last year, he debunked many myths. Adopting an experiments-based approach with their people, his team was able to gather data challenging commonly accepted assumptions about hiring, compensation, performance evaluations, training and more. For example, in 2010 Google's research showed that junior, female software engineers were not getting promoted at the same rate as their male counterparts. Digging deeper, the team discovered differing self-nomination rates. Men, who in many cultures are typically more comfortable self-promoting, were nominating themselves at higher rates than their equally qualified but, on average, less self-promoting female peers. To address this, a senior leader shared the data with Googlers and encouraged all engineers to self-nominate when ready, and told managers to keep their eyes open for promo-ready Googlers. Eventually, promotion rates equaled out. Of course, Google isn’t Mozilla. For one thing, Google has over 60,000 staff in over 70 offices in 40 countries around the world. But the work and findings from Google - whose staff typically provide statistically-significant and rich data sets - can be useful references as we strive to create a Mozilla that is diverse, innovative and, at our core, puts people first. On January 18, Mozilla's Larissa Shapiro will interview Laszlo. She’ll dig deeper into the approaches and learnings Google has taken with people and data, and help us uncover how these types of approaches apply to the science and art of people management at mozilla. Speaker: From 2006 to 2016, Laszlo Bock served as SVP of People Operations, leading Google's people function responsible for attracting, developing, retaining, and delighting "Googlers.” He believes that giving people freedom and supplementing our instincts with hard science are steps on the path to making work meaningful and people happy. During Bock's tenure, Google was named the Best Company to Work more than 30 times around the world and received over 100 awards as an employer of choice. In 2010, Laszlo was named "Human Resources Executive of the Year" by HR Executive Magazine. He is the author of "WORK RULES! Insights from Inside Google to Transform How You Live and Lead," which has been named one of the top 15 business books of 2015. He has testified before Congress on immigration reform and labor issues and been featured in The Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, the PBS Newshour and on the Today Show. Bock's earlier experience spans executive roles at the General Electric Company, management consulting at McKinsey & Company, start-ups, non-profits, and acting. He (briefly) held the world record for Greek Syrtaki dance (along with 1,620 others). * Note: Laszlo dedicates all proceeds of his book to charities relating to education and veterans, the former mainly focused on giving disadvantaged kids better access e.g. Peninsula Bridge. Host: Larissa Shapiro Questions: In advance submit questions here During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #mozSS Transcript November 16: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation, with Ashley Good, Fail Forward Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, November 16 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation When you start a new job or project, you envision exciting things you and your team will accomplish together. When you do your planning, you state what you'll achieve and measure those achievements. And when you are rewarded, it's typically for a job "well done.” Why even set goals, objectives or KPIs if you aren’t planning on succeeding? Because the best, most innovative organizations do more than set and achieve goals. They also fail. Failure is actually a by-product of innovation. It's the "risk" element of the "risk - reward” equation. Cue the emergence of global failure events and meet ups. As humans conditioned to win and succeed since birth, navigating how to “fail well" is hardly intuitive. What constitutes a "good failure"? And at what point do you decide you’ve failed, rather than persevere? Or change your direction e.g. the notorious ‘pivot’? In a world where success is rewarded and everyone is in the game to “win,” what does it mean to “fail well”? At our November speaker series, we will explore how Mozilla can be a place where failure is not minimized, denied, or shunned, but instead treated as a valuable source of learning and insight to set us up for future successes. Specifically, Ashley Good of Fail Forward will get us started with very practical insights into how we can: Craft a language of failure Communicate failure for learning Develop the gift of feedback Speaker: Working in Cairo with the United Nations Environment Programme and as a management consultant in Vancouver, Ashley Good saw how fear of failure inhibits innovation, adaptation, and performance. In response, she launched Fail Forward to spark a shift in how we perceive and talk about failure, and to help organizations learn, innovate and build resilience. Since 2010 Ashley has worked with organizations – from grantmakers and nonprofits to government and private sector companies – to use failure as a learning tool and culture driver to support and foster innovation. She is well known for building the Organizational Learning Team at Engineers Without Borders Canada, and she continues to lead their annual Failure Report. Ashley is a contributor to the Globe and Mail Leadership Lab, Public Sector Digest, and World Economic Forum Agenda. Her work has received coverage in a wide range of media and news outlets, including National Post, The Globe and Mail, CBC Radio and Television, The New York Times, and Fast Company. She is recognized by Harvard Business Review and McKinsey as the recipient of the Innovating Innovation Award, hosted Canada’s first ever conference dedicated to intelligent failure, and is a half-ironman triathlete. She earned her Bachelor of Science from the University of British Columbia with honours. Mozilla Host: George Roter Deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that (really) matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation Location: Mozilla Toronto + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, October 12 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Metadata is the new data ... and why that (really) matters Maybe it’s when the person you had a bad date with on Tinder shows up in your “people you may know” feed in Facebook. Or when you accept the default settings on your Android phone and share all of your transit habits with Google. Those moments might lead you to suspect considerable information about you and your behavior (aka “metadata”) is being harvested, shared and saved. But you had no reason to predict that. Nobody told you what was being gathered, or who it was being shared with. Or maybe they did, in a long, detailed unread terms of service. Today’s proliferation of mobile devices and platforms such as Google and Facebook has exacerbated this extensive, prolific sharing about users and their behaviors in ways most do not understand. Announcements about Facebook encrypting Messenger and WhatsApp appear to be encouraging ways of protecting your data... but they belie a different story of splintered approaches to metadata collection and silos among major platform providers. Similar disparities exist among how browsers treat metadata. So while the actual content of our messages may be encrypted, dangerous legal, financial, political and even medical implications to metadata remain. The impact of information about what you do (and when you do it) has yet to be explored or defined, let alone systematized. Fortunately mozilla is in a position to advocate for practices and policies that serve users first. We’ll hear specifically how from Harlo Holmes, Director of Newsroom Digital Security for the Freedom of the Press Foundation. Speaker: Harlo is the Director of Newsroom Digital Security at the Freedom of the Press Foundation. She strives to help individual journalists in various media organizations become confident and effective in securing their communications within their newsrooms, with their sources, and with the public at large. She is a media scholar, software programmer, and activist; and contributes to the open source mobile security collective The Guardian Project. She has helped journalists use tools to preserve their privacy and do their jobs better; is a member of Deep Lab, a collaborative group of cyberfeminist researchers, artists, writers, engineers, and more addressing issues such as privacy, surveillance, code and art; and was a Mozilla Knight Open News Fellow in 2014. Mozillian Host: Aurelia Moser Presentation deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS September 1: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel Location: Mozilla Portland + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 1 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Being Human in a Data-Filled World In May, Kevin Kelly shared the possibilities that technology will offer us over the next 30 years. Not addressed were some of the unintended consequences of this progress. Facebook Live, Snapchat and Pokemon Go provide a few examples of how tech is outpacing our ability to socially (and legally) master it. Innovation unchecked can pose serious challenges to our very humanity. Best practices for user research and focusing on specific use cases have limited impact on our ability to shape the future we want. Dr. Genevieve Bell is responsible for corporate sensing and insights at Intel. She leads a cross-discipline foresights community that delivers insights into significant societal, technical and global trends. At Mozilla she’ll deliver what she terms “more of a meditation and conversation than a talk” on what it means to proactively preserve our humanity in a world that is increasingly digital. This sounds high level but it's also practical: we’ll learn about five things that don’t change and five things that do, and how paying close attention to them will help us be successful. Speaker: An accomplished anthropologist and researcher, Genevieve Bell joined Intel in 1998. During that time, she has helped drive Intel’s focus on user experiences and led various teams of social scientists and designers. She has been granted a number of patents for consumer electronics innovations throughout her career, with additional patents in the user experience space. She is the author of numerous journal papers and articles. She was named an Intel Fellow in 2008, a vice president in 2013 and a Senior Fellow in 2016. In addition to her position at Intel, Bell is a highly regarded industry expert and frequent commentator on the intersection of culture and technology. She has been featured in publications such as Wired, Forbes, The Atlantic, Fast Company, the Wall Street Journal and The New York Times. She is also a sought-after public speaker and panelist at technology conferences worldwide for the insights she has gained from extensive international field work and research. Mozillian Host: Dietrich Ayala Deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS July 20, 2016: The Invention Cycle with Tina Seelig, Stanford University Location: Mozilla MV + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, July 20 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: The Invention Cycle: Going From Inspiration to Implementation Are you stuck on where to go with your product and need an infusion of creativity? Do you struggle with brainstorming new ideas? Coming up with new solutions? Bringing fresh ideas to life and ultimately to market is not a well charted course. In July, our guest Tina Seelig will share a new model, the Invention Cycle, that taps into our innate capabilities of imagination and creativity to help us innovate better. Tina’s framework captures the attitudes and actions necessary to foster innovation and to bring breakthrough ideas to the world. We’ll learn: - Crisp definitions for imagination, creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship - Clear roadmap for progressing from the seed of an idea through implementation - Concrete attitudes and actions needed to bring ideas to fruition We’ll also be joined by a group of mozillians(1) who recently spent a half day working with Tina; they'll share how these learnings have translated directly into their roles at mozilla. (1) David Bialer, David Bryant, Greg Jost, Jean Gong, Jet Villegas, Martin Best, Rosana Ardila, Tim Murray, Jen Bertsch and Rina Jensen Speaker: Tina Seelig is passionate about creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship. As Professor of the Practice in the department of Management Science and Engineering, faculty director of the Stanford Technology Ventures Program, and a founding member of the Hasso Plattner Institute of Design (d.school) at Stanford's School of Engineering, she works with others who embrace the idea that entrepreneurs do much more than imaginable with much less than seems possible. After earning her Ph.D. from Stanford University Medical School in Neuroscience, Tina has worked as a management consultant, multimedia producer, and was the founder of a multimedia company. She’s also written 17 books and educational games, including The Epicurean Laboratory and Incredible Edible Science, published by Scientific American; and a series of card games, called Games for Your Brain, published by Chronicle Books. Her newest books, published by HarperCollins are What I Wish I Knew When I Was 20 (2009), inGenius: A Crash Course on Creativity (2012), and Insight Out (2015). She’s been honored to receive significant recognition of her work, including the Gordon Prize from the National Academy of Engineering, the National Olympus Innovation Award, the SVForum Visionary Award, and several university teaching awards. Host: Rina Jensen Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS Deck materials also in this post May 26, 2016: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years with Kevin Kelly, Wired Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, May 26 @ Mozilla SF - 10:30am PT / 1:30pm ET / 6:30pm UTC Topic: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years Much of what will happen in the next thirty years is inevitable, driven by technological trends already in motion. Wired founder Kevin Kelly has an optimistic roadmap for the future, showing how the coming changes in our lives—from virtual reality in the home to an on-demand economy to artificial intelligence embedded in everything we manufacture—can be understood as the result of a few long-term, accelerating forces. These deep trends—flowing, screening, accessing, sharing, filtering, remixing, tracking, and questioning—overlap and are codependent on one another. And they will completely revolutionize the way we buy, work, learn, and communicate. By understanding and embracing them, it will be easier for us to remain on top of the coming wave of changes and to arrange our day-to-day relationships with technology in ways that bring forth maximum benefits. Join us as mozilla's John Jensen interviews Kevin on these trends: what exactly are they, how are they playing out in our world, and what can we do as technologists ourselves to ensure they contribute to the future we want. Speaker: Kevin Kelly is Senior Maverick at Wired magazine. He co-founded Wired in 1993, and served as its Executive Editor for its first seven years. His new book for Viking/Penguin The Inevitable will be released in early June 2016. He is also founding editor and co-publisher of the popular Cool Tools website, which has been reviewing tools daily since 2003. From 1984-1990 Kelly was publisher and editor of the Whole Earth Review, a journal of unorthodox technical news. He co-founded the ongoing Hackers’ Conference, and was involved with the launch of the WELL, a pioneering online service started in 1985. His books include the best-selling New Rules for the New Economy; the classic book on decentralized emergent systems, Out of Control; a graphic novel about robots and angels, The Silver Cord; an oversize catalog of the best of Cool Tools; and his summary theory of technology in What Technology Wants (2010). Host Interviewer: John Jensen Questions: Submit questions for Kevin & John during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS #theinevitable April 27, 2016: When Change is the Only Constant, with Kirsten Wolberg, PayPal Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, April 27 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: When Change is the Only Constant, Org Structure Doesn’t Matter While it may be true in tech that “change is the only constant,” some changes are bigger than others. Things like…deciding to develop an OS as well as a browser. And an app. Focusing on devices beyond phones. Changing our approach to advertising and content. Instilling an entire culture of experimentation and measurement across functions. These types of shifts can impact job roles, titles, tools - in short, they impact all the stuff of our daily work. Whether an organization is decentralized or command & control, these kinds of changes are never simple nor straightforward. There’s no silver bullets. And yet, when done thoughtfully and holistically, significant change management can make the difference between life and death of a product, an organization and its community. As a leader of major change efforts at PayPal, Salesforce and Charles Schwab, Kirsten Wolberg has moved a global organization to agile development and helped change the overall ownership of her organization. She'll draw off these experiences and share we might manage the changes happening at Mozilla. Speaker: Kirsten Wolberg currently serves as Vice President, Talent at PayPal, leading the talent acquisition, performance and learning teams. She also holds the role as Separation Executive for PayPal leading the PayPal separation program as part of the eBay/PayPal tax-free split. Kirsten was selected to lead the newly created Talent organization for PayPal to bring her deep background in technology, operations and transformational change leadership to the talent function. She is leading the innovation to reimagine Talent for the newly independent PayPal. Prior to her current roles she led the chief operating functions for PayPal Technology including technology strategy, planning, M&A, quality, transformation, employee engagement and the PayPal Open Source Office. Previously, she was Chief Information Officer (CIO) at salesforce.com and divisional CIO for Corporate Technology at Charles Schwab. Kirsten is on the Board of Silicon Graphics International. She is also Trustees for. Additionally she is a Board Member of the Greater Bay Area chapter of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, Year Up Bay Area, and Jewish Vocational Services. Kirsten holds a BS degree in Finance from USC and an MBA from J.L. Kellogg School of Management. Host: David Slater Questions: Submit questions for Kirsten during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS March 24, 2016: The Role of a Product Manager with Josh Elman, Greylock Partners Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, March 24 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: The Role of a Product Manager - and Everyone Else "The job of a product manager is to help your team (and company) ship the right product to your users.” Seems simple - but anyone who has worked on a product knows it’s not. At what point are you ready to ship? What is the right product? How do you know when you’ve built it? And often more complicated than it sounds: who are your users? The best PMs are less product thought leaders and visionaries (though they certainly may be), but moreso shepherds of stakeholders and builders of processes to sort through these critical challenges. While they typically don’t produce tangible artifacts such as code or mockups, the ultimate success of the team and product can hinge on the effectiveness of the product manager. In short, product management done well helps make companies and products much better. But when done badly, it can significantly hurt a company and team. Speaker: As an investment partner at Greylock, Josh Elman invests in entrepreneurs building social networks and platforms, mobile apps, new media, and connected devices. Josh specializes in designing, building, and scaling consumer products, having been part of multiple companies that have grown to more than 100 million users. Before joining Greylock, Josh spent 15 years in product and engineering roles at leading companies in social, commerce, and media. Josh was the product lead for growth and relevance at Twitter, growing Twitter’s active user base by nearly 10x. Prior to Twitter, Josh worked on the platform at Facebook and led the launch of Facebook Connect. Josh was an early employee at LinkedIn and helped establish early models for user growth and launched v1 of LinkedIn Jobs. Josh also held roles leading product management for Zazzle, and product and engineering for RealJukebox and RealPlayer at RealNetworks. Josh currently serves on the boards of Medium, Meerkat, Operator, and Super. Josh also works closely with our investments in Nextdoor and Whosay. Josh led Greylock’s investment in SmartThings, which was acquired by Samsung in 2014. Josh holds a BS in Symbolic Systems with a focus on Human Computer Interaction from Stanford University. Deck Host: Justin Crawford Questions: Submit questions for Josh during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina, #mozSS February 25, 2016: Building Product with Partners - Interview with April Underwood, Slack Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, February 25 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: Building Products with Partners: Interview with Slack's April Underwood Building products is complex. Building products with partners, considerably moreso. Varying resources, goals, strategies and cultures pose challenges. But partnering well on products is often worth the effort. This month April Underwood, head of all product & partnerships at Slack, will draw from her experiences at Google, Twitter, Travelocity and more to help us navigate the complexities of marrying products and partnerships. She'll be interviewed by our very own Bertrand Neveux, who has built products with partners for most of his career at and leading up to Mozilla. Speaker: April Underwood is head of Platform at Slack, a messaging platform that has evolved into a diverse ecosystem of partners. There, she drives key growth initiatives and oversees platform products, partnerships, API integrations and developer relations. She previously worked on products for Travelocity, Apple, Google, Climate Corp (Weatherbill). Just before joining Slack, April led teams of Product Managers as Director of Product on Twitter’s fast-growing Advertising (Ads API, ads.twitter.com) and Data (Firehose, Gnip) products. She was also a PM for the Tweet Button and Twitter API, and built Twitter's Business Development team from the ground up to strike strategic partnerships with firms including Google, Microsoft, Amazon, EA, Salesforce and Adobe. And while she used to write code (and sometimes writes term sheets as an angel investor), her first love is building and leading product teams and working with engineers and designers to build and launch great products that people want to use. Host: Bertrand Neveux Questions: Submit questions for April during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtags: #mozSS #brantina January 27, 2016: The Right Way to Build Software with Jocelyn Goldfein, ex-Facebook Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, January 27 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: The Right Way to Build Software: Ideals Over Ideology Add-ons. Advertising. Dogfooding. Email clients. Mozillians form strong opinions on all sides of these (and other) topics, often for legitimate reasons. We’re not alone. Leading software firms such as VMWare and Facebook also grapple with contentious technology and process issues, and Jocelyn Goldfein has firsthand experience of this. She's led engineering teams building software for both consumers and the enterprise; apps and the web; and for license fees and for free. These teams are like us: they debate how to best release software - and a host of other issues. Drawing from these experiences, Jocelyn will provide frameworks for how Mozilla can navigate these discussions effectively to drive better outcomes. Speaker: Jocelyn Goldfein has held senior engineering leadership roles spanning from high-growth companies like VMware and Facebook to small startups. She is a widely recognized industry spokesperson on scaling engineering operations, mobile engineering, and diversity in tech. Goldfein currently is an independent angel investor and advisor to startups. As Director of Engineering at Facebook she led Facebook’s push on mobile infrastructure and quality, initiating major new investments in architecture and tooling and helped guide Facebook’s transition to “mobile first.” She launched new product initiatives in search, news feed, and photos. She also drove strategic engineering operational initiatives, including overhauling Facebook’s approach to technical recruiting. More on Jocelyn at her website. Deck Host: Nick Nguyen Questions: Submit questions for Jocelyn during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina December 3, 2015: Optimizing for Uncertainty with Mike Arauz, August Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, December 3 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Optimizing for Uncertainty: Deciding and Moving Quickly The web is increasingly complex and dynamic. How can larger software organizations keep up with this rapid, perpetual change? In the natural realm, 'complex adaptive systems’ allow for flux and change in tumultuous environments. Our December speaker will draw on these models to illustrate how modern organizations can decide and move quickly. Mike will share how leading tech and product organizations are not simply adapting to increased change, but innovating and thriving in these dynamic environments by: operating around networks vs hierarchies distributing authority processing information effectively embracing structured and facilitated methods for collecting feedback and gaining consent on group action. Speaker: Mike Arauz is a Founding Member and Acting President at August, a New York based consulting firm that builds high-performing teams for the world’s most meaningful missions. Previously, Mike was a Partner at Undercurrent, where he worked with leaders of global companies to transform how their organizations work and thrive in the 21st century, including GE, Pearson, and The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Mike is also a co-author of the Responsive.org manifesto and a leading contributor to the global self-management and future of work movement. Deck Host: Jim Cook, CFO, Mozilla Recommended pre-watch: Mitchell’s 2nd Portland Keynote on Decisionmaking October 22, 2015: Data as Empathy with Frances Haugen, Yelp Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, October 22 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Data As Empathy To build products people love, you must understand those people. User research and user-centered design help get us there, but once we have a sense of how our audiences think and behave, how can we go beyond the anecdotal to extrapolate to the macro? What ways can we better understand the needs of millions of users who think, act and operate differently than us? Our October speaker Frances Haugen will share from her product management and software engineering experiences with products used by millions of Google and Yelp customers. She'll help us understand how data - done 'right' - connects us to millions of users we don't know personally. And she'll outline what doing data right means for product development, and how product owners can build things their users love. Speaker: As both a Senior Product Manager, Software Engineer and Data Scientist for companies including Yelp and Google, Frances has worked at the intersection of data, design and humans throughout her career. An Electrical and Computer Engineering undergrad, Frances says she sees the world as comprised of hi and low cast filters. Host: Matt Grimes, User Advocacy Deck Questions: Submit questions for Frances during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. September 24, 2015: Should I Put it on Yammer? The Neuroscience of Online Communications with Deanna Zandt Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 24 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: “Should I put it on Yammer?” How do you respond when people at Mozilla ask you this? Do you sigh, roll your eyes, let out a small resigned laugh? Most of us know that many seemingly-benign posts (this one now the stuff of legends) can sometimes devolve into a debate nobody expected, necessarily wanted or knows what to do with. Not always, but enough to cause some communications platforms to be feared by some and occasionally counterproductive. This outcome, of course, is not confined to Yammer, nor is the behavior confined to Mozilla. Our September Brantina speaker, Deanna Zandt, has generously volunteered to speak with us about the neuroscientific dynamics of online communications. She’ll provide a deeper understanding of how our brains work when we’re engaged in online discussions which can help us communicate better, make better decisions, be more productive, and ultimately engage with more people driving richer, more dynamic outcomes. Speaker: Deanna Zandt creates and implements web strategies supporting civic engagement and cultural agency, drawing off her background in linguistics, advertising, telecommunications and finance. She’s worked with The Ford Foundation, Deutsche Telekom, Planned Parenthood, and Jim Hightower’s Hightower Lowdown; and has also advised the White House on digital strategy and public engagement. Deanna has been a regular contributor to Forbes.com, as well as NPR’s flagship news program, “All Things Considered” and is a frequent guest on MSNBC, CNN International, BBC Radio and Fox News. Host: Doug Turner Deck Questions: Submit questions for Deanna during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. August 13, 2015: Build, Measure, Learn: Being a Growth Organization with Hiten Shah, KISSMetrics Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, August 13 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Hiten Shah will share his ideas and experience with growth hacking, a scrappy marketing technique developed by technology startups, and how it specifically applies to Mozilla. Larger companies that embrace this approach (examples include Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Airbnb and Dropbox) use creativity, analytical thinking, and social metrics to gain product exposure and grow their market share quickly. Speaker: Hiten Shah is cofounder and president of analytics companies KISSmetrics and Crazy Egg; he also advises startups. Host: Jascha Kaykas-Wolff Deck Questions: Submit your questions for Hiten in advance here, or during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. July 23, 2015: Rapid Prototyping with Tom Chi, GoogleX Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, July 23 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Speaker: Tom Chi has worked in disciplines ranging from astrophysical research to Fortune 500 consulting to developing new hardware and software (web & client) products and services. He’s worked on large projects of global scale (Microsoft Outlook, Yahoo! Search), and scaled new projects from conception to significance (Yahoo! Answers from 0 to 90 million users). He also co-founded GoogleX, the semi-secret group responsible for cutting edge projects including the autonomous driving vehicles, contact lenses that monitor glucose through tears and balloons in the stratosphere that provide Internet access. Topic: Tom will talk about his approach to rapid prototyping using 'native' materials like paper and foam core to create and test experiences. Using this method, he has led teams to work more effectively and quickly, building state of the art (see above for examples) products as part of an ongoing innovation process. Host: Josh Carpenter Deck Workshop adapted from Tom's talk, from Mozilla Learning Network Questions: Submit your questions for Tom in advance here. May 21, 2015: Onboarding and Team Debt with Kate Heddleston Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, May 21 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Speaker: Kate Heddleston, a software engineer in San Francisco, does a lot of speaking on the people-dimensions of software development and engineering management best practices. Her focus is on how software gets made, as well as on what it does. Topic: Kate shares her thoughts on the topic of onboarding new hires - what it takes to do that well, particularly in an engineering environment - and the 'team debt' that results when we do it poorly. Kate also shared some of the fairly immediate things individual teams can do to reduce the debt. Deck. Questions submitted to Kate in advance are here. Submitting a Speaker Idea We will give special consideration to speaker ideas submitted by Mozillians! Criteria for speakers is outlined above. Tell us how and why your speaker will appeal to a broad set of Mozillians here or even better, just send Diane a note. Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=Speaker_Series&oldid=1167812" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties This page was last modified on 7 April 2017, at 15:01. This page has been accessed 15,622 times. Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Bob Ross as you've never seen him before: Psychedelic clip shows painter through the eyes of Google's DeepDream neural network Engineer filtered Bob Ross’s TV show ‘The Joy of Painting’ through Google's DeepDream Neural network places faces of animals all over Ross's body and over the images he pains on the canvas  Was created to give scientists a peek into what a deep neural network is seeing when it looks at an image But it later become used to create bizarre, nightmare-like psychedelic and abstract art  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 18:33 EDT, 7 April 2017 | Updated: 20:04 EDT, 7 April 2017 e-mail 41 shares View comments Google has brought the late artist Bob Ross back to life, but as a monster-faced figure in a ‘nightmare’ world. An engineer filtered an episode of Ross’s PBS television show ‘The Joy of Painting’ through the artificial neural network DeepDream, which can ‘see’ objects and animals that are not really there. The video shows a segment with Ross painting his iconic happy trees, but instead of seeing fluffy green bushels, viewers are presented with bug-eyed creatures on the canvas.  Scroll down for videos  Google has brought the late artist Bob Ross back to life, but as a monster-faced figure in a ‘nightmare’ world. An engineer filtered an episode of Ross’s PBS television show ‘The Joy of Painting’ through the artificial neural network DeepDream, which can ‘see’ objects and animals that are not really there The latest DeepDream project was created by Alexander Reben, who is an artist an engineer. Reben shared his nightmarish masterpiece on Vimeo, which he called ‘Deep Artificial Trees’. ‘This artwork represents what it would be like for an AI to watch Bob Ross on LSD (once someone invents digital drugs),’ Reben explained in the video's description. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Adult theme parks where you can get drunk and shoot robots,... Uber fires back at Google spinoff in self-driving car case... Were the 'two maidens' of Pompeii really gay lovers? Tests... The ultimate zipline: Boeing reveals 40mph system to... The knife-wielding robot that can STAB in 60 positions and... Share this article Share ‘It shows some of the unreasonable effectiveness and strange inner workings of deep learning systems.’ ‘The unique characteristics of the human voice are learned and generated as well as hallucinations of a system trying to find images which are not there.’ HOW DEEPDREAM WORKS  Google trains an artificial neural network by showing it millions of training examples and gradually adjusting the network parameters until it gives the classifications the team want.  more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Falcon 9 landing after delivering SES-10 into orbit Watch video UY Scuti in our Solar System Watch video BYU using lasers and Lego figures to study time reversal focusing Watch video Man soars in the air over blue waters on amazing hoverboard Watch video World¿s first high performance footwear crafted with light and oxygen Watch video NASA's telescope observes as Jupiter moves in opposition to Earth Watch video What is is like to watch Bob Ross on LSD Watch video Couple caught getting frisky in university building Watch video Amazing parrot Einstein able to mimic human sounds and movements Watch video Don Rickles reads off a 'mean tweet' on Jimmy Kimmel Live 2014 Watch video Chilling moment huge great white circles two fishermen Watch video Kid's got skills! Swizz Beats & Alicia Keys' son, 2, beatboxes The network typically consists of 10 to 30 stacked layers of artificial neurons and each image is fed into the input layer, which then talks to the next layer, until eventually the 'output' layer is reached.  The network's 'answer' comes from this final output layer.  In doing this, the software builds up a idea of what it thinks an object looked like.  In the 'generative adversarial network,' part of the network will attempt to fool the other part by inventing fake data, which will be mistaken for training data. DeepDream was originally developed to give scientists and engineers a peek into what a deep neural network is seeing when it looks at an image. However, it later become used to create bizarre, nightmare-like psychedelic and abstract art - like what was created using Bob Ross's tv show DeepDream was originally developed to give scientists and engineers a peek into what a deep neural network is seeing when it looks at an image. However, it later become used to create bizarre, nightmare-like psychedelic and abstract art. The tool was built by Realmac Software based in Brighton and is only available for Mac users. The video shows a segment with Ross painting his iconic happy trees, but instead of seeing fluffy green bushels, viewers are presented with bug-eyed creatures on the canvas (pictured) 'Artificial Neural Networks have spurred remarkable recent progress in image classification and speech recognition,' wrote Alexander Mordvintsev, Christopher Olah and Mike Tyka of Google's AI team. 'But even though these are very useful tools based on well-known mathematical methods, we actually understand surprisingly little of why certain models work and others don't.' Google trained an artificial neural network by showing it millions of training examples and gradually adjusting the network parameters until it gives the classifications the team want. Then the clip takes viewers to a farm where he pets what is supposed to be cute animals, but instead of a fluffy gerbil in his hands, it appears as if he is holding a creature that morphs from a monkey, to a lizard, to an eight-legged spider. Google trained an artificial neural network by showing it millions of training examples The network typically consists of 10 to 30 stacked layers of artificial neurons and each image is fed into the input layer, which then talks to the next layer, until eventually the 'output' layer is reached. And the network's 'answer' comes from this final output layer. In doing this, the software builds up an idea of what it thinks an object looked like. The five and a half minute clip of Ross’s PBS show is anything but fun and happy trees. Ross is standing in front of the canvas, but the neural network has transformed him into a creature of different animal heads. And his paintings become more bizarre as the clip rolls on. Instead of a scenic view of the mountains, lizards, bugs and other animals fill the canvas Then the clip takes viewers to a farm where he pets what is supposed to be cute animals, but instead of a fluffy gerbil in his hands, it appears as if he is holding a creature that morphs from a monkey, to a lizard, to an eight-legged spider. And his paintings become more bizarre as the clip rolls on. Instead of a scenic view of the mountains, lizards, bugs and other animals fill the canvas. MIT researcher have created their own nightmare machine and turned famous landmarks appear like something out of a horror film.  more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Falcon 9 landing after delivering SES-10 into orbit Watch video UY Scuti in our Solar System Watch video BYU using lasers and Lego figures to study time reversal focusing Watch video Man soars in the air over blue waters on amazing hoverboard Watch video World¿s first high performance footwear crafted with light and oxygen Watch video NASA's telescope observes as Jupiter moves in opposition to Earth Watch video What is is like to watch Bob Ross on LSD Watch video Couple caught getting frisky in university building Watch video Amazing parrot Einstein able to mimic human sounds and movements Watch video Don Rickles reads off a 'mean tweet' on Jimmy Kimmel Live 2014 Watch video Chilling moment huge great white circles two fishermen Watch video Kid's got skills! Swizz Beats & Alicia Keys' son, 2, beatboxes The algorithm created by the team is making photographs of famous landmarks appear like something out of a horror film. 'We use state-of-the-art deep learning algorithms to learn how haunted houses, or toxic cities look like,' the researchers said. 'Then, we apply the learnt style to famous landmarks and present you: AI-powered horror all over the world!' Interested viewers can help MIT find the essence of horror on the website, or look at more of the pictures the Nightmare Machine has generated on Instagram.    MIT researcher have created their own nightmare machine and turned famous landmarks appear like something out of a horror film. The DeepDream algorithm transfers a photograph of the Eiffel Tower in Paris to a horror scene, in a style called 'Fright Night', according to the website This GIF shows how the DeepDream algorithm transfers a photograph of the Eiffel Tower in Paris to a horror scene in a style called 'Fright Night' © MIT  St Basil's Cathedral in Moscow transforms into a Haunted House themed image with the help of MIT's Nightmare Machine © MIT  The two main techniques used in the project, style transfer and generative adversarial networks, were published in papers last year. The network typically consists of 10 to 30 stacked layers of artificial neurons and each image is fed into the input layer, which then talks to the next layer, until eventually the 'output' layer is reached. The network's 'answer' comes from this final output layer. In doing this, the software builds up a idea of what it thinks an object looked like.  A normal photograph of St Basil's Cathedral in Moscow is pictured left. The image on the right shows the photograph of the cathedral after it has been transformed into a scary picture using artificial intelligence The Nightmare Machine team is making photographs of famous landmarks appear scary. New York city after an alien invasion, according to the Google Deep Dream algorithm, is pictured 'In the 'generative adversarial network,' part of the network will attempt to fool the other part by inventing fake data, which will be mistaken for training data. In creating a network that works against itself, researchers believe it will eventually learn to be more precise in its output.    'We use state-of-the-art deep learning algorithms to learn how haunted houses, or toxic cities look like,' the researchers said. 'Then, we apply the learnt style to famous landmarks and present you: AI-powered horror all over the world!' Interested viewers can help MIT find the essence of horror on the website, or look at more of the pictures the Nightmare Machine has generated on Instagram.  Stonehenge is another example of a famous site turned into a nightmare by the MIT team. Interested viewers can help MIT find the essence of horror on the website, or look at more of the pictures the Nightmare Machine has generated on Instagram © MIT  A spooky Stonehenge is pictured, after a transformation using Google's Deep Dream AI. The 5,000-year-old structure was erected in the late Neolithic period about 2500 BC The Taj Mahal in Agra, India has been turned into multiple horror scenes, with the 'Toxic City' style shown left and the 'Slaughterhouse' style shown right The Colosseum  in Rome, Italy shown in the 'Tentacle Monster' theme. In another part of the spooky research, the AI system learns what makes images frightening using feedback from humans This AI-generated image of Tower Bridge in London was created with an 'Inferno' theme. The two main techniques used in the Nightmare Machine project, style transfer and generative adversarial networks, were published in papers last year A series of algorithms known as the ‘Nightmare Machine’ is trying to find the root of horror by generating a scary-looking face (various pictured) then making it even scarier In another part of the research, the AI system learns what makes images frightening using feedback from humans. ‘We used state-of-the-art deep learning algorithms to generate new faces,’ the Nightmare Machine website says. ‘Then, we dropped a hint of scariness onto the generated faces in the spirit of Halloween. ‘Now, we wonder: which faces are scarier?’ Visitors to the website can rate whether an image they see is scary or not, and help the AI to learn. Each time someone votes for an image as scary, the algorithms learn to consider the qualities of that image as fear-inducing qualities - and the same goes for non-scary' images. Every time a vote is cast, the AI learns more about what humans consider a scary image. With enough input from people around the world, the AI could generate the sum of human fears. TURN YOUR PHOTOGRAPHS INTO DEEP DREAM NIGHTMARES  Google gave a glimpse into how its Deep Dream networks learns to recognize photos. The results were a terrifying and fascinating mix of random animals, eyes and psychedelic shapes spotted in everyday images. And a few weeks later, developers created an app that lets you transform your own photos and GIFs into Deep Dream nightmares. Called Deep Dreamer, the tool was built by Realmac Software based in Brighton and is only available for Mac users. The company specialises in Mac software and has not revealed plans to roll it our for Windows user.  Any photo or GIF can be dragged into the tool, or opened from the File menu, and a series of tools lets users tweak how the finished photo, or ‘dream’ will look. These range from an impressionist painting style, to looking for eyes, animals and a dream described simply as ‘trippy’. The number of ‘dreams’ and iterations can be tweaked to dig deeper into the image and Google’s code, resulting in more obscure and surreal images. Once the refinements have been selected, users click ‘Start dreaming’ and the image begins to change on the screen. A progress bar sits at the top and a notification is sent when the ‘dream has finished’. Last year, Google gave a glimpse into how its Deep Dream networks learns to recognise photos. The results were a terrifying and fascinating mix of random animals, eyes and psychedelic shapes spotted in everyday images. And a few weeks later, developers created an app that lets you transform your own photos and GIFs into Deep Dream nightmares (pictured) more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Falcon 9 landing after delivering SES-10 into orbit Watch video NASA's telescope observes as Jupiter moves in opposition to Earth Watch video World¿s first high performance footwear crafted with light and oxygen Watch video What is is like to watch Bob Ross on LSD Watch video UY Scuti in our Solar System Watch video BYU using lasers and Lego figures to study time reversal focusing Watch video Man soars in the air over blue waters on amazing hoverboard Watch video Couple caught getting frisky in university building Watch video Moment models go surfing in nothing but painted wetsuits Watch video Cheating woman's two boyfriends trick her with fake proposal Watch video Man sets up his cheating girlfriend with fake wedding proposal Watch video Amazing parrot Einstein able to mimic human sounds and movements   Read more: Nightmare Machine Nightmare Machine (@nightmare_machine) ¿ Instagram photos and videos Nightmare Machine: Help us create the most scary Share or comment on this article e-mail 41 shares Most watched News videos Terrified people flee scene of Stockholm truck attack Police tackle man to the ground moments after terror attack Footage appears to show hangars damaged by US air strike in Syria Fury as female traveller rests her SMELLY feet on coach seat Man missing for months is found in giant hole in woods People run in fear as truck drives into people in Stockholm Emergency services respond to people lying on the ground Girl in India found living with monkeys dubbed Mowgli 2.0 USS Porter launches Tomahawk missiles at the Al-Shayrat Air Base Question Time audience member demands apology from Diane Abbott Trump orders launch of 50 Tomahawk missiles on Syrian airbase Moment USS Ross launches Tomahawk missiles into Syria The moment Stockholm police catch the third beer truck... Is this the rudest backpacker ever? French tourist... Furious Putin calls US airstrikes an 'illegal act of... PIERS MORGAN: Trump was right to bomb Assad. If the evil... Incredible moment teenager walking in the woods shouts... Kremlin tells U.S. it's 'one step from war' as Trump... Family pay tribute to Romanian tourist, 31, 'cruelly... Assad's base in ruins: Dramatic satellite photos reveal... Shocking moment terror suspect is wrestled to floor by... Dear neighbours... sorry about the building work, here's... Shameless Diane Abbott REFUSES to apologise for branding... 'Mowgli girl' found living with monkeys is filmed walking... Baby Charlie's parents sob as court-appointed guardian... How Trump unleashed awesome arsenal on Assad: Tomahawk... What do YOU think this says? Next greetings card has... Jane the Virgin star offered $1.5M A YEAR for weekly sex... Trump at war: White House reveals president's improvised... Why didn’t Putin’s Growlers intercept Trump’s Tomahawks?... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 0 Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Next story 'Stellar fireworks' sparked by two stars colliding in the Orion constellation are captured in breathtaking photographs 32 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Kremlin warns the US it is 'on the verge of a military clash with Russia' as President Trump says he will hit Syria AGAIN after his attack on Putin's ally Assad triggers new fears of World War Three  Casey Anthony cries, laughs and screams in never-before-seen prison video while evading her mother's pleas to tell her where baby Caylee is, joking a report that claims her daughter is dead Put nukes in South Korea and KILL Kim Jong-un: National Security Council gives Trump options for dealing with North Korea Psychology professor reveals a series of mindbending puzzles designed to boost memory and reduce the risk of Alzheimer's... but how many can YOU solve?  Take your best shot, Donald: Syrian warplanes take off from airbase targeted by US cruise missiles just hours later as Assad mounts new attacks on town he gassed Did Russia bomb hospital to cover up Syrian gas horror? New U.S. probe on Kremlin involvement as U.N. ambassador warns America could strike 'more' Syria claims it KNEW America was about to launch airstrikes hours before the attack on its airbase and moved its planes out of the way  Assad's base in ruins: Dramatic satellite photos reveal how airfield pounded with 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles is 'almost completely destroyed' after punishment for deadly chemical weapon attack 'We love you': Syrians 'thank' Trump for US airstrikes by changing their Twitter profiles to photos of him Was it really sarin, was Assad to blame and could Western spy agencies be involved? Historian and terrorism expert MICHAEL BURLEIGH answers key questions about Syrian airstrikes PIERS MORGAN: Trump was right to bomb Assad. If the evil gassing of children isn't justification for giving the perpetrator a bloody nose, then what is? 'The times we are living in call for difficult decisions': Ivanka Trump says she's 'proud' of her father's Syrian airstrikes 'Emotional' Trump was moved to act after seeing horrifying pictures of Syrian children suffering and Democrats warn he has no long term strategy Russia accuses US of breaching international law with airstrike at the UN as socialist Bolivia accuses America of acting like 'judge and executioner'  KATIE HOPKINS: I'd like to support bombing Assad but is Trump thinking with his head, his heart ... or another part of his anatomy?  Why didn’t Putin’s Growlers intercept Trump’s Tomahawks? Russian leader’s missile protection system failed to prevent attack on Syrian airfield Trump's Syrian airstrike wasn't a story about good versus evil it was a cynical political stunt shamelessly pulled off by the US president to boost his ratings, writes JOHN R BRADLEY  Is this proof Assad DID launch chemical weapon attacks from the base Trump bombed? Photos of wreckage show barrels 'identical to those that store WMDs' Trump makes war from his country club: White House reveals president's improvised situation room inside Mar-a-Lago, seen minutes after Tomahawk missiles struck Syrian airfield From a surf 'n' turf with the Chinese premier to his Florida war room: How Trump retired from a state dinner to watch strikes with son-in-law on TV Dear neighbors... sorry about the building work, here's $50,000 (and a vacuum cleaner) Yours, the Clooneys: George and Amal offer compensation for noise caused by British home renovations 10 foods you THINK are healthy (but you'd be better off with a sandwich)  The mystery behind THAT blue and black dress is finally solved: Scientists reveal why some people see it as white and gold - and it's all to do with what time you wake up Moment Stockholm police catch the third beer truck 'terrorist' after high-speed car chase: 'ISIS-supporting' Uzbeki father-of-four, 39, is arrested before another suspect is led away in cuffs  Previous Next Prostitute will be deported to Canada days after being released from prison for fatally injecting 'sugar daddy' Google exec with heroin after having drug-fueled sex Prostitute Alix Tichelman, 29, is set to be deported, officials said on Friday  She was released from prison on March 29 after serving two years for involuntary manslaughter of her former 'sugar daddy' Father-of-five and Google executive Forrest Hayes died after falling unconscious on his yacht with Tichelman, who then left without phoning authorities to help  Tichelman holds dual citizenship in the US and Canada, where she was born  Her former boyfriend in Atlanta died of a heroin overdose By Anna Hopkins For Dailymail.com and Thomas Burrows for MailOnline Published: 18:20 EDT, 7 April 2017 | Updated: 20:18 EDT, 7 April 2017 e-mail 10 shares 3 View comments Federal immigration officials announced on Friday they plan to deport a prostitute known as the 'Harbor Hooker' who fatally injected a Google executive with heroin in 2013. Authorities took Alix Tichelman, 29, into custody immediately after she completed a jail sentence for involuntary manslaughter she served for injecting married Google executive Forrest Hayes with an overdose of heroin, killing him. Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokesman James Schwab said a judge ordered Tichelman to be deported back to Canada because of her felony convictions.  Federal immigration officials plan to deport Alex Tichelman, a Canadian prostitute known as the 'Harbor Hooker' who fatally injected a Google executive with heroin in 2013 Tichelman pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter and drugs charges, which resulted in the 2013 death of Forrest Timothy Hayes (pictured) RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Zoey 101 star pulls four-month-old baby from car crash after... 'I wasn't surprised - she had to do it': Thomas Cohen... Share this article Share Tichelman, who had a privileged upbringing in Atlanta, Georgia, and then California, was freed from prison on March 29, after serving just two years behind bars.  As soon as she stepped outside the prison gates, ICE agents took her into their custody. She injected Hayes, a married father-of-five, with heroin in November 2013 and then left without seeking help when he passed out on his yacht in the Santa Cruz harbor. Police said a surveillance video at the harbor showed Tichelman at first panicking and trying to revive Hayes. Then it showed her casually step over Hayes' body, finish a glass of wine and lower a blind before leaving the yacht.  Police said Hayes hired Tichelman several times for drug-fueled sex after they met on the website Seeking Arrangement, which pairs 'sugar babies' with rich older men or women.    Santa Cruz sheriff's officials confirmed they turned over Tichelman to the custody of Department of Homeland Security Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents after her release from prison.  The Santa Cruz Sentinel, citing court records, said Tichelman holds dual citizenship in the United States and Canada, where she was born.  Tichelman (left and in court right) served nearly two years in the Santa Cruz County Jail after she pleaded guilty in May of 2015 to felony involuntary manslaughter and administering drugs Santa Cruz County Immigration Project director Doug Keegan said: 'Anyone with a felony is put in a very special category, and there's virtually no way of preventing their deportation.'  Although rare, it is possible for a naturalized U.S. citizen to have his or her citizenship stripped through a process called 'denaturalization.'  Natural-born U.S. citizens may not have their citizenship revoked against their will. Tichelman served nearly two years in the Santa Cruz County Jail after she pleaded guilty in May of 2015 to felony involuntary manslaughter and administering drugs.  Defense attorney Larry Biggam said Tichelman injected herself with heroin before she injected Hayes, and the drugs clouded her judgement at the time. Tichelman grew up in a wealthy, upper-class family but rejected her privileged upbringing. She became addicted to heroin and turned to high-class prostitution to support herself Speaking in 2014, he said: 'This case is about two adults who were engaged in mutual consensual drug usage in the context of a sexual encounter initiated and encouraged by Mr. Hayes. There was no intent to harm or injure, much less kill, Mr. Hayes. Why would she? He was a lucrative source of income to her. 'To demonize, and sensationalize, and totally blame Alix Tichelman for his death is misplaced, unfair, and simply wrong. She's like a wounded bird.'  His body was discovered the next day and she was arrested eight months later. Police originally recommended homicide charges. Several charges were later dropped or reduced by prosecutors, she pleaded guilty before the case went to trial, and a judge sentenced her to serve six years in jail. Tichelman completed drug rehab programs during her time in jail because she was addicted to heroin.  She grew up in a wealthy, upper-class family but rejected her privileged upbringing.  Tichelman became addicted to heroin and turned to high-class prostitution to support herself. According to her Facebook profile, Tichelman went to high school in Atlanta, Georgia, majored in journalism at Georgia State University, and worked as a dancer, makeup artist, and model. Her ex-boyfriend, 53-year-old monkey trainer Dean Riopelle, died from a heroin overdose in Georgia two months before Hayes' death. His death was ruled as accidental.  Her ex-boyfriend, 53-year-old monkey trainer Dean Riopelle, died from a heroin overdose in Georgia two months before Hayes' death. His death was ruled as accidental After Tichelman was charged in California, police in Milton, Georgia, took another look at the 2013 overdose death of Riopelle. He was the owner of a popular Atlanta music venue, the Masquerade. Authorities said a panicked Tichelman had called Milton police, saying Riopelle had overdosed on drugs and wasn't responding. Tichelman was not charged. An autopsy report listed Riopelle's death as an accidental overdose of heroin, oxycodone and alcohol. After Tichelman was charged in California, police in Milton, Georgia, took another look at the 2013 overdose death of Riopelle. He was the owner of a popular Atlanta music venue, the Masquerade WSB-TV reported that Tichelman had been arrested two weeks prior to Riopelle's death for biting him, and friends called their relationship volatile and abusive. Captain Shawn McCarty with the Milton Police Department said: 'It's still conjecture, looking at the similarities of the two situations, but obviously we're going to go back and look at it and make sure that everything determined to be correct, almost a year ago, is still factual and still accurate. 'Both subjects in these cases died of heroin overdoses so there's just several factors we want to look at to make sure that we didn't miss anything.' Read more: Police: Call girl admits to giving Milton man heroin before overdose death | WSB-TV Share or comment on this article e-mail 10 shares Most watched News videos Terrified people flee scene of Stockholm truck attack Police tackle man to the ground moments after terror attack Footage appears to show hangars damaged by US air strike in Syria Fury as female traveller rests her SMELLY feet on coach seat Man missing for months is found in giant hole in woods People run in fear as truck drives into people in Stockholm Emergency services respond to people lying on the ground Girl in India found living with monkeys dubbed Mowgli 2.0 Question Time audience member demands apology from Diane Abbott USS Porter launches Tomahawk missiles at the Al-Shayrat Air Base Trump orders launch of 50 Tomahawk missiles on Syrian airbase Moment USS Ross launches Tomahawk missiles into Syria The moment Stockholm police catch the third beer truck... Is this the rudest backpacker ever? French tourist... Furious Putin calls US airstrikes an 'illegal act of... PIERS MORGAN: Trump was right to bomb Assad. If the evil... Incredible moment teenager walking in the woods shouts... Kremlin tells U.S. it's 'one step from war' as Trump... Family pay tribute to Romanian tourist, 31, 'cruelly... Assad's base in ruins: Dramatic satellite photos reveal... Shocking moment terror suspect is wrestled to floor by... Dear neighbours... sorry about the building work, here's... Shameless Diane Abbott REFUSES to apologise for branding... 'Mowgli girl' found living with monkeys is filmed walking... Baby Charlie's parents sob as court-appointed guardian... How Trump unleashed awesome arsenal on Assad: Tomahawk... What do YOU think this says? Next greetings card has... Jane the Virgin star offered $1.5M A YEAR for weekly sex... Trump at war: White House reveals president's improvised... Why didn’t Putin’s Growlers intercept Trump’s Tomahawks?... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Mama June shocks by dropping into Sugar Bear's wedding after massive weight loss effort in dramatic From Not to Hot finale Made a grand entrance  Caitlyn Jenner admits regrets in new Diane Sawyer interview... after admitting the Kardashians have frozen her out Opening up Making the beach her runway! Cindy Crawford wows in white and mint bikini while frolicking in St. Barts She's currently on vacation with her family Cindy Crawford's model daughter Kaia Gerber sports lilac bikini as she enjoys a dip in St Barths Hung out at the beach with her mom and dad Family tradition! Jessa, Jill and Jinger Duggar reveal the nostalgic thing they did to their wedding dresses to remind them of their mother It's not just beaches! From canyons to nature reserves, why Los Angeles has the best outdoor spaces  SPONSORED Bringing the glam! Johnny Depp's ex Amber Heard cuts a sophisticated figure as she leads the stars at benefit gala in LA Sported a bow tie 'New hair, who dis?' Zoe Kravitz debuts brand new pixie cut on Instagram after chopping off all her hair One snap showed her braids on the tile floor Date night! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her growing baby bump in LBD after dinner with fiance Jason Statham Expecting her first child  Renee Zellweger is practically unrecognizable as she ditches the blonde for brunette in Same Kind Of Different As Me teaser Making a splash! Courteney Cox, 52, looks sensational in black bikini as she hits the waves in the Bahamas The actress was looking better than ever 'What's better than sweats?' Britney Spears gets comfortable in a cropped T-shirt and shows off her impressive abs and cheeky tattoos Misty mornings, dreamy sunsets and picture-perfect cocktails: 12 Instagram photos that perfectly capture the LA vibe SPONSORED From the spa to the slopes? Lena Dunham emerges from a holistic health session in a ski-themed sweater Spotted looking fresh faced The apple of their eye! Claire Danes and husband Hugh Dancy hold hands with son Cyrus during nature hike The family was spotted enjoying the sun Jenna Jameson shares first picture of newborn baby girl after welcoming third child at 42... and reveals her VERY unusual name Tot weighed in at 8lbs  They're in paradise! Sleepy Hollow star Lyndie Greenwood shows off bikini body during romantic getaway to Los Cabos with beau Ben Jamieson 'My fellas!': Jurnee Smollett-Bell shares first photo of 5-month-old son Hunter with husband Josiah Bell Welcomed in November Gabrielle Union dons vibrant canary yellow parachute pants and avian-inspired embroidered coat for night out with husband Dwyane Wade Carrie Fisher's brother confirms Princess Leia WILL appear in Star Wars Episode IX... which will be released three years after her death Not using CGI 'Mom and dad co-parenting': Kourtney Kardashian insists she's NOT back with Scott Disick after Hawaii trip as she gets lunch with Kim and Khloe Travel buddies! Katherine Heigl shares sweet snap of her smiling baby boy while waiting to board flight to LA Her flight was delayed Guardian of the gal-waxy! Zoe Saldana unveils her waxwork at Madame Tussauds in Hollywood Joined by her husband, mother and grandmother She's a knockout! Brooke Burke shows off svelte abs as she squares up to a punch bag Wore a red sports bra and slouchy grey pants She rocks! Megan Fox dons ripped jeans and large crystal for shopping jaunt in Malibu Wore a large stone, which appeared to be an amethyst 'THIS is 41!' Candace Cameron Bure's trainer reveals how she helped the star sculpt chiseled abs and a toned body that put people half her age 'to shame' Just SEVEN ads ran on Bill O'Reilly's show after nearly 60 companies boycotted it following sex harassment claims against the host - but ratings didn't suffered Love's young dream: Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner enjoy kisses in the sea on romantic getaway to St Barts  Carrie Fisher's daughter and her Twilight beau Orange Is The New Black's Diane Guerrero flaunts her fabulous physique in tropical swimsuit while puckering up to mystery man in Miami 'A 100% successful transplant': Danny Masterson shares photo of wife Bijou Phillips with her kidney donor after life-saving surgery She's now recovering Bella Thorne flaunts her bikini body on Instagram for World Health Day... after claiming she was depressed Hid her face The incredible shrinking man! Jonah Hill shows off major weight loss as he grabs lunch in LA with gal pal  Ventured out for a bite with a friend That's how she does it! Kelly Bensimon shows how she gets her ageless bikini bod as she packs a punch  The 48-year-old returned to New York on Friday This is 33! Mandy Moore celebrates her birthday early with boyfriend Taylor Goldsmith and pals at Disneyland Happiest Place On Earth Gerard Butler sports unkempt beard and cable knit jumper as he continues shooting new film Keeper in Scotland Looked different from his usual dapper self Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful in leopard-print dress as she joins Jasmine Tookes and Olivia Palermo at fragrance luncheon Something to tell us? Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle reveals she is shutting down her lifestyle blog after three years, while romance with royal heats up First ladies Melania Trump and Peng Liyuan  interviewed by student journalists and pupils sing about empowering women as the pair bond at Palm Beach school  Big Little Frappe! Reese Witherspoon picks up an iced coffee after sweating it out at yoga Filled up with a big cream topped Frappe 'It brought her to tears': 'Emotional Cheryl touched' after Ashley Cole wished her and Liam Payne 'only happiness' following the birth of their first child New Game Of Thrones costumes for highly anticipated seventh season revealed in HBO promo The next season doesn't air until July Stephen Belafonte is barred from distributing any Mel B sex tapes as she claims the 'nanny he got pregnant is holding them hostage and is still on his payroll' Black to basics! Kim Kardashian embraces her dark side as she flashes sideboob in busty bodysuit for lunch outing Met up with her sisters Fun in the sun! Kevin Hart treats wife and two kids to island vacation after wrapping film, The Untouchables The actor put his muscular abs on display Gordon Ramsay reflects on close friendship with David Beckham and insists that their children will never be romantically involved Cheat day! Khloe Kardashian flashes her bra in sheer top as she digs into 200 calorie frozen yogurt cone after dieting down to 128lbs Went from a size 12 to 4 Simon Cowell reveals 'incredible' Mel B is 'under pressure but in a good place'... in light of nasty split from ex Stephen Belafonte She filed for divorce Don't start believin! Steve Perry will NOT perform with former band Journey at Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame induction Fans were excited 'I'm a happily married man!': Alec Baldwin clarifies when he said he fell in love with Tina Fey he meant he fell in love with her 'talent' Didn't hold back Hair raising! Sarah Michelle Gellar styles her tresses in eye-catching updo as she promotes new cookbook Turns 40 next Friday Ivanka Trump gushes over Arabella and Joseph serenading Xi Jinping and his wife in Mandarin during the Chinese president's meeting with Donald  Comfort first! Rihanna makes fashion faux pas wearing socks and sandals at LAX after Japan trip She made a surprising fashion choice Bad hair day! Ashlee Simpson is nearly unrecognizable with wild blonde locks after a workout in LA The star seemed to have left her comb at home Spring break: Pink keeps her post-baby body under wraps while in Mexico as she shares a snap of four-month old Jameson Family vacation 'That image was taken to represent some kind of sexual misconduct': Cuba Gooding explains how playful moment with Sarah Paulson was twisted 'They ARE supportive!': Jordan Rodgers' fiancée JoJo Fletcher gushed about his family just hours before outcast Aaron split from Olivia Munn Glow on the go! Kate Bosworth looks radiant as she touches down after cross country flight The 34-year-old star looked fresh faced when she arrived Friday Kim Zolciak and Brielle accuse Flywheel of 'fat-shaming' their chef, claiming the company refused to let them film there, because the staffer is overweight Little People, Big World's Amy Roloff opens up about ex-husband's 'hurtful' new relationship with family confidante Vents about the romance Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino from Jersey Shore hit with tax evasion charge that could send him to prison while awaiting trial for not reporting $8.9m earnings Bling it on! Kanye West is launching a jewelry line... and his wife Kim Kardashian has already been modeling the chunky gold pieces for months Who needs Mar-a-lago? Marla Maples practices yoga at Villa Borghese in Rome Filming segment for the Italian version of DWTS  'She had black eye and bruising everywhere': Sharon Osbourne speaks out on '10 years of physical and mental abuse Mel B suffered at hands of husband' Mel B sports floral print midi-dress as she step out in Hollywood... after her lawyers 'win court order' barring estranged Stephen Belafonte from releasing sex tapes Exes Iggy Azalea and Nick Young list Tarzana mansion for $3.6M... after rapper reveals she now lives in a 'regular' house Broke up in June 2016 Mel B claims her husband made her join in threesomes and got the nanny pregnant... but now he's set to hit back with explosive claims of his own The A-Z of Pippa's big day: Carole's the party planner. Naughty Uncle Gary IS invited, but Harry's Meghan WON'T be there Society event Sexy Cindy! Ms Crawford, 51, poses TOPLESS on the beach while modeling 'mom jeans' after flaunting her bikini body in St Barts Put snap on Instagram Going on a beer run! Makeup-free Anne Hathaway joins husband Adam Shulman as they pick up a pack of craft brew from LA grocery store Jane the Virgin star offered $1.5M A YEAR for weekly sex romps with NHL owner she says in police report that claims married father grew obsessed with her From Rihanna's new jewelry collaboration with Chopard to Harley Viera-Newton's line of dresses, we reveal the fashions we're loving this week Singer Ricky Martin has been cast as Gianni Versace's lover Antonio D'Amico in Ryan Murphy's Versace: American Crime Story Murdered 20 years ago Holland Taylor, 74, looks youthful in sporty gear as she legs it around town without girfriend Sarah Paulson  She's celebrating 50 years in showbiz  'Sometimes I feel like I can't get out of bed': Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman on competing while battling debilitating periods Aiming for 2020 games Photos offer a rare look at Andy Warhol and his Factory friends prowling around the streets of New York City in the 1960s Artist died in 1987 Hotting up! Sofia Vergara covers up in just a bedsheet as she films racy scene with co-star Karl Urban for new movie Bent in Italy She plays ruthless agent Olivia Munn and Aaron Rodgers 'break up after three years'... amid claims the sexy actress was at the center of NFL star's family feud  Shocking revelations Nautical and nice! Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley, 51, sizzles as she flaunts her busty assets and enviably toned midriff in TINY string bikini 'Thanks for greatest proposal ever!': Emma Stone responds to teen's La La Land-inspired prom request adding he resembles Ryan Gosling She's a new Girl! Lena Dunham twirls in vintage designer dress just like supermodel Naomi Campbell... before donning her jeans for an outing 'Whoa u shady!': Chrissy Teigen responds in awe after children's character Arthur ribs 'look-alike' John Legend over his yellow top on Twitter Is a healthy MIND key to a toned body? Khloe Kardashian's Revenge Body trainer reveals her simple tips to get in top shape (and it's all down to mental wellbeing!) Mama June reveals daughter Honey Boo Boo has dropped 7lbs as family join in weight loss effort Alana, 11, inspired by mom's makeover EXCLUSIVE: Kellyanne Conway's mom defends her father Jimmy 'the Brute' DiNatale, saying nickname was earned because of his strength NOT his Mafia ties  Indecent exposure! Bella Hadid flashes naked hips as she pulls down sweatpants to reveal SHEER bodysuit in move that leaves fans gawking in NYC Following in her big sister's footsteps: Pippa Middleton steps out in a sweater and skinny jeans just a day after Kate opted for a near identical outfit  Kylie Jenner slashes price of luxury 'starter home' by ANOTHER $300K to $3.3M The 5-bedroom house was first listed for $3.9M in June last year 'I can't wait to see him as James Bond': Oscar winning writer John Ridley lets slip Idris Elba is set for iconic 007 role He would be first black actor to play secret agent 'He stuck with me!' Meghan Trainor reveals she couldn't talk for three months after vocal surgery... so her boyfriend learned sign language Mel B 'has changed divorce petition to request permanent sole custody of daughter Madison' amid feud with estranged husband Stephen Belafonte  Beret quirky! Rita Ora rocks mismatched striped shirt and joggers ensemble as she heads to the studio to record new music in London Axed ANTM host Adele's 2011 hit album 21 makes history as longest-charting album by a woman on Billboard 200... beating Carole King's classic Tapestry Its 319th week on chart 'Can we watch something else?': Adam Sandler admits daughters don't like his movies The 50-year-old actor sat down with Ellen  BREAKING NEWS: Stage and screen actor Tim Pigott-Smith has died aged 70  British star best known for 1984 mini-series The Jewel in the Crown Crop of the morning! Scout Willis shows off her taut waist in sports bra and shorts after hitting the gym Bruce and Demi's 25-year-old daughter Riding on! Alec Baldwin's son Rafael is in the driving seat as the two head out for coffee with mom Hilaria It's been another eventful week for Baldwin clan Supermodel Joan Smalls cups her bountiful assets as she shows off sensational figure while bathing in a Jamaican pool for swimwear campaign 'There is nothing more fun than playing ridiculous comedic villains': Smurfs actor Rainn Wilson reveals what it's like to be the bad guy  Newly-single Kylie Jenner 'in the midst of a love triangle as two rappers vie for her attention'... following split from long-term beau Tyga Rosie And Her Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat: Pregnant supermodel Huntington-Whiteley covers growing bump as she heads to a meeting in New York Here comes the hotstepper: Kate Upton shows off a series of bizarre moves as she competes against Jimmy Fallon in hilarious dance-off Auditioning for Baywatch? Heidi Klum models very sexy red bikini as she races through the ocean with her daughter Lou in Turks And Caicos EXCLUSIVE: Housewives Sheree Whitfield, Jill Zarin, Joanna Krupa and Gretchen Rossi to star in new SITCOM portraying washed up reality stars  Kimmel pays emotional tribute to master of insults Don Rickles as footage is released of comedian's final TV project after he passed away aged 90 'Happy Friday!' Geri Horner shows off trim stomach just TWO MONTHS after giving birth as she kicks off her weekend in social media video Lord Snowdon's former mistress and their now teenage lovechild join Queen  Elizabeth at thanksgiving service in memory of the late photographer  Pippa Middleton 'BANS sexy model Vogue Williams from attending her wedding'... despite her dating groom James Matthews' brother Spencer Splish splash! Kaia Gerber and father Rande swim in the surf during their  family vacation to St Barts Cindy Crawford's model daughter  Gigi Hadid makes low-key appearance in Paris as she ditches her usual catwalk glam for a casual pair of mom jeans and biker boots Still looked stylish Paquin a punch: True Blood's Anna goes completely naked to romp with Downton Abbey star Allen Leech in Canadian drama Bellevue Eyes up here! Courtney Stodden flashes lots of flesh in plunging tank top and skin tight skirt at LA bash Partying at 1OAK  in West Hollywood 'The lies!' Kandi Burruss bawls at Porsha Williams over 'rapist' claim in wild sneak peek of RHOA reunion Ultimate showdown 'You should get her number Mel': Irish model Holly Carpenter reveals singer's 'creepy' ex husband Stephen Belafonte invited her to one of their parties Willing and Abel? Leggy Selena Gomez attempts to keep a  low profile as she and The Weeknd slip out of Hollywood hotspot on romantic date night  'I feel unsafe': Former Savage Garden singer Darren Hayes says he worries about holding hands with husband Richard Cullen 'in public situations'  Kim Kardashian's famous sex tape with Ray J has netted '$100million since its release TEN years ago' The homemade video made her a star I'll be there for you! Courteney Cox hugs her daughter Coco as they return to LA from Florida break... following the youngster's music video debut Game Of Thrones' Nathalie Emmanuel teams animal print top with asymmetric mini skirt as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel show  British beauty stunned 'I hated THAT diet, it was torture': Action star Jai Courtney reveals how he stays buff in Hollywood including his strict diet for Terminator Genisys Model Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in a low-cut top and high-rise jeans as she stops to buy gas in Los Angeles Busy running errands Top table! Jared and Ivanka are seated beside Chinese First Lady at Mar-A-Lago dinner after flying in with their Mandarin-speaking kids for summit  Scheana Shay wears cleavage baring LBD as she steps out for first time since revealing struggle with anorexia Admitted to suffering from the disorder 'You've always been a b****: Newly slim Mama June is confronted by Sugar Bear's fiancée in From Not to Hot finale teaser Pending nuptials Painting the town red! Freida Pinto dazzles in scarlet pant suit and sexy lace cami as she promotes new TV series Guerrilla in London What's going on here? Bella Hadid spotted exiting a car with Australian model Jordan Barrett... after unfollowing ex The Weeknd on Instagram Fully booked (and clothed)! Brooke Burke wears jumper and jeans to signing after going topless at beach She attended the event fully clothed 'My amazing grandmother saved Jews from Hitler': Prince Charles reveals how the Duke of Edinburgh's mother took in a Jewish family in WWII 'I've aged, so my face has thinned out a little bit': Kim Zolciak explains her changing looks... but still insists she never had a nose job Former RHOA star Hot metal! Jennifer Lopez wows as she flashes ample cleavage in plunging silver tank top The star, 47, wowed in the stunning number He doesn't know where to look! Prince Harry chuckles as he meets physio wearing just underwear to learn about sports injuries ahead of Invictus Games Purple reign! Beaming Princess Beatrice wears a bold mini dress to take to the stage in New York  Looked comfortable talking to the crowd 'I was the girl version of Macaulay Culkin': Busy Philipps shares adorable throwback image... after glam appearance at Fashion LA awards Kiss in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker locks lips with Divorce co-star Thomas Haden Church on set in NYC Pair play couple going through a divorce Sheer delight! Katy Perry flashes flesh in see-through top for stunning arrival at Chanel dinner She showed off her platinum 'do Queen Letizia of Spain looks stylish in top-to-toe teal as she and King Felipe board a bullet train with the Japanese Emperor and Empress 'This angel is absolutely perfect': Million Dollar Listing star Josh Altman and wife Heather welcome baby daughter Alexis Tot weighed in at 7lbs Still got the Baywatch bod! Kelly Rohrbach gives a peek of her taut stomach as she stretches in cropped sweater during lunch in Los Angeles She's got great jeans! Khloe Kardashian parades bodacious behind in black tracksuit on way to her Good American denim warehouse Leg-endary! Kim Kardashian praises fan who got her and husband Kanye West's names tattooed on each thigh Tatts-too much! Peep show! Lea Michele flashes her cleavage and midriff in lace up bodysuit during photo shoot inside recording studio Showing some skin The color purple! Jennifer Hudson draws stares as she flaunts wares in tight dress at Sandy Wexler premiere Looked vibrant in the stunning outfit 'It's very scary': Expecting dad Zach Roloff reveals baby son may be a dwarf in Little People, Big World teaser Reveals his secret heartache Billie Lourd joins cast of American Horror Story season seven about 2016 US election starring Sarah Paulson  Carrie Fisher's 24-year-old daughter  'He called me up to the front of the stage': Cindy Santana gushes about the moment husband legendary musician Carlos proposing to her live on stage Leading ladies! Karlie Kloss shows off flawless figure in metallic number as Allison Williams stuns in off-the-shoulder dress at DVF Awards Flirty Sofia indulges in some very sexy dance moves with handsome producer Andrea Iervolino as she displays her curves in a very busty lace dress Mad for fashion! Christina Hendricks dons splashy and colorful ensemble at LA play opening Always knows how to grab attention  Safety first! Padma Lakshmi holds hands with adorable daughter Krishna while crossing street in NYC Stunned in a chic winter ensemble Juggling act: Paris Hilton clutches pooch Diamond Baby while hand-in-hand with new beau Chris Zylka on shopping trip in LA Romance going strong An historic moment! Taylor Swift wins bid to have movie mogul Goldwyn's mansion designated landmark (and can now apply for tax relief) 'I'm literally going to throw up!': Fans go wild as One Direction's Harry Styles debuts first solo single Sign Of The Times It's been a long time coming  Proud mom Jessa Duggar shares snap of two-month old son Henry taking his 'first steps' Welcomed their son Henry on February 6 Forever on vacation! Gwyneth Paltrow enjoys freshly squeezed juice and stunning views while on extended vacation in Mexico Relaxed lifestyle Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall 'forgets to wear a bra' as she jokingly draws attention to her assets while sporting a cheekily designed t-shirt 'Boys' night out': David Beckham enjoys dinner date with sons Romeo and Cruz as they dine out in style in LA Has focused on family since email furor Charlie Sheen shares fun throwback image from 1987 film No Man's Land featuring Brad Pitt as an extra Sheen was on the cusp of superstardom Sparkle and shine! Kate Bosworth dazzles in clingy off-the-shoulder dress at DVF Awards Oozed glitz and glamor in an off-the-shoulder and fitted dress 'I'd prefer to have sex than die': Ed Sheeran confirms he is not killed off during 'five minute' role on GOT... after filming surprise cameo for fan Maisie Williams Hayden Panettiere all smiles while catching departing flight at Los Angeles airport in chic double denim Pulled off the double denim look 'Did you say ninja?!' Mark Hamill voices Han Solo to perfection in Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars The Force Awakens Tribute to Carrie Fisher 'Being boujee!': Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian treat themselves to caviar facials inside an oxygen bubble Unusual treatment No Blindspot here! Jaimie Alexander dons chic spectacles and sky-high heels for New York Moves Power Women Forum in NYC Business attire Streaming stars! Adam Sandler suits up for premiere of new Netflix comedy Sandy Wexler featuring wife Jackie Escorted his wife and co-star Jackie The pact is strong! Reese Witherspoon poses with Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley and their Big Little Lies castmembers in throwback snap Proving them wrong! Hailey Baldwin lets denim jacket slip off her shoulder to reveal svelte frame... after addressing pregnancy rumors Retail therapy at Barneys Plotting his return? Reclusive Richard Simmons signs lucrative new global licensing deal that suggests he may soon high-kick his way out of hiding 'The teepee goes into the peepee': Anne Hathaway's parenting chat on Ellen with Colossal co-star Jason Sudeikis takes hilarious turn They sure like to show their bodies off! Kristin Cavallari flaunts chest and legs during shoot... after sharing naked photo of husband Jay Cutler Iskra Lawrence flaunts her enviable curves in a demure floral jumpsuit for the DVF Awards in New York Cut a demure figure at the DVF Awards Lily Collins shows off her svelte figure in colorful blazer and mini skirt at Chanel dinner Paired her outfit with a black lace top and peep-toe sandal heels Chris Evans reunites with Gifted co-stars McKenna Grace and Octavia Spencer at NYC screening Posed at a screening of his new film Gifted This boy is on fire! Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz's two-year-old tot Genesis shows off impressive musical instincts Keeping a beat     DON'T MISS Love's young dream! Jai Courtney's stunning girlfriend Mecki Dent flashes her bra in sheer top as the couple put on an affectionate display  Beautiful couple 'Why are they calling you My Cocaine?' Sir Michael Caine reveals he was once thought to be a drug dealer thanks to pronunciation of his own name PICTURED: German nanny Lorraine Gilles is seen for the first time following Mel B's claim that she fell pregnant during affair with Stephen Belafonte Another reason to fall in love with him! Chris Hemsworth leaves fans in awe as he shows off his incredible surfing skills in Australia Indulging in his passion 'I broke up with the guy I was going to marry, so I had to move out': Iggy Azalea 'sold her cars and lives in a regular house' after breaking up with Nick Young Curtain couture! Olivia Culpo channels The Sound of Music in quirky dress The 24-year-old worked the unusual ensemble in West Hollywood Poppy Delevingne offers a glimpse of cleavage as she goes braless in a plunging cream jacket at star-studded Chanel dinner in LA  Jimmy Fallon proves marriage to Nancy is just fine as they make rare appearance with daughters Winnie and Frances at Universal Studios 'You must be willing to die for something': The life and death of Tupac Shakur unfolds in official trailer for All Eyez On Me Lead role is played by Demetrius Shipp 'It started 11 years ago': Scheana Shay reveals she became anorexic 'before Kim Kardashian made big butts cool' Star opens her heart  FIRST PHOTO: New dad Jesse Eisenberg enjoys stroll with baby boy and girlfriend Anna Strout in NYC Showing off his baby boy for the first time EXCLUSIVE 'My best friend is my wife': Spandau Ballet's Martin Kemp gushes about  life with Shirlie Holliman as the lovebirds approach 30 years of marriage Brooklyn Beckham debuts new mustache as he heads to dinner in mismatched shoes... amid backlash over 'meaningless' Native American tattoo No spring in her step! Malia Obama braves rainy New York City weather in her parka as she heads to work Spotted heading into the Weinstein & Co offices She's ripped! Paige Butcher shows off insanely toned tummy in Hawaii as takes a dip in the ocean while holding baby she had with Eddie Murphy Dynamic duo! Sarah Paulson wows in black sheer midi as Keri Russell goes casual chic at star-studded FX upfront event in NYC Major stars gathered She's the main act! Brooke Shields shows off leg in sophisticated blue gown at opening of Broadway play At the opening of War Paint in New York Show me the money! Stephen Belafonte files official response to Mel B's divorce petition and wants her to pay He has asked her to pay his lawyer's fees Mel B dresses to impress as she makes her second consecutive appearance since winning a restraining order against husband Stephen Belafonte No frown at The Get Down: Baz Luhrmann, 54, reveals his VERY wrinkle free and puffy complexion at Netflix premiere in New York Australian icon Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after legendary comedian Don Rickles passes away aged 90 at his LA home  Legendary funnyman With a little help from her friends: Melissa George comforted by gal pals on a night out amid bitter custody dispute with ex Jean-David Blanc Avengers: Infinity War filming continues as a HUGE explosion rocks Edinburgh...as stars such as Elizabeth Olsen continue shooting for anticipated flick Singing showdown! Demi Lovato and James Corden go face-to-face in Divas Riff-Off song battle Corden learned never to challenge a modern diva Sleepover with the BFF: Kylie Jenner enjoys relaxing morning in bed with Jordyn Woods... after ex boyfriend Tyga moves out Leaning on her bestie If you've got it, flaunt it! Chloe Grace Moretz puts her long and toned legs on display after Pilates class Showed off her gym-honed figure Scarlett Johansson attacks Ivanka Trump as 'cowardly' and 'disappointing' at women's conference - after playing her in SNL 'Complict' skit 'My honey': Cindy Crawford toasts her husband of 20 years Rande Gerber on beach break in St Barths Shared a photo from her family's vacation He cleans up nice! Bill and Hillary Clinton's male model nephew looks a mess in his 2015 mugshot after bar fight Now Tyler Clinton, 22, is signed with IMG agency  Daisy Lowe flashes her bra under sheer shirt as she works androgynous chic at star-studded American Gods premiere Rocked the red carpet Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia will go on display during the TCM Classic Film Festival... four months after her death Her memory is living on Is a hat-trick in the Cannes for Nicole? Actress could have three movies gracing the film festival next month  Will soon be revealed Victoria Beckham reveals how much she relies on David when she's working... as she credits her 'insecure' Spice Girl days for her fashion empire A sugar lump, Camilla? How sweet of you: Duchess feeds stallion during visit to Vienna's Spanish Riding School  Given a tour of the celebrated riding school Harry Styles reveals he would be 'honoured' to be godfather to Liam Payne and Cheryl's newborn son... but admits he has 'a lot of competition' Fergie charity in hot water over failure to file accounts: Foundation is served with default notice by watchdog after not providing details since 2013  Is walking barefoot the secret to a better life? Gwyneth Paltrow says she 'swears by' unique 'earthing' therapy, which is said to cure insomnia and depression Paris chic! Diane Kruger models leather jacket, pink scarf to hit French Movie Festival... but beau Norman Reedus is nowhere to be seen No one's looking at her feet! Chanel Iman flashes her toned midriff in leather bralette as she promotes sandals The 26-year-old model flashed the flesh  'You big needy bald baby!': Mel B fights with husband Stephen Belafonte and breaks down in couples therapy as clips from their reality show resurface  Mel B is spotted leaving lawyer's office amid reports she's 'bringing in forensic accountant after ex Stephen Belafonte took control of her finances' EXCLUSIVE: Dean McDermott splurges on a second motorcycle and anti-aging treatment as Amex joins list of creditors demanding $80,000 from wife Tori  Pregnant Lara Trump is left to wrangle her own $4,000 Louis Vuitton suitcase ahead of a flight to Washington, D.C. as her Secret Service agents look on Beauty and the best: Selena Gomez's $2 manicure and Stella Maxwell's purple smoky eye top our list of the week's most head-turning looks They sure look good together! Bra-free Courtney Stodden flashes sideboob in tiny tank top as she cuddles up to a mystery man in Beverly Hills As Emily Ratajkowski and Chrissy Teigen step out rocking the deconstructed shirting trend, FEMAIL rounds up the chicest options for YOU to shop now Austin Powers star Verne Troyer hospitalized for alcohol abuse and will be checking into rehab Actor, 48, at San Fernando Valley facility What Pepsi backlash? Kendall Jenner brushes off controversy by sharing throwback snap of her hair in braids She is yet to publicly comment on storm Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia will go on display during the TCM Classic Film Festival... four months after her death EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The Queen prepares to say goodbye to 'Royal outsider' Lord Snowdon Memorial service for her late brother-in-law Game of Thrones' The Mountain has Bell's palsy: Here's what it means Recently revealed he has temporary facial paralysis Hungry for love! Anthony Bourdain shares passionate kiss with younger Italian girlfriend before proudly watching her in a play in Rome EXCLUSIVE: Justin Bieber sticks it to a fan who successfully sued him over pricey cancelled meet-and-greet sessions during his tour 'You have an ally': Justin Theroux says he loves being married to Jennifer Aniston because she always has his back Pair tied knot in 2015 'I'm still turned on by her': Scott Disick admits he's still attracted to ex Kourtney Kardashian  He split from the mother of his three children in 2015 'It costs $40K a month to be me!': Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star Erika Jayne says she has to spend a fortune to look good for the camera Encore! Amy Schumer watches John Mayer in concert at Madison Square Garden in NYC The Trainwreck star was smiling and clapping to the soft-rocker's hits Gender non-binary Billions star asks the Emmys to reconsider their 'actor or actress' categories and decides to compete as an 'actor' Breakout star 'The president is a moron': Former SNL star Taran Killam says Donald Trump struggled to read and didn't get many of the jokes when he hosted in 2015  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lindsay Lohan swaps modest Burkini for sexy cut-out swimsuit in Thailand Mean Girls actress has been studying Islam  'I never felt sexy with guys before': Meghan Trainor dishes on boyfriend Daryl Sabara as she reveals he's 'obsessed' with her body Winnie Harlow shows off her impossibly long legs in tiny miniskirt as she appears at star-studded WE Day charity event in New York Sofia Richie bonds with dad Lionel as he recovers from knee injury that forced him to postpone tour with Mariah Carey Spotted at concert in LA Supportive sister: Dressed down Duchess of Cambridge leaves Pippa's house in London after a bridal party summit six weeks before the big day  The Daily Show pokes fun at Ivanka Trump redefining the word 'complicit' in funny series of tweets that put a totally new spin on other phrases Tiffany makes first White House visit and attends event in support of wounded veterans before all five Trump kids head to Mar-a-Lago with Donald  Wined and refined! Eva Longoria looks effortlessly chic in black dungarees as she visits Basque vineyard with husband José Bastón Pair on getaway to Spain 'Blowhard bully' Alec Baldwin bashes 'untalented Hollywood producer' in Twitter spat over love scene in 2006 film with underage actress Nikki Reed Moving on to the legs! David Beckham adds to huge tattoo collection as he shares photo of his new shin inking... days after watching son Brooklyn get his first tatt Katie Holmes enjoys outing with pretty-in-pink Suri... days after she was pictured at dinner with Jamie Foxx The 38-year-old actress was spotted in New York Empire actor Morocco Omari arrested for domestic violence Is accused of repeatedly pushing a 24-year-old woman during an argument in Chicago  Freida Pinto steals the show in elegant embroidered ensemble as she joins co-star Idris Elba at the UK launch of new TV drama Guerrilla Slumdog Millionaire star Ready for Easter! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend pose with their daughter Luna as they take photos with a bunny in West Hollywood Get Out wins the most MTV Movie & TV Awards nominations while Beauty & The Beast, Game Of Thrones and Stranger Things also do well The Spice that divided Mel's marriage: Stephen Belafonte looks on as America's Got Talent judge shares VERY amorous clinch with two female friends PICTURED: Mel B shares a smile with the stunning German nanny she FIRED just six weeks after this 'mortifying' family vacation to Ibiza Lily-Rose Depp looks Parisian chic in casual black-and-white outfit while on shopping trip The 17-year-old model headed to popular LA  mall The Grove As stars like Charlotte McKinney and Kendall Jenner are looking pretty in pink, FEMAIL rounds up chicest clothing and accessories in soft hue She had the full Hollywood makeover! Mama June spent $10K getting her teeth fixed... after weight loss surgery, skin removal and a boob job 'You f***ing racist': Shia LaBeouf gets kicked out of Studio City bowling alley after exploding into a rant at fellow patron The 30-year-old was tossed out of  Pinz  Kourtney Kardashian heads out on another dinner date with Quincy Brown after getaway to Hawaii with ex Scott Disick and their children Something to tell us? Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley cradles her blossoming baby bump as she treats herself to a shopping spree   Expecting her first child  A home fit for a Starman! David Bowie's former New York apartment hits the market for $6.5million - and it even comes with the rock legend's piano Paul O'Neill, creator of the rock group Trans-Siberian Orchestra, is found dead in a Florida hotel room at age 61 Body discovered in Tampa Embassy Suites  Heidi Klum flaunts her athletic figure and impressive abs in a patterned bikini on beach Turks and Caicos getaway AGT judge looking good PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Makeup-free Game Of Thrones actress Maisie Williams cools down after going for jogging with a male pal in London Hollywood heartthrob Gerard Butler sports a bushy beard and flat cap as he continues to film new movie Keepers The 47-year-old is pulling off different look  Today's headlines Most Read Kremlin tells U.S. it's 'one step from war' as Trump warns he will hit Syria AGAIN after his attack on... Casey Anthony cries and laughs and whines and screams in never-before-seen prison video while evading her... Put nukes in South Korea and KILL Kim Jong-un: National Security Council gives Trump options for dealing... Psychology professor reveals a series of mindbending puzzles designed to boost memory and reduce the risk of... Take your best shot, Donald: Syrian warplanes take off from airbase targeted by US cruise missiles just... Did Russia hit hospital to cover up Syrian gas horror? New U.S. probe on Kremlin involvement as U.N.... Syria claims it KNEW America was about to launch airstrikes hours before the attack on its airbase and moved... Assad's base in ruins: Dramatic satellite photos reveal how airfield pounded with 59 Tomahawk cruise... 'We love you': Syrians 'thank' Trump for US airstrikes by changing their Twitter profiles to photos of him Was it really sarin, was Assad to blame and could Western spy agencies be involved? Historian and terrorism... PIERS MORGAN: Trump was right to bomb Assad. If the evil gassing of children isn’t justification for giving... 'The times we are living in call for difficult decisions': Ivanka Trump says she's 'proud' of her father's... How 'emotional' Trump was moved to act after seeing horrifying pictures of Syrian children suffering - while... Russia accuses US of breaching international law with airstrike on Syrian airbase as UN hears America acted... KATIE HOPKINS: I'd like to support bombing Assad but is Trump thinking with his head, his heart ... or... Why didn’t Putin’s Growlers intercept Trump’s Tomahawks? Russian leader’s missile protection system failed... Trump's Syrian airstrike wasn't a story about good versus evil, it was a cynical political stunt shamelessly... Is this proof Assad DID launch chemical weapon attacks from the base Trump bombed? Photos of wreckage show... Trump at war: White House reveals president's improvised situation room inside Mar-a-Lago minutes after... From a surf 'n' turf with the Chinese premier to his Florida war room: How Trump retired from a state dinner... Dear neighbours... sorry about the building work, here's £45,000 (and a Hoover) Yours, the Clooneys: George... 10 foods you THINK are healthy (but you'd be better off with a sandwich)  The mystery behind THAT blue and black dress is finally solved: Scientists reveal why some people see it as... The moment Stockholm police catch the third beer truck 'terrorist' after a dramatic high-speed car chase:... Was Trump right about Sweden all along? President was ridiculed for suggesting famously liberal country was... Terrifying moment hundreds of pedestrians run for their lives after terrorist truck attack in Sweden... Tears for the truck attack victims: Sweden’s Prime Minister weeps as he lays roses and lights a candle at... Dash from death: Panicked shoppers run inside a store to avoid a terrorist truck hurtling towards them... Were the 'two maidens' of Pompeii really gay lovers? Tests reveal iconic preserved figures found wrapped in... MORE HEADLINES Rachel Maddow fans erupt at 'sexist' NBC after the anchor is bumped from her own show because of Syria strike and replaced by Brian Williams who waxes lyrical at 'beautiful' missiles  The moment Stockholm police catch the third beer truck 'terrorist' after a dramatic high-speed car chase: 'ISIS-supporting' Uzbeki father-of-four, 39, is arrested before another suspect is led away in handcuffs  Kremlin tells U.S. it's 'one step from war' as Trump warns he will hit Syria AGAIN after his attack on Russia's ally Assad triggers fears of World War Three Assad's base in ruins: Dramatic satellite photos reveal how airfield pounded with 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles is 'almost completely destroyed' after punishment for deadly chemical weapon attack PIERS MORGAN: Trump was right to bomb Assad. If the evil gassing of children isn’t justification for giving the perpetrator a bloody nose, then what is? Is this the rudest backpacker ever? French tourist REFUSES to move her 'rancid, smelly feet' from disgusted passenger's head rest on a bus in Thailand  Jane the Virgin star offered $1.5M A YEAR for weekly sex romps with NHL owner she says in police report that claims married father grew obsessed and begged to be her 'fairy godfather' Trump at war: White House reveals president's improvised situation room inside Mar-a-Lago minutes after Tomahawk missiles struck Syrian airfield How Trump unleashed awesome arsenal on Assad: Tomahawk missiles launched from US destroyers 150 miles away with pinpoint accuracy without endangering American pilots or enraging neighbouring allies  EXCLUSIVE - ‘As far as I’m concerned, she ruined my life’: Cancer con victim whose mother drugged her with sleeping pills and shaved her hair to convince her she was dying reveals how the crime haunts her still  Incredible moment teenager walking in the woods shouts into a hole…and a man missing for a MONTH calls back before police find him days from death Aggressive passenger recorded telling an Uber driver she will falsely accuse him of RAPE as they argue about a phone charger is BANNED from the ride service for life Why didn’t Putin’s Growlers intercept Trump’s Tomahawks? Russian leader’s missile protection system failed to prevent attack on Syrian airfield 'Mowgli girl' found living with monkeys is filmed walking upright for the first time as police reveal she is destined to spend life in an Indian orphanage because no one has claimed her  Mystery as missing lifeguard, 21, is found dead in locked YMCA swimming pool where she worked Shocking moment terror suspect is wrestled to floor by Swedish police as two men are arrested  'We love you': Syrians 'thank' Trump for US airstrikes by changing their Twitter profiles to photos of him First ladies head back to school! Melania Trump and China's Peng Liyuan are interviewed by student journalists as they visit Palm Beach school  Hillary Clinton called for the US to toughen up its response to Assad's atrocities just hours before Trump launched strikes on Syria  Thank you, Mr Trump! First images of damage at Assad’s burnt-out airbase emerge as tearful Syrians cheer US missile raid  'Very proud' Ivanka Trump gushes over Arabella and Joseph serenading Xi Jinping and his wife in Mandarin during the Chinese president's first-ever meeting with Grandpa Donald  Take your best shot, Donald: Syrian warplanes take off from airbase targeted by US cruise missiles just hours later as Assad mounted new attacks on town he gassed One photographer's forgotten 15 minutes of fame: Intimate photos of Andy Warhol and his Factory friends are finally published - decades after they were taken by a New York artist  Now Bannon and Priebus's jobs could be on the line amid signals Trump is tiring of staff infighting – as 'Democrats' and 'Bannonites' face off in tense clash Casey Anthony cries and laughs and whines and screams in never-before-seen prison video while evading her mother's pleas to tell her where baby Caylee is, and jokes about a report that claims her missing daughter is dead Dear neighbours... sorry about the building work, here's £45,000 (and a Hoover) Yours, the Clooneys: George and Amal offer compensation for noise caused by Berkshire home renovations  EXCLUSIVE: Housewives Sheree Whitfield, Jill Zarin, Joanna Krupa and Gretchen Rossi to star in new SITCOM portraying washed up reality stars caught up in sex scandals, blackmail and drugs (uh, sound familiar?)  Filipino beauty queen, 23, is shot dead by ‘hitmen’ moments after they knocked on her door bringing her flowers and chocolates  Syria claims it KNEW America was about to launch airstrikes hours before the attack on its airbase and moved its planes out of the way  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, Fla. Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Skiers hit the slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Cape May beach cam in New Jersey Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass. from Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Old Faithful geyser in Yellowstone National Park Loch Arbor beach cam in New Jersey Sydney Harbor More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Business Highlights By the associated press Apr 7, 2017, 5:50 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email ___ Hiring slows, but US unemployment falls to 10-year low WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. employers added just 98,000 jobs last month, the fewest in a year, but unemployment fell to 4.5 percent, the lowest level in nearly a decade. ——— After weak jobs report and Syria strikes, stocks stand still NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. indexes ended slightly lower as losses in banks and energy companies canceled out gains in lower-risk assets like household goods makers. The day began with a somewhat disappointing March jobs report and news of U.S. missile strikes against Syria. Defense contractors and the price of oil rose. ——— Twitter: U.S. backs down on seeking anti-Trump user records NEW YORK (AP) — The U.S. government has dropped its request for Twitter to produce records that could identify users behind an account opposed to President Donald Trump, the company said Friday. As a result, Twitter is withdrawing a federal lawsuit that challenged the government's request. On Thursday, Twitter charged that efforts by the government to "unmask" the people behind the account violated the First Amendment. ——— Google expands fact checking in news searches NEW YORK (AP) — Google will expand the use of "fact check" tags in search results — the tech industry's latest effort to combat false and misleading news stories. People who search for a topic in Google's main search engine or the Google News section will see a conclusion such as "mostly true" or "false" next to stories that had been fact checked. Google is working with a group of more than 100 news organizations and fact-checking groups. ——— Panera is next step for JAB Holdings and low-profile family FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — Its brands are some of the best known in the U.S.: names like Coty, Jimmy Choo, Krispy Kreme, Keurig Green Mountain, and now Panera Bread. But the same can't be said of Luxembourg-based JAB Holdings Co. and the low-profile, wealthy family behind it. ——— Delta cancels flights for third day after storm hits Atlanta ATLANTA (AP) — Delta has canceled about 3,000 flights this week in the aftermath of a thunder storm in Atlanta. The cancellations top the number of flights grounded by a major technology breakdown last summer. ——— Consumer borrowing up solid $15.2 billion in February WASHINGTON (AP) — Consumers stepped up their borrowing in February as a rebound in use of credit cards offset a slowdown in borrowing on autos and student loans. The Federal Reserve says that total borrowing rose $15.2 billion in February. It was the biggest gain in three months and an acceleration from January's increase of $10.9 billion. ——— Uber fires back at Google spinoff in self-driving car case SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Uber is refuting claims that its expansion into self-driving cars hinges on trade secrets stolen from a Google spinoff, arguing that its ride-hailing service has been working on potentially superior technology. The defense presented in documents filed Friday in San Francisco federal court marks Uber's first detailed response to explosive allegations that its self-driving cars are using a crucial piece of technology designed by Waymo, a company created from Google's work on autonomous vehicles. ——— KFC to stop using chickens raised with human antibiotics NEW YORK (AP) — KFC says it plans to stop serving chicken raised with antibiotics important to human medicine. The fried chicken chain says the change will be completed by the end of next year at all its U.S. restaurants. ——— Drug epidemic: 1 small-town mayor takes on pill distributors WELCH, W.Va. (AP) — Fed up with the drug epidemic in West Virginia, one small-town mayor has joined the ranks of communities suing some of the biggest U.S. drug distributors. Mayor Reba Honacker of Welch, West Virginia, wants distributors to pay for the damage done by addiction to her community. Lawyers say similar lawsuits filed by local communities are part of a growing push that could ultimately rival the scope of litigation against big tobacco companies over smoking. ——— The Standard & Poor's 500 fell 1.95 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,355.54. The Dow Jones industrial average declined 6.85 points, or 0.03 percent, to 20,656.10. The Nasdaq composite dipped 1.14 points, 0.02 percent, to 5,877.71. U.S. oil added 54 cents, or 1 percent, to $52.24 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the standard for international oil prices, rose 35 cents to $55.24 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.75 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cent to $1.63 a gallon. Natural gas slid 7 cents, or 2.1 percent, to $3.26 per 1,000 cubic feet. 0 Shares Email Star Comments Business Highlights " ANALYSIS: 5 political takeaways after the Syria strike " Mandated police reform could make Baltimore 'less safe,' AG says " Manhunt is underway for gun-store robbery suspect who sent manifesto to Trump " NCIS: 27 suspected of 'criminal activity' in nude photos of female Marines " Rubio says President Trump 'has an obligation to act' in Syria " Trump's pick to lead border security wins support from Bush- and Obama-era officials " Myanmar ferry capsizes; 20 dead, over a dozen missing " Fast train hits Polish truck; 19 hospitalized, 7 seriously " Sheriff: 5 dead after house fire in Tennessee " Double amputee leaves her wheelchair behind " Firefighters, police save birthday of boy hailed as hero in family's house fire " Newborn girl shares birthday with dad and great-grandfather " Girl fighting cancer given American Girl doll with matching prosthetic leg " North Carolina bridesmaids trade bouquets for rescue puppies in wedding photos " Couple throws an epic state-fair-themed wedding complete with Ferris wheel, corn dogs " Hip, hip, hooray! Hippo born at the Memphis Zoo " Mattress flies into path of motorcycle going 50 mph in dramatic video " Firefighters name truck after baby left at station 11 years ago " Doctor works to create cancer-fighting video game in honor of late patient " 8-year-old with heart defect joins youth baseball team " High school junior takes his 93-year-old grandmother to prom " Seattle mayor denies sex abuse claims - 'simply not true' " Police respond to gun threat at high school in west Indiana " Schwarzenegger says Kasich should run for president in 2020 " Deliberations begin in ex-NFL star's double-murder trial " Delta cancels flights for third day after storm hits Atlanta " ANALYSIS: Retail takes a hit in disappointing jobs report " US employers add just 98K jobs, as rate falls to 4.5 pct. " 4 dead after plane crashes while approaching Oregon airport " Senate confirms Neil Gorsuch to Supreme Court " Senate OKs 'nuclear option,' clears path for high court nomination vote " Cuba Gooding Jr. responds to controversy over lifting Sarah Paulson's skirt " Man creates DIY engagement ring music box to propose " Alabama governor says he won't resign despite scandal " First wife of Robert Durst of 'The Jinx' documentary declared dead " MTV gets rid of gender-specific categories for awards " 'Friends' star David Schwimmer and his wife are taking 'time apart' " 'The Fifth Trimester’ author warns new moms about work-life struggles
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 08, 2:40 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Hires 'SoundStage' Developer For Virtual Reality Team By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 04/07/17 AT 6:00 PM Close Google is looking to staff up on its virtual reality team. Logan Olson, developer of the VR music creation app SoundStage, will join Google’s VR team according to a report from The Verge. On Twitter, SoundStage also confirmed the news: We're joining @googlevr! https://t.co/q14zRCENE2 — SoundStage (@soundstagevr) April 7, 2017 Read: Google, Ubisoft And Others Announce 4 Daydream VR Games At GDC 2017 Originally launched last summer, SoundStage is a title that allows users to create music with VR-based instruments. Available instruments include drums, synthesizers and samplers. SoundStage also first launched on the HTC Vive and eventually was released for the Oculus Rift. With Olson heading to Google, he also confirmed in a Steam post he plans to halt active development of new features for SoundStage , but will still support the app with bug fixes as needed for the immediate future. Check out a trailer for the game below: Read: Samsung's Galaxy S8 Doesn't Support Google Daydream VR Olson is expected to work to bolster the search company’s existing VR properties at Google, but at the moment, the company is maintaining a relatively low profile with its Daydream VR mobile headset. However, Google has made similar moves for creative and unconventional VR titles before. One of the company’s more popular titles is Tilt Brush, which lets users paint and create drawing in a three-dimensional environment.   Related Stories PSVR Game 'Eclipse' Now A Google Daydream Exclusive Zenfone AR Comes With Massive 8GB RAM Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business Market Reacts To Airstrikes On Syria The international community may have been alarmed at Trump's deployment of Tomahawk missiles on a Syrian military base, but defense company stock traders were likely pleased. Technology Did Not Steal Google’s Self-Driving Technology, Says Uber Uber fired back Friday with a laundry list of reasons why the judge should deny Waymo’s request for an injunction. World Trump Curbs Climate Change Efforts The president has said climate change is a "hoax," despite a scientific consensus otherwise. National Neil Gorsuch Confirmed After Republicans Deploy 'Nuclear Option' Neil Gorsuch's nomination was confirmed after the Republicans voted to trigger the "nuclear option," which changed the rules of the Senate. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Jobs Cars Homes Directory Place your Ad Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Scotsman Search More Close ] Future Scotland Tech Innovators Big Ideas Regions Inverness, Highlands & Islands Aberdeen & North East Dundee & Tayside Glasgow & Strathclyde Edinburgh, Fife & Lothians Dumfries & Borders News Politics Transport Education Environment Health UK World Odd Celebrity Friends of The Scotsman Obituaries Sport Football Rugby Union Tennis Golf Cricket Athletics Boxing Horse Racing Cycling Motorsport Snooker Hockey Business Companies Markets and Economy Management Lifestyle Gadgets & Gaming Culture Travel Health & Wellbeing Family Personal Finance Homes & Gardens Outdoors Cars Heritage People & Places Historic Events More Heritage 200 Voices We Know Scotland Future Scotland Innovators Big Ideas Giving Back Charities Business in Action Heroes Google creates new tool to crack down on ‘fake news’ Google have created a tool to crack down on 'fake news'. Picture: AFP/Getty Images martyn landi 22:54 Friday 07 April 2017 0 Have your say Google will now fact-check search results as part of a new worldwide initiative to  combat the spread of fake news. The technology giant has added a “fact check” label to News and Search results globally for the first time, which identifies articles whose key points have been fact-checked independently. The new Google tool will appear beneath key searches results, showing a claim made within an article, who made it and if it is true or false according to Google certified fact-checking organisations and news publishers. The label, which Google has been trialling in some areas since last year, comes in the wake of Facebook announcing the launch of a new tool that aims to educate social media users on how to identify false news. “Google was built to help people find useful information by surfacing the great content that publishers and sites create,” the tech giant said in a blog post. “This access to high quality information is what drives people to use the web and for contributors to continue to engage and invest in it. “However, with thousands of new articles published online every minute of every day,  the amount of content confronting people online can be overwhelming. And unfortunately, not all of it is factual or true, making it hard for people to distinguish fact from fiction.” Google said the label will be used to help readers make “informed” decisions on what to read and whether it can be trusted as a source of information. “For the first time, when you conduct a search on Google that returns an authoritative result containing fact checks for one or more public claims, you will see that information clearly on the search results page,” the tech giant said. Google said the information would not be available for every search result. Other internet giants including Facebook, Twitter and Microsoft have been heavily criticised in recent weeks over the policing of a range of content on their platforms, with the Government urging them to do more to reduce illegal and extremist content appearing online. Facebook has also been told it must do more to prevent the spread of fake news in the wake of launching a new educational tool to identify such stories on the social site. Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with The Scotsman means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to The Scotsman You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to The Scotsman Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Follow Us On Explore News Sport Business Lifestyle Food and Drink 200 Voices Heritage We Know Scotland Future Scotland More from The Scotsman Announcements Buy a Photo Directory Digital Archive Jobs Homes Cars Calendars Conferences Dating Local Guide Public Notices Supplements Useful Links Contact Us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Advertising Place your Ad Subscribe Edinburgh Evening News © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 42 Plus 1 on G+ 67 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares163 Applications Google News Reviews Videos The expansion of services like Netflix and Hulu has led to fewer people subscribing to traditional cable. Still, there are some things you can't get with those streaming services, most notably live TV feeds. That's what Google aims to offer with YouTube TV. Google announced the service a few months ago, and it went live in a handful of cities yesterday. I haven't had a cable subscription in years, so I was anxious to try it out. YouTube TV seems like an excellent start, but there are definitely some pain points. The Basics YouTube TV is currently only available in Chicago, Los Angeles, New York City, Philadelphia, and the San Francisco Bay Area. It will run you $35 per month and includes access to about 40 channels of live streaming TV. That includes local channels like Fox, CBS, and so on. The focus on live local channels is why the rollout is regional—Google has to get the broadcasters on board with YouTube TV in each market. There's a reasonably good selection of channels including all the locals, NatGeo, ESPN, Disney, FX, USA, SyFy, and more. There are no Viacom channels like Comedy Central or MTV, which is not unexpected. Viacom is notoriously protective of its content. There are also limited options for premium content—it's just Showtime ($11 per month) and Fox Soccer Plus ($15 per month?!). No HBO, which is a big boo. YouTube TV is available via the Android (or iOS) app, as well in your desktop web browser. There is not currently a client for Android TV, which strikes me as profoundly odd. There is, however, Chromecast support for getting the stream onto a bigger screen. Although, not everyone is cool with using their phone as a remote control all the time. You can watch live streams of all the included channels, and there's some on-demand content too. If you can't catch something live, you can set up series recordings in YouTube TV. All the content you record is saved online, and you can record as much as you want. How can it be unlimited? The recordings expire after nine months. Still, PlayStation Vue removes things after 28 days, and Sling TV limits you to 50GB of space. Living with YouTube TV I've mostly been using YouTube TV on Android, and the app is nice overall. The interface is clean, with just three tabs in the main interface and heavy use of animated thumbnails. Across the top of the app are tabs for Library, Home, and Live. The Home tab is basically a list of suggestions for things you might want to watch or record—it even shows you what's most popular right now. The "popular" live carousel at the top is the first place you'll see YouTube TV's live thumbnails. The channel previews play (no sound, thankfully) as you scroll through. It's like flipping channels on your TV. Below that are several lists of suggestions, including a few that push sports. Over in the Live tab, it's again like flipping channels. You scroll vertically through the channel list, and each one has a live thumbnail when it's selected. Sound doesn't kick in until you tap on a channel to watch it. I'm impressed with how smooth this interface runs with all the live thumbnails. The streams were noticeably jerky on the LG G6, but everything runs fine on the Mate 9 and Pixel. I'm not sure what's up with the inconsistency there, but it's usually a very snappy app. The streams are 720p for most channels, so they don't look flawless when casting to a TV (some are 1080p). No one I've showed it to thought the video (720p or 1080p) looked bad, though. Video quality is great on the device and good enough when casting to a Shield TV or a second gen Chromecast. I don't have a first gen dongle around to test anymore, but apparently the app warns you of possible performance issues there. Audio playback will continue in the background while you do other things in the app, but it stops when you leave it (the regular YouTube app has background play for Red subscribers). That's probably not a huge deal for TV, but it would still be nice to have. A floating pop-out player would be better, though. Throughout the app you'll see the "plus" button to add a series or movie to your library. Doing so will record any new instances of the content whenever it airs on TV. You can simply add anything that looks interesting to your library because the storage is unlimited. Recordings can be started after a program begins, but it won't actually be available in your library until it's over. Recordings that you've scheduled ahead of time will let you scrub back to the beginning if you want to watch live, which is a great feature to have. And yes, you can skip commercials in recorded content. The Library tab is split up into shows, movies, sports, and events. There's also a section that shows all your scheduled recordings, including those that are in progress. There's some on-demand content available in YouTube TV, which is confusingly merged with your recordings. The app doesn't really differentiate between the two when you are subscribed to a show—you just have a details page with a list of all available episodes. In addition, there are still restrictions on how many on-demand episodes are available from one rights holder to the next. You can end up with a patchwork of available streams. I should also note that some of the on-demand content has ads; mostly movies with pre-roll ads. The desktop interface is slick too.  Account management and value YouTube TV is only in a few markets right now, and that limits what you can do even if you live in one of those places. Let's say you live in Chicago. YouTube TV streams you all your local channels, lets you set recordings, and watch them at any time. If you go on a trip to Orlando where there's no YouTube TV, you can no longer access those local channels live or create new recordings. Content you've recorded is still accessible in the Library tab, and the cable channels are live. Weirder still, there are completely different restrictions if you travel to New York where there is YouTube TV. You can't see your Chicago stations live, but you can see the New York ones. However, you can't create new recordings on the local channels while in New York. The cable channel recordings work normally in this situation. There will be some other bizarre restrictions too; like no football games streamed on the phone. You have to cast them to a TV because Verizon has an exclusive with the NFL on mobile streaming. This whole situation only serves to remind us what a mess TV streaming rights have become. YouTube TV supports up to 6 accounts per subscription. They're tied to Google's family group system. You cannot set these up from the Android app, which is strange. YouTube TV invitations can only be sent from the web. That said, it works just fine once you get people added. Each user has their own settings and library of recordings. However, there's a maximum limit of three active streams per account. The value proposition here will depend on what you want out of TV. If you won't put up with missing a show here and there, YouTube TV probably won't work. The selection is better than other streaming-only services thanks to all the local channels, but you're still missing big ones like Comedy Central, MTV, HGTV, and TNT. For sports fans who have wanted to drop cable, this might finally be what lets you cut the cord. You ought to be able to see most everything with local channels, a few ESPNs, and other sports channels. If you haven't had cable for a while and Netflix is starting to get stale, YouTube TV could be just what you need. It gives you something to stream live, along with faster access to new episodes of your favorite shows. The $35 monthly cost is a bit steep for a single person, but if you've got a few family members who would use it, YouTube TV can be a very good value. I'm undecided if I'll keep YouTube TV past the one-month free trial. I already have Netflix and Hulu, and I don't watch sports. So, the added expense feels a little high. I expect Google will work to expand the channel list quickly, and YouTube TV might be an easy sell after a few additions. Tags Google hands-on Reviews streaming tv video youtube tv subscribe ... Previous Story Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger ... Next Story King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments bozzykid It doesn't seem like a great deal for sports either. Without any regional sports networks there will be a huge gap between cable and this service. Almost all major sports besides the NFL show local teams on regional sports networks. OligarchyAmbulance What networks are those? I don't really watch sports, but I know a lot of stuff around here is on Comcast Sports Net which are supported. Carson Saldanha NBA uses local networks for most regular season games with a few national broadcasts here and there. Taco Monster At least in Chicago, Bulls games are on CSN. Carson Saldanha Where I live, they use Root Sports. Raymie Humbert That's great in the markets except New York where SNY (majority owned by the Mets), YES (Fox Sports-owned) and MSG would all be necessary. Fox Sports would also be a must for expansion into quite a few additional major markets. 4Ui812 Google needs to allow us to choose our own channels. Don't need the sports and we shouldn't have to pay for over the air channels. I know it's still new and maybe somewhere down the line they'll do it but they could atleast have a option for not taking half of these shit channels so they can bring the price down. Jacob Fulbright So if you are one of the people who spoofed your GPS location to check this out, does it stop working once you turn the GPS spoof off and it realizes you're outside one of the regions in which the service is available? RyanWhitwam It only turns off local channel live streams. Jacob Fulbright That's what I'm mostly interested in as I don't get very good reception where I live. Strange that it wouldn't give you a choice of watching what's local to your current location or based on your "home" location. Darrin Lim I'm interested in Google's revenue model for this. Does it look like they are relying on subscriptions only, or are they also placing ads (either pre-roll or replacing network commercials) into the service as well? Or perhaps trying to drive users to standard YouTube vids (where they can do their normal ad placements) in the interface? Jacob Fulbright I was hoping this would have a tie in with major YouTube creators in some way. Good Mythical Morning, etc. Willie Chalmers III I'm sure this will be big media-oriented. YouTube is already for the PewDiePies, Good Mythical Mornings and the rest. cheeto0 The only place I see ads are in on demand. Darrin Lim Thanks @cheeto0:disqus This makes sense - with Live there's limited opportunity for pre-rolls as the user wants into the content as soon as possible so they don't miss anything. But with on-demand there's less time pressure, so they can put a pre-roll or two in. It does answer the question - both subscription and ad rev streams - I'm guessing YouTube could generate quite a lot from pre (and post?)-rolls against on-demand content. Do network ads remain in on-demand? Or are they replaced by YT ads or stripped completely? thespacecowboy Network ads are only on shows you've recorded yourself. Google ads are on the on-demand stuff, Shawn Spring I was hoping for a tie in with YouTube Red users, for maybe a modest monthly discount. No such luck. BhupSinghBhadu Baf Get some rest Carson Saldanha Man, no TNT for NBA basketball sucks dizel123 Man, no TNT! For NBA basketball sucks. Carson Saldanha ?` Shawn Spring I'm hoping this and Nick Jr (for the kiddos) comes sooner rather than later! freshprince_87 I hope they add it soon Lateef Alabi-Oki I think the nailed the user interface. Can't wait for the Google Assistant and Android TV integration. Carson Saldanha Home tab should be on the left :P Ammy <-«¬­}­If you're seeking for genuine internet home based business venture however frustrated from internet frauds in that case this is certainly what you need. I started out working on this work two yrs and getting paid $7000 or over every mnth quite easily. You can also make cash same as me... Take a look at info ➤➤➤­­­­­ ­­­http://goto.cool/7t­­­ Virginiakcoble Google is paying $97 per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !wr198c: On monday I got a great new mclaren f1 from having earned $12778 this last four weeks.. 3 to 5 hours of work a day... Weekly paychecks... Bonus opportunities...Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !wr198c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs198ExpressBlue/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr198u:....... Tucker Sferro $35 is outrageous. You might as well jest get cable. Jacob Fulbright After you add in YouTube Red, Netflix, Hulu (or the ad-free premium Hulu), HBO GO, etc., yeah, cable isn't looking so bad anymore. Lateef Alabi-Oki Cable gives you unlimited DVR? psychoace Also you can't share cable with other people either Naxx ENVY 1) some services don't allow you to share with other people and is considered a breach of contract 2) i get what he's saying, we have to have 5-6 differernt contracts to watch shows when cable covers it all not sure i like how its all going tbh, its going to end up being more expensive to have the same channels. .. just the illusion of choice BhupSinghBhadu Baf Good settings Shawn Spring Have you had a cable sub lately? I pay for a phone, small TV bundle w/DVR, and 100Mbps internet and its over $175/monthly. Even if I just had the internet alone (about $99/month) that and YouTube TV would save me quite a bit of money per year. C64 I thought 45 euro's for cable / internet / house phine was a lot over here 😮 suavemezie With YouTube TV, you will be doubling your data at least. Calculate Shawn Spring Hardwired broadband has no data cap so the amount of data I use is irrelevant - as I would likely be on WiFi when using YouTube TV at home. thespacecowboy Some people have data caps on wired internet. Shawn Spring Is that a real thing? Because I'd burn Spectrum to the ground if they tried to charge me a data cap like a Verizon style wireless plan. Chris Yeah, I want to say Cox had me capped at 100GB for the past 2-3 years. My parents had a similar cap but I just recently switched them to AT&T/DirecTV with unlimited data thespacecowboy oh yes. https://www.engadget.com/2016/09/12/netflix-calls-on-the-fcc-to-fix-unreasonable-data-caps/ Shawn Spring That's janky af Geoff Johnson Be glad you don't have Comcast, they have a 1TB cap. Malachi Jones Damn, here in the UK we have some providers offering £14.99/month internet only deals, super cheap in comparison to $99/month! Geoff Johnson What's the speed at 14.99/mo? thespacecowboy So Cox for basic channels is $80/month. HD receiver is $8.50/month. DVDR is additional $10 a month. So $35 a month? Doesn't seem to bad, but YMMV depending on what channels you really want/need. cheeto0 Plus it's like having 3 DVRs cable boxes.(6 sorta) and mobile access to it. thespacecowboy The mobile access is huge. I think the other suppliers limit what you can watch on mobile, whereas with YouTube it's baked right in to the product offering. cheeto0 I watch on 3 TV's and any mobile device, with unlimited DVR. I don't see that costing the same on cable. JDC Yeah, no. I was paying $140/month for TV (No DVR) and 25/25 internet (after 1 year at $80/month). I cut the cord and now I'm down to $50/month for just internet (100/100). YouTube TV brings me up to $85/month with "DVR" functionality, and that $35 isn't just some "introductory offer." I'm much better off than I was. wickets I'm paying 25$ just for local basic so youtube is a huge upgrade Shawn Medeiros Get a HDTV antenna. You can get those right over the air free in much of the us. thespacecowboy Yeah. We did this about 18 months ago and use a Tivo OTA with lifetime service. Shame there are not more OTA channels. I'm going to attempt cable card but its not easy (the bracket is there but not the full thing which has to be bought separately). Geoff Johnson Do you have any idea how much cable TV actually costs? Tucker Sferro yes - after cutting the cord I receive about 1 letter per week from Fios begging me to come back, with basic packages starting around $29/mo. Brock Dawkins I had sling TV when it was first released and my God it was a nightmare. Only 1 stream per account, terrible app and no dvr. I tried the month free trial of YouTube TV and I love it. The interface is awesome. The DVR works great, and the storage is awesome. Can access dvr from anywhere too. I wish I wasn't locked into a DirecTV contract for two years. Only thing it needs is a few more channels and an Android TV app. Gfame103 No Android TV app at launch was hurtful. I'm really beginning to lose faith in Google. Everything that come out of Google is half baked and then support slowly begins to die. After the fall of Google Wallet card support, the dismantling of Google+, the slow death Hangouts, and lack of Android TV/Live Channels support I can not get to vested with their products. Maybe I will try YouTube TV in a few years.... If it's​ around. R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Rip reader Bruce Wayne Calm down. Android TV will come in due time. It's a new service. It's not even available nationwide yet. Midnitte Hopefully it exists once it launches nationally, but it's really silly they dont yet have an Android *TV* app for their *TV* service. Zachary Dunn Android TV should be a key feature of their TV offering. Not having it at launch is ridiculous. Not to mention, Youtube Gaming has been out for over a year and still doesn't have Android TV support, which is odd since Android TV is a platform built for streaming and gaming. Play Music on Android TV hasn't received any features released in the last year. Everytime Google releases a tv app without Android TV support, ppl say just wait for it, but it never happens or is half assed. KChristainsen you would think this is a no brainier to have an app for ATV. Just ridiculous. YaKillaCJ YouTube Red, Netflix and PSVue is currently the way to go as it covers everything except Viacom. Seems like YouTubeTV can be a replacement wants it mature. I'm dropping Hulu because that's covered by PSVue and HBO because honestly Game Of Thrones the only thing worth it in there Besides Sesame Street for the kids. thespacecowboy "For the kids". I love that show. Now, as for Daniel Tiger on PBS. That kid speaks the truth. Scott Kart Until Comedy Central, TBS, TNT, and SNY/MSG are on here...I'm out. thespacecowboy Don't lie. You're holding out for HGTV :) psychoace At least he has e! Corbin Davenport Tiny House Hunters deserves an Emmy. Taco Monster Sheer genius. thespacecowboy If you like that, check out George Clark's Amazing Spaces. It's on UK Channel 4 but likely available elsewhere. http://www.channel4.com/programmes/george-clarkes-amazing-spaces cheeto0 The interface is great and the discovery is great. But it still feels a little beta in some areas. I can cast to Chromecast and the Nvidia shield but not to my Vizio TV with "chromecast built-in​ '. Also it doesn't like multiwindow in nougat...Plus no android tv app. But most google 1.0 products feel a little beta and then get reiterated upon. Overall I like it alot so far. King_Android I've been able to stream in 1080p. The interface also needs to show what's playing next. Not having the ability to quickly view what's next on a different channel is cumbersome. psychoace Not all channels or content is 1080p which is why the author thinks that Artem Russakovskii You're right, some channels do support 1080p. We'll update the post. John Doe True but not all channels and when comparing it to my TV service the quality is not the same on my 2nd generation chromecast compared to my Dish Network service. Youtube is probably using some lame video compression or the networks are whoever it is it sucks. newtonfb For people bitching about $35....split it with 3 friends and it comes out to $12 a month. Also you can get rid of Hulu because you have unlimited DVR so it acts like Hulu does and records the show you want. tim242 But...ads. Hulu with no ads = $12/mo. newtonfb Ya but you can fast forward past the ads with the DVR feature thespacecowboy Only on things you recorded yourself, not on demand. Geoff Johnson Hulu doesn't have live TV. tim242 We were not talking about live TV. AlRegals The price tag is a little high for a single user, but the experience really does make me want to cancel Hulu. My biggest gripe with Hulu is the unreliability with cable tv shows. But if I can have easy access to my Syfy, USA, CW, Freeform, and Bravo along with not having to sign up for CBS Access to watch Big Bang then I'M IN. Plus Live TV?! I just need Android TV and Google Home support and this will be the perfect set up. Ramon Also note, there is NO 5.1 surround support on YouTube TV. DirkBelig Well that blows. Ramon Very. The only one that came close to this support is DirectTV Now. John Doe Everything is great except the Youtube ads on-demand content and the resolution on most channels (watching on the web is worse than mobile and on tv). If Google can get Viacom and Turner Broadcasting channels, keep the price the same and "encourage" networks to upgrade to 1080P and 4K streams (at least have the on-demand in full HD), support HDR as well. Then the service will be perfect. Also, Where is the gaming console apps and other home entertainment devices? I wish they would have just updated the regular Youtube app. Now I have 4 youtube apps: Youtube Youtube TV Youtube Music Youtube Gaming Youtube kids They can easily tie all of that with the account instead of having 5 different apps Just have a section popup if a user is subscribed to a service. Bruce Wayne 4k and HDR?? Stop. 4k content isn't even produced on most TV channels and you're jumping to HDR. ISPs are already putting caps, charging for overages and charging extra for non bundled internet service. The bandwidth needed for 4k on one stream alone would strain most people's connections. Geoff Johnson Then stream the 1080p version John Doe Hi, have you meet Netflix? Also, there is the choice I am not saying Google should force everyone's stream to the highest resolution (They don't even do that now, there is auto select). FYI, HDR has nothing to do with 4K and it actually does not add much to a the bandwidth requirement (Netflix said it adds 2.5MB/s compared to 12MB/s for 4K) Lars Jeppesen Do the channels even broadcast in 1080p or 4K? Box Most slim bundles and IPTV setups are only available in 720p at this time. YouTube TV is not alone in this. John Doe Most do in 1080i and I only have one 4K channel through Dish Network. TechGuy22 Mediocre start AlRegals Not sure how consist this is, but while watching Big Bang Theory on the desktop there I only got 3 15sec ads between segments. Switched over to my TV via Chromecast and the TV ads increased to 7 15sec ads. Just an observation bobinchicago Are "all local channels" just the 5 commercial networks, or do you also get independent channels, PBS, and subchannels? I've got 30 channels on my OTA Tivo and I've filtered a bunch out. There's 7 PBS channels alone. Also, you mention there's no Android TV app yet which sucks, but since the Nexus Player can act as a Chromecast, can you cast YouTube TV to that in particular? Thanks! PhantomGamers For sure you'll only get the channels that Google has agreements with, I doubt they're just grabbing up every OTA signal and streaming that. thespacecowboy It's going to depend on market. But I have many PBS on my Tivo, but none on my Youtube TV. Any device that has Chromecast should work. Some at the moment don't seem to work though (such as some Vizio TVs). After you pay for your 2nd month (after trial) they will send you a free Chromecast anyway. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I need AMC before I jump ship from PSV ...and it to be in my market NoNotTellingYou AMC is on the way according to Google. Mike Arnett If it recommends channels, will it recommend sports events based on teams you track on Google Assistant? Bruce Wayne That's a very good question. I'm sure Google will eventually learn how to tie in the service based on your search history and all that. hp-fourtwenty no, you have the option to record all games of any team you select, which also adds it as a recommendation when you log in. SpiderDice No YouTube TV for Android TV? Totally makes sense.. ast00 Costs about 5 times as much as it should. Lars Jeppesen No hp-fourtwenty 50 live channels, and this is the first time I've been able to watch a New York Rangers game online without needing a traditional cable package or watching a pirated stream. I'm happy to pay only $35...especially since I already pay $10 for GPMAA/red thespacecowboy Isn't GPMAA on top of the $35? DragoCubed I really like the design of this app. I won't say anything else because I'm not in the US. Bruce Wayne Device support is very key. It needs to support all the major devices and consoles (Xbox One, PS4, Roku, Fire devices, Android TV etc) Expand to five simultaneous streams. Acquire more channels. Lars Jeppesen People still watch MTV? Geoff Johnson Of course... Dirty Dave http://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_youtube-tv2-768x432.jpg Im in the UK so this article is pointless for me, but what keyboard is this though Ryan? Ryan Definitely interesting. Ill hold off until college ball is back on, I only really care about OTA and ESPNs, so they have that advantage. sloheim "For sports fans who have wanted to drop cable, this might finally be what lets you cut the cord" Wrong, wrong, for the love of god, WRONG. No NHL Network, NFL Network, or MLB Network or NBA TV. Anti-sports. Box Does the "three active streams" restriction include on-demand and recordings? Ben Nicholls Not too interested unless the provide more package options, or a la carte packages. Part of the reason I cut the cord was to stop paying for channels I don't watch. I would like to see at minimum a "no sports" package. ESPN is one of the most expensive channels and I don't like paying for it in a package when I don't watch it. An AndroidTV app is also a must. BinaryTB Google's Family Group system? Sounds like it won't support Google Apps for Work for people that actually pay Google already for their own domain. Add it to the list: Google Fi Google Play Music Family Plan Google Play Apps Family Sharing DirkBelig >"There are also limited options for premium content—it's just Showtime ($11 per month) and Fox Soccer Plus ($15 per month?!). No HBO, which is a big boo." And what's preventing anyone from simply subscribing to HBO NOW or bundling Showtime or Starz for $9 with their Amazon Prime package? Anyone who would get this probably has a Netflix account and app, so I don't understand what the beef is here having to a la carte HBO other than it breaks the cable channel grid paradigm. #FirstWorldProblems thespacecowboy +ing a show also adds any on-demand shows to your library. Downside is those ones have ads, like Hulu. TV guide is frustrating. You can't easily see past the current show and the next one. EPG is weird. You can click on the channel name and then browse that actual channel, but not in a grid style. hp-fourtwenty Yes, we need a good epg severely!! Lex Lybrand It's not available on Android TV. That's a day-1 must-have. Sean McGeezer I'll wait for Cartoon Network at the very least, though it may not happen Terry Sanchez It does not have the Cooking channel and is lacking many channels. I hope this improves over time. SlingTV is still better right now. JG Is it steam only? Or can one pin content to their devices for local/offline play? Then I could​ save a recording or two to watch on my (non-driving) commute without having to worry about adding to much to my monthly bill at $10/gig. Or maybe save something for longer than the 9 month period. Google's Play Movie/TV app allows it, as does the new light weight version of YouTube being beta'd in India now. Netflix and Showtime do to... I would assume if they can do it, why not also YouTube TV? thespacecowboy No download option at the moment. Iamsecond Blah blah blah, thanks for more US-only features YouTube, glad to see you're working hard on this when you haven't even launched YouTube Red in the UK yet. Yep, thanks. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 119 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 20 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 67 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 119 queries | 0.495s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 135 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares209 Development Google News Starting on April 10th Google plans on pushing out an update to the sign-in page for Google accounts. This change is meant to further unify the sign-in process across your various devices. Although the news was posted to the G Suite Developers blog, we do fully expect this change to affect all Google accounts on all browsers, mobile browsers, and iOS apps (Android apps should not be affected). Google's SSO will also see additional changes beyond the purely cosmetic, as a new permissions grant redirect will be added to the login process, and permissions requested by a site or service will be more explicitly stated. The privacy-conscious will be excited to hear that Google is making such an effort to ensure a greater awareness on the part of users when it comes to privacy and consent in the use of third party services. Unfortunately, the permission request pane will no longer list what Google considers to be "standard" permission requests, presumably including basic account information. At least Google is making some effort to increase privacy awareness during login, even going so far as to increase the burden of responsibility for that privacy on developers by requiring contact information to be listed at a link on the permissions page. These aren't the only changes to login Google will be making. The use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe after April 20th, so if you are a developer relying on a webview redirect for OAuth to grant permissions you should consider changing to the official methods very soon before it breaks. Even some large companies like Airbnb and Pocket still haven't updated to the new methods, so it's worth taking a look. The rollout for the new sign-in is expected to be quite extended, potentially requiring more than two weeks for full visibility, so don't be surprised if you don't notice any changes to your sign-in process for a while. Most people probably won't notice much of a change beyond the cosmetic, anyway (although, our readers certainly aren't most people). Source: Google Support, G Suite Updates, G Suite Developers Blog, Medium Tags Google login Google SSO google+ sign in permissions privacy SSO subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay ... Next Story Fact Check goes global for Search and Google News results Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Trooper311 Was wondering when this was going to be rolling out. Thanks. Josh Crumley Of all the companies out there taking our personal data and using it for profit, Google is by far the least secretive about it. I'm glad they're making the permissions more detailed. Pixelexel I don't trust any company with my data other than Google. Kanoosh i don't even really trust google , but they are the least worst imo so i i go with them. :) HSidhu Google won't give your data to anyone, your Data is their power. Kanoosh never assume just because someone tells you something , that it is true.. i still hold plenty of caution with google as should everyone else.. no tin foil hats here, just reality of things... but i do hold them in higher regard for my personal data then any others , just always good to be safe. catalysto It's not just because "someone said so". It's because if Google was ever caught actually selling/releasing user data, they'd be completely screwed. Their entire business model depends on them keeping your data private. Sophia <-Everyone wants to make some extra money by part time jobs. here we are giving you the opportunity to earn extra money from home. Most of the people need a secondary income(part time jobs) to meet their financial needs. Home free jobs does share Four Methods to earn money. If you are interested, then join.!➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS vmxr you shouldn't trust any company at all all companies care about one thing Profit catalysto That is entirely untrue. Many business are not in it for the money. NooSH the only companies that are "not in it for the money" are the ones that go bankrupt and you never hear from them again.. don't ever be so naive to think a companies best interest is the consumer... it NEVER is. Portzblitz I pretty sure he/she's kidding. NooSH that's why i didn't go off with a rant instead just stuck to a more "light" reply haha.. juuuust incase. Summerer The 'keep me logged in' button will be removed and instead you will always stay logged in until you explicitly logout in a browser. Seems kinda insecure or at least intransparent for the average user Devin Rodriguez Honestly it's never been very effective for me anyway. Every few days I found myself having to re-enter my password and sometimes even my 2FA regardless of whether I checked the box or not. Rabia Atta they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Devin Rodriguez What? Indefinite Implosion they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Ryne Hager I agree, I think he was fairly clear on that point. Devin Rodriguez Oh, okay. BC This is interesting and I do like the the fact that the permissions are highlighted more than they were before. This is a good thing indeed! Bikram Agarwal ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe Thank god. I absolutely hate apps that do that for Google / Facebook / Twitter permission request. If the first party app is installed, popup permission request screen on those apps. Don't load a webview asking me to login with email, password, 2FA. I wish FB and Twitter will also do what Google is doing now. Drunk Squirrel Like how titanium backup opens a webview of Google sign in in order to backup to Google drive, as opposed to other apps which show up a single pop-up,, correct Ryne Hager Right? They've got libraries for that, why make me enter my information again on a device I'm already logged in on? Imagine all the time that could have been saved. HSidhu hello @ryne Hager aka new guy :) Ryne Hager Yo! Josh Crumley Welcome to the club! Anish Bhalerao Great, informative article. But is this Android Police or Google Police? Sure, Android is from Google, but an article about Unilever cannot (always) be an article about Dove. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 309 1 Year Ago Today Opinion: As Smartphone Innovation Slows, Google's Nexus Program Is More Important Than Ever 2016/04/08 12:29pm PDTApr 8, 2016 89 2 Years Ago Today Google Calendar 5.2 Brings Back The Month View On Phones [APK Download] 2015/04/08 12:49pm PDTApr 8, 2015 6 3 Years Ago Today Pocket Updated To Version 5.4, Includes New Languages, Immersive Mode, And More 2014/04/08 5:52pm PDTApr 8, 2014 48 4 Years Ago Today The More I Watch This Virgin Mobile Ad Luring T-Mobile Customers Away With $100, The More It Makes Sense And That Scares Me 2013/04/08 8:35pm PDTApr 8, 2013 10 5 Years Ago Today PSA: You Can Now Send CyanogenMod Builds To ROM Manager With One Click Right From The Web 2012/04/08 8:05pm PDTApr 8, 2012 2 6 Years Ago Today Samsung DROID Charge Launching April 14 At Sears, Incredible 2 To Follow On April 21 2011/04/08 5:23pm PDTApr 8, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Google Turns On Universal Suggest In Mobile Search 2010/04/08 9:34pm PDTApr 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 97 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 121 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 24 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.658s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
blog news articles page Contact us FREE School Bullies FREE School Bullies articles Best way to write a cv 7Best Way To Commit Suicide - Mystic Madness Date: 2017-04-07 21:48 More videos «Best way to write a cv» How to Write and Deliver a Great Eulogy in 6 Simple Steps... To Kill a Mockingbird SmartCockpit - Airline training guides, Aviation "If we are not trusted, we have no business." (Larry Page, co-founder of Google, interviewed at Google's Zeitgeist conference, May 7558.) How to Write and Deliver a Great Eulogy in 6 Simple Steps... Make an assertion based on clearly stated support. You finally revise your thesis statement one more time to look like this: To Kill a Mockingbird You can now be able to do all other things that you have meant to do but did not have enough time for. We take into account every single detail that is specified and let you be in control. This means that you will be assigned your own personal writer who will ensure that you get exactly what you want. Our services are designed to suit your individual needs, as each and every client that walks through that door is unique and special, thus, deserves to get top rate custom essays online. SmartCockpit - Airline training guides, Aviation I recommend it to anyone wanting to put together a eulogy, but not knowing where to start. The ‘how to’ instructions, the templates and the sample eulogies you provide make for a very comprehensive tool. Order today and you’ll also get a handy checklist for the day, so that you are leaving nothing to chance, and will remember everything you need Now, you are the person that has been called upon to give the final tribute and farewell- to celebrate a person’s life and commemorate their passing. It seems a daunting task I know, but at the same time this can be a very healing and rewarding process if you have the right support to guide you through. "Tonight my friends, dream a beautiful dream. Tomorrow my friends, make that dream a reality.'' (Abdul Star - 67 Apr 7568) Harper Lee attacks the stereotype of the promiscuous and sexually voracious black man, but she endorses the stereotype of "White trash", in the Ewell family. In the USA there are many people who disapprove of dependency on the state, and on welfare payments - both the poor Cunninghams and the wealthy (but emotionally poor) Radleys are proud of their self-reliance. XOData is a generic online OData API/Service visualizer and explorer. It assists in rapid prototyping, verification, testing, and documentation of OData APIs. With XOData Chrome App it's also possible to explore OData Services deployed locally or on private networks. "What is fame? an empty bubble Gold? a transient shining trouble." (James Grainger, from 'Solitude', 6755) «Best way to write a cv» in pictures. More images «Best way to write a cv». Contact | RSS feed | sitemap.xml | News
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video John T. ‘Jack’ Knox, former Bay Area Democratic assemblyman, 49ers cut cornerback Brock after domestic violence arrest News of the Day From Across the Nation Senate confirms Gorsuch to Supreme Court after GOP changes rules News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Filipino Bataan Death March survivors mark 75th anniversary US threatens more pressure on Syria after missile strikes As infighting rises, White House says no staff shakeup looms McConnell vindicated as Supreme Court nominee confirmed Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors A’s add second bullpen catcher Jeremy Dowdy Rangers pummel A’s Raul Alcantara in 10-5 victory Giants get 2 homers from Belt, including slam, but lose again Kevin Durant ‘happy’ as he prepares to return from knee Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Uber fires back at Waymo in self-driving lawsuit Mysteries remain over alt Twitter accounts after feds back down Shares of San Francisco’s Okta jump in IPO Feds say H-1B applications have reached annual limit A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do With opening at Castro, SFFilm Festival is off and running The latest from Dear Abby Fantastical set of ‘Needles and Opium’ upstages actual Old jokes still have charm in pleasantly amusing ‘Going in Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Speakeasy brewing beer at New York's Shmaltz, for now Favorite dishes from Cotogna, China Live, Rooh, Dad's, Marla and Popular Oakland seafood restaurant fined $395k for environmental Adesso in Oakland to close Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Keep a short leash! Spike in SF coyote sightings Is this the worst commute shortcut in the Bay Area? Lullaby versions of ‘Hamilton’ songs coming to a nap Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: Chileno Bay Resort, Cabo San Lucas Trio of jackets that make most of a rainy day Rick Steves: What’s new in Germany, Vienna and Prague One Day, One Place: Palermo neighborhood of Buenos Aires Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Eureka Valley flat embodies period grace in a hip Charm, space, fruit trees and a fountain—all for under $1 Hayes Valley Victorian conceals stylish condo Darling Half Moon Bay beach cottage with separate artist studio Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to successfully use the phone to expand your job search Make a job fair work for you Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Should you take a counteroffer? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Grape-juice-battles-Google-fact-check-11058729.php Grape juice battles; Google ‘fact check’ grows; fewer unemployed Chronicle Staff and News Services Updated 3:53 pm, Friday, April 7, 2017 Grape juice battle is strictly kosher For Orthodox Jews, grape juice is a Passover tradition. Now it’s also at the center of a huge business battle. The New York Times reported that Welch’s began teaming up last year with Manischewitz, the world’s largest matzo manufacturer and a kosher wine and food producer. And that’s leading to a rivalry with Kedem, which the Times calls “the long-reigning emperor of kosher grape juice.” It’s a big battle. As the Times reports, Orthodox Jews bless and drink a cup of wine three times on the Sabbath and four times at each of two Seders for Passover, which begins Monday night. Google expands ‘fact check’ use TOP BUSINESS VIDEOS: Story continues below | Business news first: Sign in for newsletters In a push to combat misleading news stories, Google will expand the use of “fact check” tags in its search results. People who search for a topic in Google’s main search engine or the Google News section will see a conclusion such as “mostly true” or “false” next to stories that have been fact checked. The Mountain View company has been working with more than 100 news organizations and fact-checking groups, including the Associated Press, the BBC and NPR. Their conclusions will appear in search results as long as they meet certain formatting criteria for automation. Number of the day 4.5 percent That was the unemployment rate in March, the lowest in a decade, even though employers added just 98,000 jobs, according to the Labor Department. That was barely half the previous month’s gain, but unemployment still dropped because of healthy gains in the number of people with jobs. From San Francisco Chronicle staff and news services. See more items and links at www.sfgate.com. Twitter: @techchronicle Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. SYRIA ATTACK Ghastly images of Syrian attack led to Trump about-face Trump's online base is furious about Syrian strikes Russia ups ante by freezing communications with US in Syria US probing: Did Russia take part in chem weapons attack? Pelosi wants House back to discuss Syria attack How members of Congress have reacted to the missile strike LATEST NEWS Diesel fuel, oil leak into SF Bay after winds capsize barge Daylong pizza protest continues at Dolores Park tonight Talk show host Tomi Lahren sues Glenn Beck, The Blaze Driver, passenger try to flee with ferret after hitting USPS... Herrera blasts Pepsi for use of SFPD shield in Jenner ad Man charged with murder in shooting of ex-girlfriend Dismembered body in San Bruno home prompts arrest Hundreds of US airport screeners failed drug tests Prostitute who gave Google exec fatal heroin dose to be deported 'I'm rich. You're hot.' Cold mathematics of sugar daddy dating Gov. Brown declares California drought to be officially over Drought over! Before-after photos show reservoir rise What NOT to do in San Francisco What Millennials do when they visit San Francisco Taylor: East Oakland eviction saga is complex Some displaced by Oakland blaze move from shelter to hotels TODAY'S TOP PICKS 'Big Little Lies' scenes that you can visit in real life Monterey More smokers exist right now than any other time in history Cheerleaders accused of prostitution, underage drinking punished Most Popular 1 Prostitute who gave Google exec fatal heroin dose to be deported 2 Daylong pizza protest continues at Dolores Park tonight 3 Report: College cheerleading team accused of prostitution,... 4 'I'm officially off the Trump Train': Trump's online base is... 5 Baseball-sized spider discovered in Baja California mine 6 Woman claiming to be mermaid has been identified by Fresno police 7 Ghastly images of Syrian attack led to Trump about-face 8 SF Driver tries to flee after colliding with a U.S. Postal truck 9 Texas masturbation bill is now in the hands of the Texas State... 10 Massive snowfall and 130 mph wind gusts slam Sierra during... THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Facebook and Google move to tackle fake news Published10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4XqL Copy Social media giant adds tips on spotting bogus reports; search engine rolls out 'fact check' tag SAN FRANCISCO • Internet titans Google and Facebook have rolled out new initiatives that seek to combat the spread of fake news on their websites. Google, the world's largest search engine, is rolling out a new feature that places "Fact Check" tags on snippets and articles in its news results, reported Bloomberg. The company's parent, Alphabet, had already run limited tests of the feature and yesterday, it extended the capability to every listing in its search pages and massive search catalogue. Meanwhile, Facebook ramped up the fight against fake news by adding tips for users on how to tell when shared stories are bogus, reported Agence France- Presse (AFP). The tips included checking website addresses along with searching out other sources or articles on topics. The initiative, which was launched in the United States, France and a dozen other countries on Thursday, added an educational tool in an "awareness display" that will be visible on users' news feeds for three days. The social media giant also plans to pay fact-checkers to monitor news on its platforms, in the face of sustained criticism that it has not done enough to stop the spread of fake news. The move to hire fact-checkers marks Facebook's first effort to formalise its relationship with third parties dedicated to debunking bogus stories, including news organisations that are active in the US, France, Germany and the Netherlands, reported the Financial Times. So far, Facebook has formed partnerships with third parties such as Politifact, Snopes, AFP, BFMTV, L'Express, Le Monde and Berlin-based non-profit Correctiv. Facebook's move came after German ministers approved plans to fine social media firms up to €50 million (S$74.5 million) if they do not proactively remove hate speech and fake news within seven days of posting. Google is not entirely giving up its usual hands-off approach either: The company is letting others do the fact-checking. The approach is meant to legitimise or question claims online, Google said in a blog post. Checked search results list the name of the person or group making the assertion and the determination of the fact-checker. While any publisher can apply to add fact-check labels to content, Google search algorithms will determine whether they appear in results, a spokesman said. A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on April 08, 2017, with the headline 'Facebook and Google move to tackle fake news'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  FACEBOOK FAKE NEWS SOCIAL MEDIA GOOGLE More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4XqL Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content steinway_a125809_2017apr03_300x200_native.jpg Steinway Spirio brings new music lecture series to life sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Pixel 2: Processor Devil’s in the Details Chris Burns - Apr 7, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit We’re still several months out from the new Google Pixel 2 devices, but at this early stage of the game we’ve gone digging into what we can expect from the new Android flagships. Based on data from a source with information on the subject as well as our own investigations, we’ve got a pretty decent idea of what the basics will be for Google’s next flagships. Google might be at the helm of Android, but even it has to work with the state of play in the component industry, not to mention whatever trends are at work at the time. Because of that, we can build a fair picture this far ahead of reveal and release. Processor Power In the past several years Google has worked with OEMs who faithfully buy the latest and the greatest processors from Qualcomm. Based on past scheduling and what we assume will be scheduling similar to last year for the Pixel and Pixel XL, we can find a few things out. If indeed Google does stick to past trends, they’ll get themselves the same processor for both the Pixel 2 and the Pixel XL 2 (or whatever they’ll be called.) SEE TOO: Google Pixel 2: Some Future Details That processor will come from Qualcomm’s Mobile Platform line, and it’ll likely be in the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 family. If Qualcomm sticks to their naming scheme from last year, that processor will be called something like the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Pro. This connection was made in a couple of different ways. One is assuming last year’s timing of Qualcomm processor releases will stay the same. Another is watching Android Open Source Project gerrit for changes. In an Abandoned change numbered 363972, a comment can be seen which mentions several names. The comment speaks about several code artifacts that aren’t used by the general Android framework and should therefore be moved to vendor partition. “Instead they are used only by products based on sailfish/marlin/msm8998,” says the change note. “So they should be installed on vendor partition.” This is odd because it mentions two code-names, Sailfish and Marlin, which correspond with the Google Pixel and Pixel XL, but it also mentions a third term. Assuming the 8998 isn’t a typographical error, the term msm8998 corresponds to the latest in Qualcomm Snapdragon processor technology. Specifically the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, which was announced back in November of 2016 and released with the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus. There’s only one previous mention of that processor in the entirety of the gerrit – before that, there’s a few for MSM8996, mainly mentioned with direct connections to first two Google Pixel devices, both of which used the MSM8996. That’s also known as the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 Pro. The Pro is a version of the Snapdragon 821, the Qualcomm processor released with the Samsung Galaxy S7. Abilities If and in my estimation WHEN the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL are fitted with the newest “Pro” version of the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor, they’ll have a lot more power under the hood than last year’s models. For a deep dive into what’s possible with the newest Qualcomm processor technology, have a peek at our Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Guide from earlier this year. It means that the Pixel 2 and Pixel XL 2 will have at least as good a set of inner bits as the Galaxy S8 and/or S8 Plus. That means a 10nm FinFET LPE (Samsung) fabrication of its processor – that’s very tiny and, more importantly, very efficient. It means 4 + 4 Octa-core CPU processing with ARMv8-A ISA, Kryo 280 microarchitecture, and 2.4576 + 1.9 GHz clock frequency, at least. The GPU set in the Pixel 2 era of devices will include the Adreno 540 (OpenGL ES 3.2, OpenCL 2.0 full, Vulkan, DX12) clocked at at least 670 MHz. Inside the SoC we’ll also find at least 1866 MHz (29.8 GB/s) bandwidth LPDDR4X for memory, and next-gen wireless data technology. In this case that’s X16 LTE (download: Cat 16, up to 1000 Mbit/s; upload: Cat 13, up to 150 Mbit/s) for cellular data and 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wave 2(MU-MIMO) Wi-Fi. Of course the data speed you’ll actually get will really depend on your carrier. We’ll almost certainly have another fingerprint scanner – the technology in the processor is still there. It’s quite possible we’ll also have eye and facial-based security tech as well. The Google Pixel 2 and Pixel XL 2 will have the ability to work with Google Daydream – it should go without saying. The processor will also give Google the potential to include 4K UHD Premium (HDR10) Foveated Rendering, 10-bit 4K @60fps display abilities, and Q-SYNC. Q-SYNC allows the device’s display to render content at the same frames-per-second speed that the GPU is capable of – which should ideally be the case in all processors, but often isn’t. Q-SYNC should also provide for a far better – smoother, that is – VR experience for the Pixel 2. This processor’s 10-bit graphics support means 60x better color than previous 8-bit processor graphics. This new 10-bit graphics support also brings a much wider color gamut and far more granularity than any mobile device has been able to deliver before – perfect for mobile VR. Virtual Reality in Google’s Daydream environment will continue to allow the device to have an edge over the iPhone and at least a fighting chance against similar offerings from Samsung. Qualcomm let us know that a number of virtual reality and augmented reality devices (dedicated headsets, for example) were already in development with the Snapdragon 835 at the beginning of this year. With 32-bit processing for audio along with 3D audio support alongside all the smooth graphics finesse, it’s not difficult to see (and hear) why VR and AR were a big part of the focus for the initial presentation of the Snapdragon 835. The Pixel 2 and Pixel XL 2 will likely have more than its fair share of VR and AR-capable abilities because of what Qualcomm brings to the table. The Google Pixel already made use of USB-C connectivity for power, data, and audio upon initial release. With the Snapdragon 835, the Pixel 2 and Pixel XL 2 will have USB-C audio power consumption cut in half. With Qualcomm’s QuickCharge 3.0 with USB-C, users will find 20% faster charging than previous implementations. Snapdragon 835 also works with Bluetooth 5.0 support with increased range and speed over Bluetooth 4.2. Wrap-up This is just the first part of a 2-part series we’ve got prepared for you for the expected specifications of the Google Pixel 2 and Google Pixel XL 2. These devices will likely be appearing in October of this year, 2017, and – if so – would then be released not long after whatever announcement Google has planned. Expect to buy either of these smartphones by the end of this year. Have a peek at the timeline below to continue to follow this Pixel 2 down the rabbit hole. Story Timeline Reasons why Google's Pixel 2 could be the best phone ever Google Pixel 2 : How Pixel XL's success could shape the next release Google Pixel 2 might be even more expensive Google Pixel 2 could pull an Apple and drop headphone jack Google Pixel 2 detail releases hit the leak valve Tags AndroidgoogleGoogle PixelHTCmobilePhonespixelPixel XLQualcommsmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes Google Pixel 2: Processor Devil’s in the Details iPad Pro Review Addendum: 1-year later, still sketchin’ The limits of semi-autonomous driving tech: We go Volvo Pilot Assist II winter testing 2018 Mercedes-AMG GT C Roadster First Drive: A silver bullet Snipperclips review: A great Nintendo Switch co-op puzzle game Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... An Israeli security researcher takes a good look at Samsung's Tizen, labels it the worst code he has ever seen Jordan Palmer Follow View All Posts 2017/04/04 11:26am PDTApr 4, 2017 66 Plus 1 on G+ 295 Share on Facebook 78 Share on Twitter Total Shares439 News Samsung Android is a hulking beast as far as global user share is concerned — hell, it's the most-used operating system in the world, surpassing even Windows (in terms of internet usage). When Samsung announced that it was creating its own open-source alternative to Google's mobile OS, it was not really a surprise. We've had several upstarts over the years, like Sailfish, Firefox OS, Ubuntu Touch, and so on, but all of them have failed in some form or another. There were a few people, however, who thought Sammy could be the one to unseat Google and Android with a mobile operating system that it called Tizen. Whether it's pronounced TEE-zen or TIE-zen is still a mystery (Wikipedia and I say it's the latter), but up until now, word on the integrity and security of the code has been relatively scant. Israeli researcher Amihai Neiderman finally dove into Tizen's guts to see what he could find. According to his report to Motherboard, what he found wasn't good. Niederman claims that the operating system contains what "may be the worst code [he's] ever seen" with signs of amateur mistakes/practices and no less than 40 zero-day vulnerabilities. All of those 40 allow for remote-code execution, which permits nefarious parties to access and assume varying levels of control of a Tizen device. Remember, there are quite a few devices running Samsung's OS, including the Gear smartwatches and some phones. One of the most critical vulnerabilities was in the Tizen Store (the equivalent of the Play Store or App Store), which allowed Niederman to inject malicious code into his Samsung TV (also running Tizen). His conclusion from this was that you as a hypothetical third-party could "update a Tizen system with any malicious code you want." Even the store's authentication measures weren't enough — he just used a heap-overflow vulnerability (which he also discovered) to hijack the software before the security protocols activated. Moving on, Niederman says that Tizen's code base is quite outdated and even borrows some elements from Bada, its predecessor. However, he claims that most of the issues he found were in the new code, which was written in the last two years or so. Some of the mistakes are those one might find programmers making twenty years ago. As Motherboard puts it, this shows that Sammy lacks any basic code development or review practices. To prove his point, Niederman points to one example that he claims was everywhere in Tizen, strcpy(). Basically, strcpy() is a flawed function that is easily exploitable and is not used anymore because of that, yet it is supposedly prevalent in Tizen. To top everything off, Niederman says that the programmers failed to use SSL encryption in certain areas during specific data transmissions. This led him to conclude that they made the wrong assumptions on what needed to be encrypted and purposefully left out SSL in those places. When he initially reached out to Samsung to declare his findings, he was greeted with an automated response. Motherboard's attempts to contact the Korean conglomerate resulted only in the basic PR drivel about the company's focus on security and whatnot. However, after the original article got published, Sammy reached out again to Motherboard to claim that it was working with Niederman to resolve the issues, who corroborated this by saying he was in talks with the corporation. You can read more at the source link below if you're interested. Honestly, I can't say that I'm too surprised. As Mr. Niederman puts it, Samsung should reconsider deploying Tizen to its appliances and future phones before doing a serious overhaul on the code. I find that I agree with him. Source: Motherboard Tags dumpster fire sammy Samsung security security researcher Tizen vulnerabilities vulnerability subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: Offer is live] Reminder: T-Mobile customers can get a free one-year subscription to ... ... Next Story Quirky platformer MouseBot is Vector Unit's latest offering for the casual and hardcore alike Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments LANCE Lazy coding from Samsung....Shocker!!! (Sarcasm) JohnyNoLegs Lazy coding by coders....SHOCKER!!!! (Sarcasm because even google/apple has shitty code haha) F4LL0U7 But by all means, let's spend $900 on the new Galaxy phone, because I'm sure it's both immune to their terrible code, and totally worth the price tag. Ome Dries The S8 doesn't use Tizen though, so your phone should be safe... your Samsung powered fridge is a different story Leonardo Baez Or their line of smartwatch John Doe Yeah but they probably use the same programmers for Tizen and Android. kalehv I wouldn't think so. Tizen and Android are very very different inside out. demarcmj Probably not the same programmers, but the culture, processes, etc. are probably the same. Just this. the general attitude can't (and won't) be different MJ No... The Android and Tizen programmers are most certainly on different teams and only deal with their platform. This does not mean Samsung as a whole is good at software. John Doe We don't know if they really are on different teams unless Samsung told you. MJ I wouldn't know if Samsung employs cows for programmers unless they told me but I can almost guarantee the teams are separate. Programming teams at any company tend to specialize on ONE project at a time. It's not the same guys... There will be a small number of top programmers who will move from team to to team to fix problems or help with deadlines. John Doe "I can almost guarantee the teams are separate" No you can't unless you are an employee there and know what Samsung is doing. Samsung is not your typical silicon valley tech company so I have no idea how they work. MJ It's funny your whole argument is there is no way we can know how they do it at Samsung yet you had no problem making the statement the Android and Tizen programmers are probably the same which would be a totally unusual setup for any company with large programmer teams. Why not just go with they are probably cows which is why their software is so bad. LOL John Doe They probably are cows :) F4LL0U7 Right, but my point is that their code is crap, and they're making tons of "enhancements" to the Android OS, plus the dozens of Google apps they unnecessarily duplicate. Their terrible code makes a huge impact on the Android ecosystem. tim242 They don't unnecessarily duplicate anything. Samsung has many apps that are far superior to Google's bloatware. John Doe https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/e46717cc007988df31954f458f30b8b237b2c4e803101752d08debfaa155bcf3.gif tim242 Samsung Pay>Android Pay Samsung Browser>Chrome John Doe Samsung pay is greater how exactly? And no on the browser I used Samsung's browser it is not as good as chrome. tim242 Ummm I can use Samsung Pay everywhere. As for the browser, you are full of shit. John Doe Umm that is hardware not software, Samsung bought looppay to do that and it has nothing to do with Samsung's software. Chrome is the most used browser in the world...facts. tim242 It is hardware and software, you know like Android Pay uses NFC. You aren't very smart. As for the browser, since when does most used equal best? McDonald's burgers are the most popular burgers, but nobody will claim them to be the best. Do better. John Doe Wow lmao. Looppay uses MST like your credit card so very little software is needed for it to work. You just need to store credit card information. with NFC there is more communications on both ends and more authentication is required. It is more secure than Magnetic strips. But at the end of the day when it comes to software Apple pay and Android Pay are much better (Design, speed, ease of use, etc) I have used Samsung's browser it is featureless. Chrome has a lot of features that I use and it is fast. I save my passwords in chrome, I have data saver, Read later, cached pages for quick reload, Google AMP, autofill is synced, better privacy controls and Do Not Track, Google translate embedded, and fine grain controls for sites accessing camera, microphone, notifications, etc. Samsung's browser is small potatoes compared to Chrome. AbbyZFresh If you've used Samsung's browser, then you would know it's speed >>>>> Chrome is well worth less features in the way John Doe Bitch please you are a bigger troll than Tim and you are a Google hater. Why are you even here? tim242 Your ignorance/stupidity is really showing. MST uses tokenization just the same as NFC. You should educate yourself before commenting about something you know nothing about. Samsung Pay is superior, deal with it. Samsung's browser is lighter, and has more features. You can log into sites with your fingerprint. Try that in Chrome. You can also use an ad blocker plugin. Try that in Chrome. Oh, and it is Chromium based. That means it has a lot of Chrome features as well. Do better John Doe What does tokenization have to do with using the app? We are comparing Samsung Pay with Android pay here and you said samsung pay is better because you can use it anywhere that has nothing to do with samsung pay dumbass that is looppay which samsung bought. It has nothing to do with the actual software. When it comes to the actual app the design, speed and ease of use of Android and Apple pay is better than samsung pay. Chrome still has a lot more features that the two you mentioned. But I can't change the mind of an ignorant troll. A troll is a troll is a troll. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/70cffa9c6cf517883f23a7ea527e30ffa7ecb7b3f6c82e8599d47b0b1cca584e.gif tim242 LoopPay does not exist. Samsung bought it and incorporated it into Samsung Pay, which makes it better than Android Pay. Tokenization means it is not insecure, as you claimed. You are the obvious troll. You make no sense at all. John Doe Looppay is a hardware feature it has very little to do with the app that is like saying I can use 3.5mm headphones with my music app compared to the iPhone. It is a hardware feature but the app at the end of the day is judged separate from that. You are truly fucken moron and deserve a note 7. tim242 LoopPay was the name of a company that no longer exists. MST was bought by Samsung and is part of Samsung Pay. Hardware can't work without software. Why you are trying to separate the two, is beyond me. Take the tech that Google bought from SoftCard/ISIS out of Android Pay, and see how far that NFC chip gets you. You are now on block, as your stupidity is too much for me. John Doe Samsung bought looppay and its patents so you can't have MST on other devices. We are comparing Samsung with Google here so you have to compare only the software not the harware (This whole fucken article is about software and samsung's incompetence). You are fucken retarted Softcard/ISIS was bought for Google wallet not Android pay and it was because carriers blocked Google wallet so Google bought softcard which was made by the carriers. Samsung pay sucks, period. "Samsung Pay's security measures are based on Samsung Knox and ARM TrustZone technologies; credit card information is stored in a secure token.[3] Payments must be authenticated using a fingerprint scan.[6][7] In August 2016, security researcher Salvador Mendoza disclosed a potential flaw with Samsung Pay, arguing that its security tokens were not sufficiently randomized and could become predictable. He also designed a handheld device that could be used to skim magnetic secure transmission tokens, and another which could spoof magnetic stripes on actual card readers using the token. Samsung responded to the report, stating that "If at any time there is a potential vulnerability, we will act promptly to investigate and resolve the issue".[8]" http://www.zdnet.com/article/flaw-in-samsung-pay-lets-hackers-wirelessly-skim-credit-cards/ Middlefinger Just because people are forced to use chrome on Android it doesnt mean its the best. Its the new IE, its terrible on mobile and hardly better on desktop. MJ Who are these people who are forced to use Chrome on Android? John Doe They are not forced to use it. Chrome doesn't come preloaded on desktop but it is still the number one because people go and download it. And it doesn't come preloaded on all Android phones. Middlefinger Yes, it is on every Android phone. If people chose Chrome over Firefox then thats their own problem and its not like FF is perfect either. John Doe It is not on every Android phone. And they choose it because they like it and want to use it. Middlefinger Its compulsory according to the Android licensing agreement, if you want Google play access. John Doe The play store is not on every Android phone...its not on any phone in china for example and the Mobile Application Distribution Agreement is optional and Google chrome is not even set to default and is hidden in a folder on Samsung devices so no one is forcing anyone to do anything here. Middlefinger Its on every phone that has access to the play store. What china does is not relevant to this so dont deflect. You know full well what i was referring to, not that it will stop you claiming victory as is usual on here. Its not hidden, its right on the damn home screen on international unlocked OEM devices. John Doe You said "*EVERY* android phone has Google Chrome". There are plenty of Android phones that do not sign that agreement and do not have the play store on them also the agreement is negotiated with Google including what apps to include. This agreement is also signed with carriers so Google, OEMs and the carriers negotiate it. And yes it is hidden in the US carrier version because I had to go through the app list, open the folder, click on it to use it and also have to make it default...it is not set to default. This was on an S7 edge. https://landing.google.com/intl/en/androidisforusers/faq.html https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-4a46Ko8RE Middlefinger Newsflash, the world doesnt revolve around US carriers.. On the first point.. well done, you won on a technicality that neither of us were even talking about anyway. John Doe That is where OEMs sell the majority of their phones through carriers and specifically US carriers not international unlocked phones which samsung doesn't even update on time (But that is another issue). But even in the international unlocked phone I am sure the S7 also does not have chrome as the default browser. Middlefinger My Samsung devices do, as did my LGs, HTCs and so on (including network branded ones). Some US carriers may have other things installed and set to default, but its the exception in the world. Either way Google requires its bloat be installed, and i dont see that as any better than Samsungs. John Doe You may think is bloat but the billions of Google users out there do not think so go download what you like. Shame-sung C.E.O Swinesung Pay is Garbage. Don't fall for this guys Sheep Mentallity. This is the same person who said CURRENT-C was going to be the winner out of Payment wars LOL!! No joke he was the biggest shill for Months. Shame-sung C.E.O https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d20aef0fbc504aadabb8bd8fde48166d56c8b76806fd4b9f3e699fb0f3c88c9a.jpg https://media.giphy.com/media/l3E6uhDAN3W7vylji/giphy.gif LMFAO!!! LineOS for exynos! I know Samsung browser is based on chromium... But he say 'better' becouse ad blocker... If chrome have ad blocker is will be faster.. that for sure Suicide_Note Two hardly qualifies as 'many apps'. tim242 That was just two examples. Another example is Messages. I have to use Samsung Messages, because Google forces pop up messages, unless you silence them altogether. Suicide_Note I use Google Messages all the time, but I'm not aware of any pop-up messages. Or are you referring to the way the message notification pops up? tim242 Yes, the notifications. Google took the option out of the settings to disable that nonsense. Samsung put the option into their app. Why is Google forcing that on us? It is annoying to have them interrupt what I am doing, and disregards privacy Suicide_Note I like it since i can see if i need to reply immediately or not, or just dismiss it to the notification tray, but to each their own. Good thing we have so many options to choose from. 😊 tim242 Yeah, I would use Google Messenger, if only I could disable that. Knowing Google, they may add that back later. JohnyNoLegs Google doesn't even have an audio recording app LOL. Google has barely anything. Literally BARE Middlefinger amung browser is superior to chrome. A carrier Pigeon is better than chrome, at least Samsung internet actually exits properly when you press the back button. John Doe So go use a carrier pigeon...troll LoL If you like Samsung and their programming skills go buy a Tizen phone Middlefinger I prefer Samsung to Google anyway. Android is a damn mess and getting worse again. Sure 7 is better than the total disaster that was kitkat, but its worse than anything since KK. John Doe Ok so go get a Tizen phone http://www.samsung.com/in/smartphones/samsung-z3/ Middlefinger I prefer Samsungs mods to Android to Googles 'stock', Samsung actually seem to test it before breaking everyone devices. John Doe That is because everyone's device is already broken (Laggy, buggy, slow, and filled with unnecessary apps). Middlefinger Like most of the Google apps, yeah you're right. John Doe Google's apps are updated continually and are stable than the majority of OEM apps since they are mostly updated by OTA instead of through the play store like all of Google's apps. Anyways, that doesn't change the fact that Samsung's software is laggy and terrible...it also gets worse over time which is just sad. And the fact that they take forever to update their phones does not help your argument. Middlefinger Firstly thats horseshit, Google apps are just as unstable as any. Secondly Samsungs launcher can be laggy, jsut like Googles can be painfully limited, so dont use either. The rest of the Samsung mods are better than Googles, especially the notification pulldown. Ive already addressed the update thing. If Google was pushing 7.1.1 to every device in the world there would be hundreds of millions that randomly rebooted. The OEMs test better and it takes time. Older thats stable and fixed is better than newer and broken. John Doe Firstly thats horseshit, Google apps are just as unstable as any. I use Google's apps daily and they are not unstable actually they are highly rated in the play store compared to samsung's apps and are used by way more people that just shows how stable they are. Unless you are using beta version, heck even the beta version is stable so I have no idea what you are talking about. There are always problems with updates even Apple has them with iOS but the difference is Google can push out a fix quickly like Apple. Also with new updates you get security patches and fixes for older bugs that take months to fix when going through OEMs and carriers. If you think Samsung's programming is good go check the article you are commenting on LoL. Middlefinger So what if google can and does patch things quickly, it shouldn't get broken in the first place. This just doesn't happen with most OEM devices, and hasnt to a single one ive ever had. My Nexus devices have been a string of bad hardware, poor software, show stopping faults and RMAs. John Doe I have had several nexus devices and pixel and I have never had severe problems to a point where I had to send it in. There are bugs like any other OEM especially samsung but Google has the ability to fix them quickly. Newflash, it does happen with a lot of OEMs including Apple. This isn't new anyways Google's software is highly praised on the pixel compared to Samsung's "horseshit". Go check the reviews. Middlefinger Im sure the 9 people that have a Pixel just loved the reboots. Nice its fixed, shame it ever happened. Never had severe problem eh? Ive never had ANY with anything except the Nexus'. Highly praised is it? By who exactly? If its the same people that bought the Nexus then they are easily pleased and highly biased. You cant deny there is an entire body of fanboys out there that love AOSP, regardless of how bad it is. If google just secretly used all Samsungs code for 8 it would be the best thing ever, because bias blinds. John Doe 9 people? classy. Nice joke. Never had severe problem eh? Ive never had ANY with anything except the Nexus'. You just lost all credibility just stop. All the tech blogs gave it excellent reviews and said it was the best Android phone available even tech blogs that favor Apple said so and that says a lot. Middlefinger Yeah, OK. Zero Mizukami What didnt you like about kitkat? I was always under the impression kitkat was more or less the pinnacle of Android Middlefinger Sorry I meant LP. Audio Totally disagree. There are no Samsung apps on my S7 that I actually use. tim242 That's you. I use Samsung Pay every day, to pay for everything. Samsung's browser is far superior to Chrome. I use Samsung's SMS app, because Google forces pop up messages on theirs. F4LL0U7 That's your opinion, and of course I have my own. It was just a little frustrating when I started my work GS7 for the first time and saw two of nearly every app. As a Nexus/Pixel guy, I'm horrified at Samsung's terrible (in my opinion) design and functionality standards. Not to mention the 3rd party garbage they toss in there too. I had to purchase an app that allows me to disable their default apps. When your first task in the process of setting up a new phone is to wade through and remove the bloat, there's something wrong there. tim242 I purchased a package disabler as well. But I also had to disable a lot of Google bloatware as well. John Doe You need to look up the term bloatware. Lookup, Microsoft office, facebook, and all the other unnecessary apps that don't need to be preinstalled are bloatware. Anyways I don't know what I am arguing with you samsung phones are burning up...literally so unless samsung sells 100+ million s8 they will always be behind apple. tim242 Behind apple haha you are silly. John Doe Why is that silly? They are behind Apple in the smartphone business. tim242 That is not true. Get educated, then comment. John Doe Lmao http://www.techtimes.com/articles/188124/20161208/apple-iphone-7-is-the-best-selling-smartphone-in-us-trumping-the-samsung-galaxy-s7-kantar.htm https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/56f89a4335e2c7fe807cdebf208e142c62b61a5cec127b30c1f4b3c96aee3961.gif tim242 Lmao that is just the S7. Samsung has many other smartphones. You are trying to move the goalposts. Try harder John Doe http://bgr.com/2017/02/03/apple-vs-samsung-sales-2016/ http://www.businessinsider.com/samsung-galaxy-apple-iphone-premium-market-share-chart-2016-12 https://www.fool.com/investing/general/2015/10/16/samsung-galaxy-vs-iphone-which-product-line-has-so.aspx Apple beat Samsung with 3 Phones....Samsung had 31. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/13806899d2dd953b00745e25586ce63bc99bfb72ae0d42ccd3bbb42fa9c618b5.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78dd8b407e1ea19bc331dea202aae34c0cb0772bea409ff56a11d2efb86e7f9d.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/91444a76a0ec89e25770a31b864244d9c04aad4f64e7c6152e993058b5c82bb9.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/688053d5bd7c128160ba9a9dfe79639b542955188e91c63913e08ee14faa1f85.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/e9eb24fa3eae7253df33b2eb97d2250c7c498213eec6de868a759657891aad6b.png JohnyNoLegs Yea like Pixel Launcher, Hangouts, Daydream haha byteseyes Google apps are definitely bloatware. There's tons of Google bloatware I delete every time I get a new device with Android on it. Granted, I think Samsung and Google should get a pass for including their software because it's Samsung's hardware and part Samsung and part Google's software. Completely 3rd party companies like carriers or Microsoft stuffing their software is the worst kind of bloatware. John Doe Google apps are not bloatware because people do use them and they are useful. Bloatware means apps that people don't use and waste space on your device. Google's apps definitly do not waste space and the majority of them are used so no they are not bloatware. These are the apps Google requires most are Google play apps: Google Chrome Google Maps Google Drive YouTube Gmail Google+ (The only one I think is unnecessary) Google Play Music Google Play Movies Google Play Books Google Play Newsstand Google Play Games Google Photos Hangouts (Probably stopped requiring it already) byteseyes Your conclusion that Google apps are not bloatware rests on the premise that people use them. By the same token, Samsung apps are not bloatware because people do use them and they are useful. Realistically, I can count on 2 hands the number of people I've come across who use Google Play Music, Movies, Books, Newsstand, Games, Photos, Hangouts, and Google+. Most people I know do use YouTube and Maps the most, while Chrome is forced onto people often. Drive is a wash. That means almost all of Google's apps are not commonly used, hence waste space. So don't you think it's unfair and untrue to make the assumption that people use Google apps, while simultaneously making the unfair and untrue assumption that people don't use Samsung apps? I personally love Samsung apps and I find most of Google's apps redundant. I can understand if people are vice versa. Haha, sorry, I didn't mean this response to be too long, so all boiled down, Samsung and Google apps are either both bloatware or both not. Hope you can understand that they can not be different. John Doe Fact is that far more people use Google's apps than Samsung's you can check the play store reviews and how many people use them. Google's services are used way more often than Samsung's that is a known fact. Google and Samsung do not release numbers of every single app but Google has a billion+ monthly active users on some of their services. When it comes to the Google play apps, they come in a package with the play store. It makes no fucken sense to have a music section in the play store and no app to play it with. They are a package. Chrome is not "forced" on people. You need to lookup what that word means and Chrome is not even set as default on samsung devices so how the hell is it "forced"? That means almost all of Google's apps are not commonly used, hence waste space. It is silly to make a statement like that So don't you think it's unfair and untrue to make the assumption that people use Google apps, while simultaneously making the unfair and untrue assumption that people don't use Samsung apps? No because like stated above Google has more than billion+ active users on their services and highly rated apps in the play store and they a regularly updated. Samsung on the other hand has even discontinued multiple apps and services because no one is using them like Samsung milk music. https://play.google.com/store/apps/collection/search_results_cluster_apps?clp=ggEJCgdzYW1zdW5n:S:ANO1ljLMiXA https://play.google.com/store/apps/collection/search_results_cluster_apps?clp=ggEICgZnb29nbGU%3D:S:ANO1ljIY5oM Bloatware apps are determined by the user and I am positive that more users find Google's apps in a favorable light than Samsung's. You are in the minority. byteseyes "Fact is that far more people use Google's apps than Samsung's you can check the play store reviews and how many people use them. Google's services are used way more often than Samsung's that is a known fact. Google and Samsung do not release numbers of every single app but Google has a billion+ monthly active users on some of their services." YouTube and Maps are the most popular. The majority of Google apps are not used at all by most people. But that doesn't matter. The point is lots of people use Google apps, and lots of people use Samsung apps too. You can't ignore one group of people even if it's one order of magnitude smaller. It's still a significant number. "When it comes to the Google play apps, they come in a package with the play store. It makes no fucken sense to have a music section in the play store and no app to play it with. They are a package." Many people don't use them. I'm just using your own assumption and logic. I personally deleted them. Whether it makes sense or not to include them is irrelevant. Of course from a company's perspective it almost always makes sense to include their own service. That's business. You're inclined to make justifications for Google but not for others. "Chrome is not "forced" on people. You need to lookup what that word means and Chrome is not even set as default on samsung devices so how the hell is it "forced"?" It's not forced on Samsung devices thank god. But anyway, instead of on smartphones, I was just remembering off the top of my head about the Chrome browser slipping its way into many people's computers, so I was going off a tangent there. "It is silly to make a statement like that" It's pure logic. "No because like stated above Google has more than billion+ active users on their services and highly rated apps in the play store and they a regularly updated. Samsung on the other hand has even discontinued multiple apps and services because no one is using them like Samsung milk music." Again, that's not the case for almost all of Google's apps. Most of Google's apps are not commonly used. Google also discontinues or leaves as zombies apps that no one uses. "Bloatware apps are determined by the user" That's what I've been saying all along. "and I am positive that more users find Google's apps in a favorable light than Samsung's. You are in the minority." Of course a software-centric company is going to have a larger user base. I may be in the minority, but it's still a large number of people. We're not talking about 1 user vs 1 million. If there's 1 user, and an app is installed to cater to that one 1 user, then it would be bad to include the app. But many, many, many people use Samsung apps too. You can't cherry pick what you like and ignore everything that others like. John Doe Exactly so going back to my original comment that Google's apps are not bloatware and that apps from Facebook, Microsoft, and Lookout are bloatware. Also when Samsung has two music apps like Google play music and Milk on their devices and they end up discontinuing Milk because no one uses it that is also bloatware. So I am glad we cleared up your confusion on whether Google's apps are "definitly bloatware" https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/04d006e4bd2b9525b0b0e9550444617ee69614c33bf605ad372243dc9af02410.png byteseyes Logic must not be your strong suit. John Doe Good Job nice comeback byteseyes Thanks. byteseyes I can understand your viewpoint. Me personally, I find most of Google's apps redundant because I really love Samsung's apps. I actually did the same as you haha! I purchased an app to delete all of Google's apps except Youtube and Maps and a few of Samsung's too. I think there are people who use Samsung apps and people who use Google apps. Not referring to you, but some people like to think Google apps are not bloatware because they themselves use them. But many people also love and use Samsung apps, myself included. Even though I love Samsung apps, I can totally understand if people are vice versa. Logically speaking, either both Samsung and Google apps are both bloatware or both not. dabug91 Lol, umm Samsung has it's own calendar app, calculator app, memo app, messaging app, etc and they're all shit. No phone has more bloatware than a Samsung phone. They win hands-down in that category. tim242 I prefer all of those to Google's offerings. I'm glad to have a choice. OligarchyAmbulance You honestly think they have higher standards for their lagfest Android skin? tim242 They have higher standards than Google/HTC with the dumpster fire that is Pixel. John Doe https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a1405ef722a16da1e676294296d43a0d524eaaf5c53be0f4ec6d89b9ab035eb1.gif M. Luciano What? Where are you getting all this? tim242 There have been numerous hardware issues reported since release. Some of which being the microphone, speakers, camera, and the display. tekfr33kn I've had my Pixel for a few months now and haven't had a single one of those problems. I know that a few people have had them but it's more rare than you you are making it out to be. Audio Or for Knox for that matter! Bob http://imgur.com/gallery/UrhOtai Middlefinger No it uses Android, which we all know is perfect/ s ... At least Samsung fixes the mess Google creates most of time though. Jumanji! Are you perhaps conflating user experience with quality/security of code? A company can make something look pretty or function, but that doesn't mean there aren't any issues with the security of their code. Computer science isn't an exact science and creating software is always a series of trade offs. Middlefinger No im basing it on all the problem Google has with its own devices and how much time OEMs have to spend fixing Google code before they release it on their own devices. Jumanji! What do you expect? Android is a big, complex platform and there are a number of OEMs who blend it with their own, unique hardware variations and services. It's absolutely normal for customers to find defects in shipping products. It's ultimately how the company reacts to customer facing defects and issues that really matters. I'd love to see a list of the volume of defects that OEMs have fixed in the Android platform. I think data has the potential of strengthening your arguments rather than having them appear to be nothing but hyperbole. Middlefinger Not all fixes they make is committed back to stock. Much of what the OEMs do is proprietary, but given that OEM devices dont have the problems AOSP based devices do its reasonable to say they fixed something. If all the Google devices had identical hardware you could argue the problem is which specific hardware, but thats not the case. Regardless of the hardware the problem persists because the problems are in Googles code. Zsolt V You are right in everything you wrote. Congrats, finally a sane voice. F4LL0U7 If that was sincere and not sarcastic, thanks! JohnyNoLegs Haha doesn't run Tizen. Fail. Google code their own bugs anyway. F4LL0U7 No shit, try reading the rest of the thread. Vivek Rameses That's odd, some people think Israel is worst place humanity has ever seen. Sruly J Do you get a thrill connecting politics go something totally not related to that? Suicide_Note And that has to do with Samsung's poor coding......how, exactly? https://media.giphy.com/media/Qy9hRuWrKjY2I/giphy.gif Vivek Rameses Just pointing out facts. Sruly J Which are totally irrelevant to this topic. Vivek Rameses Shouldn't be in the title then. No, shows the credibility of said researcher. Sruly J Because a programmer is in charge of the politics of their country... But tell me; If someone from the US would have revealed these same facts, would you have an issue with it? Especially since they would be stating the same facts. EcE By that logic, all Americans are orange liars with tiny hands. Suicide_Note And some might say that whatever country you're from is the worst but, again, what would that have to do with Samsung's poor coding? marcusmarcus2 In that case, here is a link to 500 useless facts that have the same relevance to this article. You'll love it. http://alturl.com/p749b Shuli81 What's even more odd is that it's a paradise compared to whatever 3rd world country you live in Shane DeRidder More reasons to stick with Android proper, Samsung. Let the Android Developers do their thing as they do it so well. tim242 This has nothing to do with Android... EcE Exactly what he is saying... dump Tizen and stick to Android tim242 I don't think they will be dumping Android. It would be too much of a change for their userbase. But if they were to do that, I would surely dump them. The problem is, I don't care for any other Android manufacturer. HTC is not the proper ODM for Google, too many issues. Drunk Squirrel Did you even read what he said? He clearly said "dump TIZEN", "NOT Android"! Nicholas Conrad I don't think he really reads what anybody says. Drakenoid Which is why I blocked him ages ago and you should too. Middlefinger Yeah, because Android is so great. How many Nexus devices have rebooted randomly today i wonder? MJ That a thing? I don't recall my Nexus 7 which have had for three years ever randomly rebooting. I used a Nexus 5 actively for 2 1/2 years and remember a short period where I had to MANUALLY reboot it a couple of times a week. My Pixel XL has been stable and just as fast/smooth since day one. JohnyNoLegs Pixel XL here, required one RMA, 3 factory resets. Bluetooth is still dodgy. Google Play music is dodgy, it doesn't play for more than 30 mins without stopping audio. LOL at you thinking Google/Nexus?Pixel is any better LOLOLOLOLOL MJ OK, you had a bad phone. So? I have owned more than three Nexus/Pixel devices with no major issues. Regardless, I was responding specifically to the random rebooting issue the OP mentioned that I have never seen. JohnyNoLegs Nexus 5X random reboots. My wife RMA'd it within the first 6 months. 6P battery would die when it got to 30%, RMA'd that and the 6P i got, android system used loads of battery and I would barely get 1.5 hrs SOT even after factory resets. Then bought Note7, was leaps and bounds ahead of the Nexus 5X and 6P, except for the whole risk of exploding....THen I got the Pixel, which yea sure it's always fast at first, but it does so much less than the Note 7, and now my Pixel struggles at points anyway. I have owned every nexus except for the 6, I have also owned nearly all LG G series and Galaxy series. The most Issues I have had are with nexus devices, mostly to do with updates. Airoid Sammy is fu#ked Suicide_Note Hardly. It just means they'll be using Android for a good while longer. shadowx360 Samsung has at least matched (or surpassed) Apple in terms of design and manufacturing of hardware, but is Chinese-OEM level when it comes to software. Articles like these are why I stick with Pixel/Nexus devices. If they want to be taken seriously, they need to find competent software engineers - the GS8 announcement articles were shortly followed by articles showing you can beat the new facial recognition by using a flat photo. Suicide_Note To be fair, you can fool Google's facial recognition with a photo, too. OligarchyAmbulance To be fair, you can't unless you have a photo which blinks. Suicide_Note It's not at all hard to create a photo that 'blinks'. M. Luciano lol? for muggles? Ian Santopietro That actually blinks? No, that's impossible. But it's not hard to make a photo which tricks the software into thinking it blinked, which is why I assume that guy put 'blinks' in single-quotes. Suicide_Note You get it. Thank you. Carson Saldanha He's a wizard bruh Carson Saldanha Yes, that is "Smart Lock" and if I'm not mistaken, I think Google even put a warning of this. They also didn't advertise this as a "feature". Abhilash Bingi TBF Google also introduced the Face Unlock feature back in 2011 (with ICS and the Galaxy Nexus) which could be fooled by a photo. But it warned you that it's not completely safe and can be fooled by a photo when you tried to activate it. Joannaescott Google is paying $97 per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !ft187c: On monday I got a great new mclaren f1 from having earned $12778 this last four weeks.. 3 to 5 hours of work a day... Weekly paychecks... Bonus opportunities...Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ft187c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs477NetworkNote/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!ft187c:....,.... byteseyes Yeah, and to be even fairer, it's not like in the coding community that Google's even known for good code either. Google likes to whip things up quick and throw spaghetti on the wall to see what sticks. There's lots of mistakes in that process. Also, Samsung specifically stated face unlock is not intended to be a secure locking method. They specifically said it's analogous to slide to unlock, so I don't understand why people are misunderstanding this as a "security flaw" when it's not. Justin That's why Google removed Face Unlock in Lollipop. Abhilash Bingi What? No. It just got renamed to 'Trusted face' and moved to Smart Lock along with 'Trusted places' location and 'Trusted Devices'. It's still an option on my Pixel. OligarchyAmbulance Same here. If this is how they treat their own OS, I have no hope for their version of Android. You're lucky if you even get a security patch from them. byteseyes Samsung's the only company out of all manufacturers that releases monthly security patches actually. Pretty awesome. OligarchyAmbulance No, Google does too. byteseyes I mentioned out of all manufacturers. Google's not a manufacturer. That's why I was pointing out that it makes Samsung special. OligarchyAmbulance The Pixel, Pixel C, Chromebook Pixel, Home, Chromecast, Chromecast Audio, Google WiFi, and Daydream would disagree with you. byteseyes Um, I thought it was quite obvious we're talking about phones, given that we're discussing Android and monthly security patches on smartphones. What does a laptop or a router have anything to do with smartphones? Besides, the Pixel phone was not manufactured by Google. Regardless, this doesn't change my original statement that Samsung is the only manufacturer that releases monthly security patches (for their smartphones, in case I wasn't explicit enough), and nobody considers Google a manufacturer, even with Google's nascent foray into the fringe hardware products you listed. In time, Google may become a manufacturer too. Who knows. OligarchyAmbulance "Google's not a manufacturer." "Um, I thought it was quite obvious we're talking about phones" Google is a manufacturer of many devices. That was the point. "Besides, the Pixel phone was not manufactured by Google" Right, and iPhones are made by Foxconn. So technically speaking, Apple has never updated an Apple device. byteseyes Um, you do realize you're arguing about absolutely nothing right now? I never denied Google updates their phone. I already knew Google updates their phone. I was stating that Samsung, a phone manufacturer, is the only OEM that releases monthly security patches, a direct contradiction to your initial statement "You're lucky if you even get a security patch from them." OligarchyAmbulance "Samsung, a phone manufacturer, is the only OEM that releases monthly security patches" They're the only OEM if you don't include another OEM. lol byteseyes Google's an OEM? Apple's OEM? That's news to everyone. tim242 Android's face unlock was the same. Besides, Samsung tells you that it is low security. You are just a nasty google sheep. EcE While I don't disagree, it's been 5 or 6 years. If Samsung was going to implement it, at least try harder. My guess is that it was a last minute addition due to the rumored onscreen fingerprint sensor they had to ditch. Shame-sung C.E.O Says the Current-C Shill who is a sheep to Swinesung now. Carson Saldanha Have I ever agreed on anything with you? tim242 I am not sure. But you should more often : ) Carson Saldanha -___________________________________________- Shame-sung C.E.O This has nothing to do with Apple. SWINESUNG is a huge dishonest,Corrupt,Horrible company who will be always known for stealing , profit, sued, settle. Speculation on what Apple is going to do = Nothing. The sad Truth is that Pathetic TIZEN Garbage OS will always be a Rip off iOS,Android & Windows and WebOS . Swinesung does nothing Original and does it half baked like all its product. FAIL FAIL FAIL. Peter World Citizen Your Korean boyfriend left you recently? ;) Shame-sung C.E.O why are you sharing what your mother told you? Kind of random LOL!! Defenestratus Google's software development isn't by any means stellar either. John Doe It is definitly more secure than Samsung and better designed. Google has a project zero team so find security flaws and it works great...I wonder why they haven't looked at Tizen OS lmao Zsolt V It's by not stellar you mean that it's the best out of all commercial companies you are right.... QwertyJuan To be fair... if you lose your phone, there is a HIGH chance that the person finding it has NO idea who you are, doesn't possess any pictures of you, thereby making the facial recognition feature a decent level of security. No... it won't stop your younger brother or one of your friends from "hacking" your phone when you are asleep. :) P.S. Samsung ALSO has a retina scanner built into the phone which is actually MORE secure than even a fingerprint scanner and for some reason we hear NOTHING about this feature. whispy_snippet It's less secure for the very reasons you just outlined. It's easier to get a photo of someone than their fingerprint. Drakenoid Not if you're a common thief, then it's easier to get their fingerprints off the phone than their pic. whispy_snippet I'm sceptical that a common thief has the tools and/or technical know-how to obtain and then exploit someone's finger print. It's not easy. Drakenoid True, but it's then also unlikely for them to get photo of the owner. My name is…. Oh yes, the classic douche that says "that's why i stick with Pixel/Nexus devices" Because Android was never full of holes or the Pixel deserves the iphone-like price tag. Zsolt V It's better than an iPhone, so why shouldn't it be priced so? Justin You know what's worse than GoPro Sheeps? Nexus Sheeps. YaKillaCJ Hold up now, while I agree that Samsung suck in the software department, I disagree with the Chinese OEM part. Let's not forget that Xiaomi has the best update record, even surpassing Google depending how ya look at it. Also OnePlus has been really good and ZTE not bad at all. Zsolt V What does update speed have anything to do with this topic? jodieisme Security patch..? Zsolt V So Samsung doesn't deliver timely monthly patches? YaKillaCJ Updates do actually roll out to Xiaomi devices. This means that they also get security patches. Also across a wide variety of devices. mma173 Xiaomi is a way better than Google. MIUI has so many advantages over the other Android roms. But the one has to admit that they took their "inspiration" from Apple :) especially in the early days. Drakenoid True, I wish they would update the basic usability of MIUI to be more in line with Android, specially now that Android does a lot of things better. They don't have to serve Google's Android just an updated version with better design. I love their features though. Though Xiaomi doesn't provide security patches to Mi 5 as fast as they should. Zsolt V So you 3D print a face, no difference. Adam Truelove Agree, Stock Android managed by Google running on an S8 would be wonderful. Samsung makes great hardware, but absolute garbage software. JohnyNoLegs Samsung states it isn't secure man. SAM I had read about Tizen code and management and no wonder this article makes sense. Read what other programmers had to say abt tizen https://what.thedailywtf.com/topic/15687/code-review-malediction https://what.thedailywtf.com/topic/15001/enlightened Suicide_Note I view Tizen as being akin to the dark language of Mordor, and should never be spoken of. marcusmarcus2 What? Now you just made Tizen sound kinda cool. Jordan Palmer Well done. Bewear Die, T(ouchW)izen, die. YouNex That's why #NeverSamsung JohnyNoLegs Yea, go with some other small company that must have great developers and code review policies...LOL Audio This has always been my fear about tizen and why I can't buy the gear s3 watch, ESPECIALLY for using Samsung Pay. It also makes me wonder about Samsung Knox, tbh... Sruly J Isn't part of Knox incorporated into Android for Work? Audio Is it? I always assumed it was separate... Doesn't Knox pre-date Android for Work? Defenestratus Yes it is integrated into Android's Security apparatus and yes, it pre-dated Android for Work (which as far as I can tell is vaporware). saf1927 Android for Work is useful to use it as way to have multiple app profiles. There's an app on the Play Store that create a work profile you can manage yourself by adding apps, etc. LineOS for exynos! Call island Sruly J Don't remember the article, but this article says that part of Knox was incorporated into Android. http://www.zdnet.com/article/google-samsung-integrate-knox-into-android-eye-enterprise-gains/ Shame-sung C.E.O LMFAO!! For years i been saying the same-thing. TIZEN OS is just pure Trash. Swinesung has always had lower standards then free boostmobile phones and Software that should be on V-Tech phones at the least( no insult to V-tech). How ever we all know Swinesung is not Special and has never been special. It's just a Sheep Mentality. Good thing there is Nexus who gives you Amazing Hardware and Software not Bloatware and Half baked products like the ones Swinesung makes. Another Fail from Swinesung. Aaron Uh, you know Nexus isn't a thing anymore, right? Middlefinger Samsung probably spends so much time fixing Googles mess on Android for its devices that there is no time for Tizen.. tekfr33kn You mean f-ing up Android - Fix'd it for ya. Middlefinger How can they f it up when they make it actually work without causing the phone to reboot randomly. Thats an Android fault that affects a number of totally different devices, its not hardware, its Googles software, again. Googles UX is just getting old now, and while yes, Touchwiz was poor in places Grace UX is far superior to whatever the hell Google is doing. Its more logical, provides more information in a better way and is fully themeable. Adam Margeson Having owned the original Android device (HTC Dream), a Nexus 5 and a Pixel on top of several others, Google's devices tend to be the more stable ones in my experience. It's other OEMs like Sony, HTC and others that tend to have problems because of code they precariously stack on top of Android. I'm not saying that Samsung's is better or worse than others', but Stock Android has been fairly stable for me. As to "Google's UX is getting old now",.. As compared to what? Samsung's is really just a highly integrated theme on top of Google's UX. Sure, the settings are moved around, the quick settings look a little different, etc, but what about General "Android" is getting old? JohnyNoLegs My experience is the opposite. Having had RMA'd my Pixel XL twice, and had to Factory Reset a few more times, that's more than all my phone prior. Given the latest Bluetooth bugs and Google Play Music bugs, I think you are just floating on cloud 9 oblivious to reality. I have come from Samsung, LG and HTC. My Nexus 5x is a whole other story, it has been even worse haha Adam Margeson My normal vehicle doesn't have Bluetooth, but the rentals I used for several weeks during the time (2017 KIA Sonata, 2016 Ford F350 and 2016 Ford Taurus) that the bug was active didn't seem to have any issues - in fact, they were overly aggressive in trying to connect even when I didn't want it to. I also don't generally use Google Play Music. So, no, I haven't been on Cloud Nine, I just haven't had the same issues other people have. That said, I was hit by the audio-clipping-at-loud-volumes bug that was there for a couple months. That was mildly (/s) annoying. I only factory reset my Nexus 5 a handful of times over the 3.5 years that I used it, and that was more a matter of having far too many apps and background services running to the point that I just reset it rather than cleaning it up. I have read AP every day since I found the site back when the Galaxy Nexus was released, and I am well aware of the bugs other people have been having. I count myself lucky that I haven't been seen most of those bugs personally. Middlefinger None of it is 'stacked on top of stock'. Its a replacement for it, the stock code isnt there. Almost all OEM android is virtually a fork, and there is no reason why i cannot be better than Googles version. whispy_snippet This is the guy who labels people "Google shills". Middlefinger Who am I shilling for? Samsung because I have their phone, LG because I have their TV, or Microsoft because i have their Tablet? Maybe im just not happy with the state of Android at the moment.. Nah, i must be a paid Samsung troll obviously. whispy_snippet So? What's your point? I have a Surface, an LG TV and a Pixel. But everyone knows phones are the most important piece of tech a person owns which is why they generate such intense discussion. You seem like a huge Samsung "shill" and a massive hypocrite. Middlefinger Everyone knows that do they? Sure if you say so, maybe if you are 14. Funny ive been accused of being a shill for Google as well, so it seems to to depend on the bias of the accuser, namely, you. whispy_snippet You're kidding. So you disagree that the smartphone is the most important and innovative piece of consumer technology this century? Mate, what planet are you living on? Middlefinger I didnt say it wasnt (it was actually invented last century, but whatever). I said its not the most essential to everyone. whispy_snippet I didn't say it was invented this century, but whatever. The statement "everyone knows" was an unbelievably poor choice of words and I can't believe I actually wrote it. But my broader point that smartphones are the most important piece of consumer technology this century still stands. My other point, that you're a hypocrite, also still stands. Middlefinger Except that you haven't demonstrated why im a hypocrite, at all. whispy_snippet I don't have to. You're doing it all by yourself. Middlefinger Nope, dont see anything hypocritical here. Not fitting your narrative doesn't equal hypocritical you know.. whispy_snippet "Samsung probably spends so much time fixing Googles mess on Android for its devices that there is no time for Tizen.." Do you have any idea how stupid this looks? Middlefinger Well Tizen isn't even theirs, you know that right? Like Android sort of was/is its open source, developed by the Linux Foundation. Samsung is a member and is using it. Its not as commonly used and isnt as well developed as Android, but it is at least independent of Googles dictatorship. I still see no hypocrisy there, i guess you dont know what the word actually means. whispy_snippet Geez, you're like Tim. Middlefinger So you couldn't argue, so used a straw man. Got it. whispy_snippet No, I'm wasting my energy on someone too egotistic and deluded to accept rhyme or reason. You're not just a hypocrite Samsung shill, you're deliberately obtuse and tedious to interact with. You're a waste of time. Middlefinger Again, no , i just dont agree with you. There is clear anti-samsung bias on here, from both the commenters and the contributors, even if its often covered by the begrudging acceptance that they make the best products. You keep thinking im a Samsung shill if you like, and wasting your time commenting based on that erroneous position. I will just carry on telling it as I see it, when Google does bad and Samsung does bad. whispy_snippet "even if its often covered by the begrudging acceptance that they make the best products." Perfect. Middlefinger Ill bite. Who makes better? HTC, nope. Sony? Niche at best, stale design. LG, floundering, but the G6 is at least good. OnePlus, oh please. Moto/Lenovo hahahaa. Pixel? Only if you are a SJW for AOSP. Huawei/ZTE etc. Not really, the hardware is lacking, the software often poor, the quality is superficial. Fact is the Galaxy S at least is clearly the best device. Its the most sorted and reliable, has the best hardware, the best design, the best software (desite what said AOSP fanboys think). whispy_snippet Game, set and match. Middlefinger OK so you aren't going to argue, that's fine, I guess you cant. People who wont state their position are unsure of it, you dont want to state your alternative best because you know it will get shot down. I guess this IS a waste of time. Your Blocked.. whispy_snippet Bye Tim II. whispy_snippet Oh yeah. For sure man. You got it. M. Luciano This makes sense. Samsung doesn't know mobile security. They have Knox, which they purchased and then had fixed by BlackBerry. We have notifications constantly about people's dryers and refrigerators being hacked, their TV's being hacked and the only way they get out of it on Android is because someone else is handling 90%+ of the legwork, ie. Google. JohnyNoLegs Knox is better than AOSP. M. Luciano I don't believe that at all, but even if true, the point was they didn't create that. JohnyNoLegs Why would that matter who created it? keithzg Because it speaks to their ability to write good, secure software, which is what's in question here. JohnyNoLegs Well they didn't write it, so then it should be great then by your logic. You are also ASSUMING, that all dev's/dev teams/products are done by the same people, which would be a huge assumption that is probably very wrong. Samsung didn't even code Tizen anyway. keithzg Other than the Enlightenment dev(s), there really isn't anyone other than Samsung who wrote the distro currently known as Tizen; when Tizen was forked from MeeGo, Samsung devs threw out all the Qt work that had been done by Nokia and Intel, which pretty much just leaves the Linux kernel, heh. And if you look at the git commits it's pretty much just Samsung employees. M. Luciano Because if they'd have built it, they'd probably understand something about security. But they bought it and then had BlackBerry improve it. JohnyNoLegs So thats a good thing right? Middlefinger I guess you know the history of Android, right? Its not originally Googles, and much of the code in current Android is community based, so again, not Google. M. Luciano You're out of your element Donnie. Middlefinger The only thing that bothers me here is the torrent of apologists and fanboys. Its hard to battle 10+ delusional people all at once. Nothing i said wasn't true, and yet again someone is arguing without providing any actual argument. M. Luciano Yeah that was because you didn't address my point and brought up something totally different that just sounds tangentially related, yet isn't. The issue is that Samsung is woefully ignorant of security best practices and the same cannot be said of Google, who is providing Samsung with the vast majority of their Android security related code. Yes, some of it comes from AOSP, but most of it comes from Google, regardless of whether or not they invented the OS. Middlefinger Tizen isnt a samsung OS, its open source. Its behind Android yes, but its improving as you can see if you actually look. Samsungs mistake might be using it at all, but it was kind of forced to do something because for the uses Samsung has for Tizen (its watches mainly), Android is god awful. Android was a terrible mess at the start to, and while Tizen isnt new, its got nothing like the activity Android gets. ast00 At the end of the day, it's still Samsung. Not surprised. Rod Samsung and poor software? Not surprised. Marty What else is new? Samsung's not known for quality software. They've gotten better with Touch-Wiz, but that's their pinnacle. Peter World Citizen All compilers should just mark strcpy() as error. ;) bekifft Worse than this, Tizen runs on refrigerators, and all that other "smart" crap. People are connecting this junk to the internet and forgetting about it. This is the kind of stuff that causes problems like Mirai. JohnyNoLegs Linux runs on refrigerators, and all that other smart crap. Are you saying the devs that made all that smart crap did it better? Andy J So..... um...... anyone know what the SmartThings hubs run on then? Are we facing a potential situation where they could be hijacked. D13H4RD2L1V3 Here's something, though. Tizen technically isn't made by Samsung entirely. It's a project within the Linux Foundation and developed and overseen by the Tizen Association. As you'd expect, Samsung is a member, but so are other companies such as Huawei and Intel. Despite that, only Samsung has actually implemented the OS in their products. Given the shocking number of security holes, I can only assume that it was far from ready. Even though Samsung's Android skin is better than previous iterations, I don't particularly hold it in super-high regard because software has never been Samsung's forte. And I think they should make it so soon as their hardware gets better and better. Đức Thành I am not the least bit surprised, but that part about the legacy of Bada OS living on was particularly hilarious. mma173 Software industry especially OSs is a very specialized resource-intensive field. I wish Samsung should give up working on OSs to free up resources. ROB Can he also work on getting Nougat to the unlocked S7s ? Middlefinger But Tizen isnt Samsungs, its developed by the Linux Foundation and is open source. Samsung might use it, and help develop it, but its not their creation. At this point its just in a position that Android was maybe 8 years ago. Samsung is using it because its free of Googles controlling. JG This led him to conclude that they made the wrong assumptions on what needed to be encrypted and purposefully left out SSL in those places Why not error on the side of caution, encrypt everything! John Samuel αΩ This will come as no surprise to anyone who has ever experienced Samsung's software. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 119 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 22 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 140 queries | 0.483s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter tech US world science US politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Uber Uber calls claims it stole self-driving technology 'demonstrably false' Ride-hailing company defends itself in federal court filing amid allegations it lifted LiDAR technology from Waymo, a company spun out of Google Travis Kalanick, CEO of Uber. The company is defending itself against allegations it stole technology from Waymo. Photograph: Wang Zhao/AFP/Getty Images Uber Uber calls claims it stole self-driving technology 'demonstrably false' Ride-hailing company defends itself in federal court filing amid allegations it lifted LiDAR technology from Waymo, a company spun out of Google Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Julia Carrie Wong @juliacarriew email Friday 7 April 2017 17.07 EDT Last modified on Friday 7 April 2017 19.50 EDT Uber has begun to mount its defense against allegations that the ride-hailing company is using technology stolen from Waymo, the self-driving car company spun out of Google. Uber claimed in a federal court filing Friday that it began developing its own self-driving technology in 2015, before it acquired Otto, a self-driving trucking startup founded by several former Google employees. My week as an Uber courier: my bike got stolen, but I kept my five-star rating Read more The filing, which opposes a Waymo motion for a preliminary injunction against Uber, contains Uber’s most detailed defense to date since Waymo accused it of the “calculated theft” of its LiDAR technology in February. “Both of [Waymo’s] central premises – that former Waymo employees brought thousands of confidential Waymo documents to Uber to build a copycat LiDAR and that Uber’s LiDAR closely mimics Waymo’s single-lens design – are demonstrably false,” the filing states. “A cursory inspection of Uber’s LiDAR and Waymo’s allegations fall like a house of cards.” Waymo’s lawsuit centers around LiDAR – the system of lasers that autonomous vehicles use to “see” the world – and the actions of Anthony Levandowski, a longtime Google engineer and pioneer in the field of self-driving cars. Levandowski left Google in 2016 to found Otto, which was quickly acquired by Uber. Levandowski was then named the head of Uber’s self-driving car program. Waymo alleged that Levandowski downloaded about 14,000 documents from Waymo’s secure server before he left the company, and that he was already in secret talks with Uber prior to his departure and founding of Otto. Waymo said that its suspicion that Levandowski and other former employees had taken secrets about its LiDAR system were confirmed in December when a third-party vendor mistakenly emailed Waymo designs for a LiDAR circuit board being used by Uber. Waymo sought an injunction requiring the return of its documents and a halt to Uber’s use of the allegedly stolen technology – a move that could fatally handicap Uber in the heated race to commercialize self-driving vehicles. Uber’s CEO, Travis Kalanick, has frequently called self-driving technology “existential” to his $70bn business. In its filing Friday, Uber said that granting the injunction would, among other things, “impede Uber’s efforts to remain a viable business”. Uber has not provided a rebuttal to the allegations that Levandowski downloaded 14,000 files. The company has been hampered there by Levandowski’s assertion of the fifth amendment. At a hearing in March, Levandowski’s lawyers explained that he was invoking his right against self-incrimination because of the “potential for criminal action”. Levandowski’s invocation of that right has led to complicated and, at times, heated arguments in court, with his attorneys arguing that even providing a list of privileged documents to Waymo could violate his rights. During a hearing on Thursday, Uber’s attorney Arturo Gonzalez said that the engineer was “not someone who has to steal anything”, adding, “He knows his stuff.” “Then why did he take the 14,000 documents?” Judge William Alsup retorted. Uber's Seattle woes: union battle could see company leave another major city Read more In its filing, Uber claimed that it had “never had possession of or used any of Waymo’s trade secrets or the 14,000 documents”. The company described the development of its own LiDAR system, which it said was substantially different from that of Waymo. Uber’s LiDAR, the company said, used four lenses, while Waymo’s used one, a fundamental difference that Uber suggests proves that the device is not based on misappropriated secrets. “Uber’s assertion that they’ve never touched the 14,000 stolen files is disingenuous at best, given their refusal to look in the most obvious place: the computers and devices owned by the head of their self-driving program,” a Waymo spokesperson said in a statement. “We’re asking the court to step in based on clear evidence that Uber is using, or plans to use, our trade secrets to develop their LiDAR technology, as seen in both circuit board blueprints and filings in the State of Nevada.” Alsup will rule on the motion after a hearing scheduled for 3 May. Topics Uber Google news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Uber back to top tech US world science US politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYLast Days For Early Bird Savings On Disrupt NY Tickets Save $1000 On Tickets Now! Personnel Instacart VP of operations Mike Swartz has left the company Kevin Rose is going back to Cali — and joining True Ventures as a venture partner Embattled Oculus co-founder Palmer Luckey leaves Facebook Browse more... Google Google DeepMind open sources Sonnet so you can build neural networks in TensorFlow even quicker Google denies labor department’s claim that gender-based pay inequities are ‘systemic’ at the company Google’s fact check feature goes global and comes to Google Search Browse more... Google Daydream The reality of VR/AR trial Netflix lands on Google’s Daydream VR Google’s Daydream VR just got some new games: Here’s how they rank Browse more... daydream vr The NFL is launching a virtual reality series on YouTube & Daydream Browse more... Google adds SoundStage developer Logan Olson to its VR team Posted 9 hours ago by Brian Heater (@bheater) 0 SHARES Next Story A mega-telescope is trying to take the first image ever of a black hole, hell yeah Slowly but surely, Google is transforming itself into a formidable VR player. This week, the Daydream maker hired Logan Olson, best known as the developer of SoundStage, a well-received HTC Vive title built around a VR music studio sandbox. First spotted by The Verge, Google confirmed the hire with TechCrunch, stating, “We’re excited to welcome Logan to the Google VR team. As a leader in thinking about creating in VR with his app Soundstage, we’re really inspired by what he’s built and for the potential for VR and creativity.” We're joining @googlevr! https://t.co/q14zRCENE2 — SoundStage (@soundstagevr) April 7, 2017 Olson will join the ranks of Clay Bavor, who has been fiddling with VR under the Google umbrella since 2013, officially becoming the head of that department in early 2016, as the company looked to shift the department in a more serious direction following the release of Cardboard. Since then, Google’s VR focus has largely centered around Daydream, an offering more in line with the likes of Samsung’s Gear VR, albeit under a more manufacturer- and device-inclusive model. Though of late, the company doesn’t appear to be too outwardly active on that front. Olson’s team released the 1.0 version of SoundStage on Steam just last month. The title has been well-received for its innovative application of VR in the music making process. With Olson on-board, Google will be ending active development on the title, but will keep it around in maintenance mode. Instead, the company plans to use what the developer has built to help bolster existing titles and begin developing some new ones. Google doesn’t have any specifics to offer up on that front at present, but given the fact that the company picked up the team behind Tilt Brush in 2015, the pieces seem to be falling in place for a VR play that’s focused heavily on creativity and content creation, as opposed to simply gaming. It’s worth noting, too, that Google’s chief game designer left the company this week, citing plans to explore the, “confluence of games, neuroscience and VR.” 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Collaboration, Email, Video Streaming, Enterprise Software, Information Technology Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Google Daydream Description Google Daydream is a simple VR headset that includes a single Daydream controller and connects wirelessly to the phone. Website https://vr.google.com/daydream/ Full profile for Google Daydream Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report YouTube now blocking ads on low-view channels | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Google Daydream Google daydream vr Personnel Popular Posts Featured Stories YouTube now blocking ads on low-view channels | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:41 | Crunch Report Okta pops as Wall Street continues to take a shine to the enterprise 9 hours ago | Alex Wilhelm, Ron Miller Adidas’ latest 3D-printed shoe puts mass production within sight 11 hours ago | Fitz Tepper Uber denies Waymo theft claims on grounds it never used custom LiDAR 14 hours ago | Kate Conger Will Spotify go public without an IPO? 23 hours ago | Katie Roof Latest From TechCrunch Crunch Report | YouTube now blocking ads on low-view channels 4 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Stripe’s Patrick Collison says no to an IPO any time soon 7 hours ago | Connie Loizos An afternoon with Avegant’s prototype light field display headset 8 hours ago | Lucas Matney Google DeepMind open sources Sonnet so you can build neural networks in TensorFlow even quicker 8 hours ago | John Mannes Comment moderation powered by Up Next A mega-telescope is trying to take the first image ever of a black hole, hell yeah Posted 10 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Technical Instructor, JavaScript, React.Js at CodePath (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Data Engineer @ The Meet Group at The Meet Group (San Francisco, CA, United States) Site Reliability Engineer @ Sift Science at Sift Science (San Francisco, CA, United States) CEO. Consumer facing digital marketing. at Loeb Enterprises (Manhattan, New York, NY, United States) Marketing Communications Manager at BearX (College Station, TX, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | YouTube now blocking ads on low-view channels 4 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Stripe’s Patrick Collison says no to an IPO any time soon 7 hours ago by Connie Loizos An afternoon with Avegant’s prototype light field display headset 8 hours ago by Lucas Matney Google DeepMind open sources Sonnet so you can build neural networks in TensorFlow even quicker 8 hours ago by John Mannes A new guitar is 30% lighter thanks to multiple weird tricks 9 hours ago by John Biggs Okta pops as Wall Street continues to take a shine to the enterprise 9 hours ago by Alex Wilhelm, Ron Miller Spotting sockpuppets with science 9 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Okta finishes up 38% in stock market debut 9 hours ago by Katie Roof Peter Fenton is leaving Twitter’s board of directors 9 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Google adds SoundStage developer Logan Olson to its VR team 9 hours ago by Brian Heater
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives No downside to tapping rainy day fund On immigration, compassion must be our guide A high speed train in Texas? Not so fast Abbott still wrong on local control Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Texas bases in the mix as war ramps up in Syria Gunman in Lackland murder-suicide had 66 rounds of ammunition Clinton calls on her former rival to develop strategy on Syria NFL player earning MIT doctorate advises math teachers in San US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Swedish authorities say truck attack suspect held Trudeau to mark 100 years of Vimy battle that defined Canada Trump objections don't stop overhaul of Baltimore police Impeachment report gives look into Alabama governor scandal Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases USAA Bank taps Fifth Third Bancorp exec for president As millennials ‘Venmo’ each other money, banks fight back Does Uber really prevent drunken driving? It depends on the study San Antonio, McAllen banks may merge … eventually Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Clark, Johnson undone by foes’ scoring binges Tennis: Friday’s high school results Soccer: Friday’s high school results Softball: Friday’s high school results Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Pearl-area burger joint faces closure after losing lease Saigon Express is no more Review: Monte Vista’s Periphery swings with Southern flavors Pesto change-o: 9 ways to boost this herby condiment Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties San Antonio TV station unveils big surprise This week's movies: A well-aged crime San Antonio Book Festival is serious literary fun Ariana Grande is a ‘Dangerous Woman’ now Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living This Instagram fashionista has built a wardrobe out of Mazapan-, Easy DIY Fiesta taco dog costume always in good taste No-sew ladybug dog costume for Fiesta Easy DIY for a Fiesta-fabulous dog T-shirt Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Your Turn: April 9 The crisis of Trumpism — it isn’t being tried Green spaces good for critters — and people Defunding Planned Parenthood a disaster in Texas Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Hyundai rolls out 58-mpg Ioniq Hybrid for 2017, with a starting Chrysler’s new Pacifica minivan is here for 2017, with prices Redesigned 2018 Chevy Equinox crossover now arriving at dealers, Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features After weak jobs report and Syria strikes, stocks stand still Hiring slows, but US unemployment falls to 10-year low 5 things to watch for in Friday's US jobs report for March Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/business/technology/article/As-millennials-Venmo-each-other-money-11058585.php As millennials ‘Venmo’ each other money, banks fight back with their own mobile apps By James Rufus Koren, Los Angeles Times Published 3:26 pm, Friday, April 7, 2017 Photo: Elise Amendola /Associated Press Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Alex Culbertson, 26, shows transactions via the Venmo app on his smartphone. On a recent trip to Maine with six friends, Culbertson had to split up a weekend tab of gas, hotel rooms, food and drink. One person paid for everything and they split the final result, via Venmo, the PayPal-owned app that lets users pay with a tap and a text-like message. less Alex Culbertson, 26, shows transactions via the Venmo app on his smartphone. On a recent trip to Maine with six friends, Culbertson had to split up a weekend tab of gas, hotel rooms, food and drink. One person ... more Photo: Elise Amendola /Associated Press As millennials ‘Venmo’ each other money, banks fight back with their own mobile apps 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Odds are, you’ve at least heard of Venmo, but there’s also a good chance you haven’t used the mobile app or anything else like it to send money to family or friends. But that’s likely to change over the next few years, as banks, payment companies and even the likes of Google and Facebook push so-called peer-to-peer, or p2p, payment systems — a medium of exchange with revolutionary potential. The apps and online tools could someday overtake cash and checks as the primary way individuals pay each other, and they even could make inroads at the cash register and with businesses that send refunds and other payments to their customers. These systems will get a boost later this year when a coalition of the nation’s biggest banks roll out Zelle, a mobile and online money-transfer network that will let any customer of nearly every U.S. bank send money to customers of any other bank using only a phone number or email address. Analysts say the bank-led system — and the related marketing push — should bring online and mobile peer-to-peer payments to a larger audience. Even competitors, notably the popular money transfer app Venmo, say the Zelle rollout could boost their fortunes by making digital-money transfers more mainstream. “We don’t see it as a winner-take-all scenario,” said Josh Criscoe, a spokesman for Venmo owner PayPal. “We welcome any effort to move folks to more digital payments and move toward the smartphone as the central point of financial life. The common enemy is cash.” Online and mobile peer-to-peer payment systems have grown rapidly over the last few years, and analysts expect that to continue. In a report published in March, finance industry research firm Aite Group estimated that Americans made about $147 billion in digital p2p transfers last year, up from $100 billion the year before. Those are big numbers, to be sure, but last year’s sum still only accounted for about 12 percent of the more than $1.2 trillion that Americans paid each other that year, mostly in cash. That means there’s still plenty of growth ahead, said Talie Baker, an analyst at Aite Group. In her report, she estimated that the volume of digital p2p payments will more than double by 2020, topping $316 billion. “Not that many consumers are using mobile payments yet,” Baker said, noting that though these payments are more common among young consumers in big coastal cities, they’re not so ubiquitous elsewhere. “I’m a Gen-X person and I live in Denver — I hadn’t heard of Venmo until 2015.” There are plenty of players in the p2p game. Square Inc., the payments company behind the tiny white credit card reader that plugs into a smartphone, has a p2p service of its own, Square Cash, which launched in 2013. Following the geometric theme, there’s also Circle, a Boston firm that started the same year and specializes in cross-border p2p transfers in dollars, euros and British pounds. Facebook and Google, too, allow users to send money to friends. Google has Google Wallet, which started as a mobile wallet app but became a p2p payment tool in 2015, and Facebook users have been able to send money through Facebook Messenger since 2015. Square, Google and Facebook don’t report the volume of payments made through their p2p systems, but Facebook in regulatory filings has said that only “a relatively small percentage” of its users have used the payments feature. Venmo is arguably the biggest name in peer-to-peer transfers. It even has the coveted status, like Google, Uber and a few others, of becoming a verb — as in “Venmo me.” Founded in 2009, the company was acquired in 2012 by payment services provider Braintree, which was acquired the following year by online payments giant PayPal — which offers p2p payments under its own name too. But the biggest players in the market are still the banks. Last year, Venmo users transferred $17.6 billion. That’s more than double the volume from 2015, but it’s also much less than the $28 billion transferred in 2016 through QuickPay, JPMorgan Chase’s peer-to-peer payment system. And that’s just one bank. Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo and other major financial institutions have had their own p2p transfer programs for years, though it can sometimes be clunky for bank customers to send money to people with accounts at other financial institutions. Aite Group estimates that of all the digital p2p transfers Americans made last year, non-bank systems such as Venmo accounted for only about 17 percent of that. Banks accounted for the rest, though much of that likely was made through banks’ websites, not mobile apps, and much of it was money transferred between customers of the same bank. In part, that’s a statement about who uses different systems, and what they are used for. Venmo and other non-bank systems are accessed about twice as often as bank systems, but for much smaller transactions, according to Aite Group. The average money transfer on a non-bank system is $135; the average for bank systems is $1,359, according to the report. That might suggest that parents sending money to a student for college tuition, for instance, might be more likely to transfer money through a bank, while students are much more likely to split a restaurant bill or bar tab using Venmo. The payment app is also a social network in its own right, with users sending messages to friends when they transfer money — a feature Venmo pioneered. Those messages shed light on what’s behind each transaction and indicate that Venmo is most often used among friends over food and drink, said Criscoe, the Venmo spokesman. “Pizza is the No. 1 emoji on Venmo; beer is a close follow,” he said, adding that other messages suggest users are splitting bigger-ticket items too, such as rent. Though Venmo and other non-bank payment systems are still a small part of the p2p market, banks want to make sure they keep their place in the financial order and keep their customers. This summer, Early Warning, a company owned by some of the nation’s largest banks, will release Zelle, a payment system built to compete with Venmo and others — and, banks hope, to make digital p2p payments more mainstream. Along with the release, Early Warning will kick off a marketing campaign showing not only how Zelle works but how it might be used. Lou Anne Alexander, president of Early Warning’s payments group, said the focus will be on appealing to older consumers who might not have tried p2p payments. “We’re trying to take (p2p) from millennials to the mainstream—customers might use a product like this,” Alexander said. “That might be managing contributions to the high school marching band or it might be renting a home on the beach with friends or family.” Zelle traces it roots back to 2011, when Bank of America, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase set out to build a system — initially called ClearXchange — that would allow their customers to send money to each other using only phone numbers and email addresses. Before, customers could only transfer money to friends and family by entering account and routing numbers — information customers often didn’t know and might be concerned about sharing. Zelle is essentially a souped-up, rebranded version of ClearXchange. It will be available to anyone with a U.S. bank account, and it aims to overcome some of the limitations and confusion around the ClearXchange system. Sarah Grotta of research and consulting firm Mercator Advisory Group said banks didn’t do a great job of explaining that ClearXchange would allow customers to send money to customers of other banks. Part of the problem, she said, was that every bank has its own name for its ClearXchange-powered p2p system, including Chase QuickPay, Wells Fargo SurePay and Capital One P2P Payments. “It wasn’t well-marketed that someone at Chase could pay someone at Bank of America because they had different marketing and different branding,” Grotta said. “You could pay someone at any financial institution, but people never realized that.” To address that problem, banks over the next few months will begin rebranding their p2p transfer systems to include Zelle in the name. Chase, for instance, will start calling its system “QuickPay with Zelle.” Customers of more than a dozen big banks — representing most U.S. account holders — will be able to transfer money through the banks’ mobile apps. For other banks and credit unions, customers will be able to do so through the Zelle mobile app, set to be released this summer. Once the system is running and the marketing campaign kicks off, Grotta expects Zelle to be a hit. “This is going to be a much better user experience than the banks had before,” she said. “I think it will start to catch on once people see that they can in fact send money to another person at another financial institution.” For banks, the stakes are high. Though Venmo and other money transfer apps are tiny by comparison, Baker said banks are rightfully worried about what might happen if their customers interact more often with outside payment companies. If a customer opens an outside p2p payment app once a day and their mobile banking app just once a week, the payment company has more opportunities to sell that customer on products and services the bank would otherwise provide, she said. “Once Venmo builds up a strong enough customer base, then it can say, ‘Hey, come get a credit card from us,’ or ‘Come get a home loan from us,’” Baker said. “That’s the approach some providers are hoping to take.” Banks see other advantages too. Mary Harman, an executive in Bank of America’s consumer payments division, said it’s expensive for banks to process checks and move cash around, so an increase in digital p2p payments could cut costs. She said banks also want to give customers the services and options they want. Some customers, she said, might prefer using Venmo; others might prefer the implied security of managing financial transactions exclusively through their bank. “We serve 65-million households in the U.S., and not everyone will act the same way,” Harman said. We have to recognize that and have different products available in different places.” Weekend Guide 17 things to see and do this weekend in S.A. Poteet Strawberry Festival celebrates 70 years TxDOT shutting down I-35 for 4 days The Latest Pearl-area burger joint faces end of the line Leakey residents defend 20-year-old driver in fatal crash NFL quarterback arrested in San Antonio San Antonio TV station unveils big surprise WWI exhibit spotlights Texas Bryn Forbes' career night helps shorthanded Spurs rally past... Aggie blames jock itch for indecent exposure charge Four dead in Houston and Fresno in shootings police say are... UFC's Pearl Gonzalez cleared to fight despite breast implants Commemorative Express-News front page medal on sale while... Feds say H-1B applications have reached annual limit eBay bidding war ensues over Texas' 2nd-oldest dance hall Famous Texas dance halls 21 things Texans do that might be weird anywhere else Rodents, dirty hands in S.A.'s dirtiest restaurants S.A.'s trendiest bars - where you want to be seen this weekend North Side BBQ joint goes up in flames Scenes from Maverick Music Fest Things to see and do this weekend in San Antonio Big shows headed for the San Antonio area Most expensive homes along Texas/Mexico border Latest listings on S.A.'s luxury home market Where millennials can actually afford their first home Recent Breaking News Police searching for gunman who shot neighbor's relative after... SAPD: Suspect at large after shooting man in chest during East... 20-year-old accused of robbing his former employer, Little... Most Popular 1 Mom: Son, 11, killed himself after girlfriend faked suicide 2 DEA raid nets $75K in cash, high-grade marijuana, 8 firearms... 3 North Side BBQ joint goes up in flames, arson investigators on... 4 Sex with 12-year-old student gets teacher 10 years in prison 5 Motorcyclist dies after hitting tree on South Side, police say 6 Texas masturbation bill is now in the hands of the Texas State... 7 TxDOT shuts down I-35 for 4 days beginning Friday: 'It will... Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    San Antonio Business news & alerts    Real Estate news & listings    Career news & job listings    Auto news & listings    Breaking news EMAIL: Click here to sign up for News, Sports and more Email Alerts. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices 3 stealth ways to search the Web USA TODAY Kim Komando 13 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 15 most overpaid CEOs in America 50 products that are still made in America © luckyraccoon, Getty Images/iStockphoto Kim Komando has tips on searching the Web without tracking. Google has become synonymous with “finding information.” But even the mighty Google has its drawbacks, especially if you value your privacy. The world’s most famous search site is also known for saving your search history, scanning your email in Gmail, and tracking what you click online. Tip in a Tip: Did you know that Google also tracks your physical location and dates you were there? Click here to see a map showing your detailed location history.  Before you break out the torches and pitchforks, remember that Google is trying to make its services as useful as possible. The company’s goal is to find out what you want before you want it. You can also use Google's privacy options to limit the search and usage history it stores and tracks, from what you've watched on YouTube to Chrome searches. Popular Searches Barclays PLC BCS ▼ 10.68 -0.08 -0.74% CBS Corp CBS.A ▼ 69.56 -0.75 -1.07% Weight Watchers International Inc WTW ▲ 16.04 +0.15 +0.94% MSC Co Ltd 009780 ▲ 14,200.00 +550.00 +4.03% What are your alternatives to Google these days? Which search engines don’t step on your virtual heels? Here are three ways to search the Internet that you may find refreshing.  DuckDuckGo This search engine is unusual in many ways. First, it wasn’t developed in California, but in suburban Pennsylvania. Second, DuckDuckGo has a mission to keep users’ information private and to prevent personalized search results. So what’s wrong with personalized search results? Don’t you want your phone or computer to cater to your interests? The creators of DuckDuckGo assert that this kind of technology creates a “filter bubble.” Google specializes in sending you only the content that the company thinks you want, not everything available. There’s more to DuckDuckGo than just not being Google. The search engine includes nifty calculators and other tricks you’ve come to expect, and you can customize its interface, with search shortcuts and an Instant Answers feature. You might be surprised by the quality of Instant Answers, which easily rivals Google’s Knowledge Graph. You can also make DuckDuckGo an extension of your browser and activate more privacy settings to keep your search history as protected as possible. Click here to check out DuckDuckGo. Ixquick Ixquick calls itself the world’s most private search site. That may sound a little grand, but they’ve earned their stripes. Ixquick doesn’t record your IP address, browser information or search history. The real magic of Ixquick is its “search by proxy” feature. This means that websites have no idea what IP address you’re using. As a customer browsing their pages, you are basically invisible. This feature does have the potential to slow down your searches, but that will be a small price to pay for people who give their privacy top priority. Here’s an example: Suppose you use Ixquick to search for a term like “Komando.” Your search results will look similar to Google’s, with a list of websites it has found that match your search. But each result has three options: Just click the regular link, and you’ll visit the page as you normally would, meaning the website can see you. Or you can choose “Highlight” to see the site’s most basic information. This way, you’re not visiting the site, just seeing what it’s about. Finally, you can pick “Proxy,” which means you will remain anonymous. Those sites will only see Ixquick’s IP address, not yours. Click here to learn more about Ixquick. Tor If you’re looking for something a little more sophisticated, you might consider Tor. This name started as an acronym for “The Onion Router,” and it’s very popular among computer-savvy circles. The Tor Project describes itself as an “anonymity network,” which means that privacy is its primary goal. The company’s logo has an onion, which is more than just a cute cartoon. Tor uses sophisticated encryption software that behaves like the layers of an onion, making it virtually impossible for someone to track your movements online. Tor bounces your communications through a global network, a real headache for anyone trying to find your physical location. You may have heard of Tor because this same technology is used to access the Dark Web. Click here to learn more about the Dark Web. That may sound creepy, and it’s true that Tor has been used for illegal activity online, but the software itself is perfectly legal and shouldn’t pose any problems. Remember, it’s not the tool that causes problems, but how you use it. Before you rush to the Tor website and download the free software, keep in mind that Tor may slow down your searches, and it may also change your web browser’s settings. Click here to install and use the Tor Browser. How else can you maintain your privacy in this era of rampant data breaches? Be sure to listen or download my podcasts, or click here to find it on your local radio station. You can listen to the Kim Komando Show on your phone, tablet or computer. From buying advice to digital life issues, click here for my free podcasts. Learn about all the latest technology on the Kim Komando Show, the nation’s largest weekend radio talk show. Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today’s digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at Komando.com. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY This sunny Florida town has a shady reputation for fueling America’s illegal drug trade USA TODAY Trump hits high mark, but challenges remain USA TODAY Meet Nevada teen who needs 18M retweets for a year of Wendy's chicken nuggets USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Featured Playlists Causes Contest HOME Video Music ART FASHION TECH TRAVEL RIDES Food & Drinks Design Sports NEWS MenuHOME Video Music ART FASHION TECH TRAVEL RIDES Food & Drinks Design Sports NEWS Home / Technology/Real News Alert! Google Introduces ‘Fact Check’ To Combat Fake News Real News Alert! Google Introduces ‘Fact Check’ To Combat Fake News By Tamika Frye on 7 April,2017 Tweet Pin It Fake news is nothing new. Given the increase in the use of the Internet, fake news has the ability to travel faster and to a wider audience. Millions of people are affected by fake news every day and Google is doing everything they can to help stop it. They recently introduced a feature called ‘Fact Check’ to help combat the circulation of fake news. This new feature will tag stories that may have been created with incorrect information. This new Google tool will automatically put a label on articles and posts with fictitious stories using garbage facts. It’s no secret that it’s hard to avoid fake new stories, especially on Facebook and Twitter. There was a huge increase in fake news during the election which could have greatly affected the outcome. Our President reminds us on a daily, via Social Media, the dangers of believing fake news. The fact check program will not completely make fake news stories disappear but hopefully curve the spread of some of these ridiculous stories. Real News Alert! Google Introduces ‘Fact Check’ To Combat Fake News was last modified: April 7th, 2017 by Tamika Frye Related Itemsfact checkfake newsfeatureGooglesocial mediatool ← Previous Story Gaming’s Future! Microsoft’s Project Scorpio Xbox Featured Video Most Recent We Laughed It Up For Spring 17 at Original Penguin | Event Recap April 7, 2017 Earlier this week, Original Penguin turned its Noho flagship store into a really cool stand-up comedy club. The brand is no stranger to comedy as they’ve worked with many... April 7, 2017 Real News Alert! Google Introduces ‘Fact Check’ To Combat Fake News April 7, 2017 Paintings that Pop | Guim Tió Zarraluki Adds A Little Color To Monochromatic Portraits Fashion + Style Next Level Design | adidas Introduces Futurecraft 4D April 7, 2017 While people were drooling over the flurry of Yeezy and NMD releases these past few years, adidas was in the lab cooking up something better. They decided to take... April 7, 2017 Classics Go Modern! The ‘Flyknit’ Converse Chuck Taylor All Star April 7, 2017 Keep A Fresh Pair | The Top Sneaker Releases Of The Weekend Featured Video © 2009-2017 stupidDOPE.com | All Rights Reserved. About Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Cool.Media Interactive One Millennial
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives Download our app Contact us Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives Download our app Contact us News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Shannon Proudfoot Evan Solomon All Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   0 Why Google mapped Vimy Ridge Google has made it possible to explore Vimy Ridge via its Street View tool. Here’s why they did it. Colin Horgan April 7, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Image via Google Canada Over two trips—one in late fall 2016 and then again this February—Google mapped Vimy Ridge. Using what they call a “trekker,” a backpack-style device equipped with 15 cameras, an accelerometer, and a gyroscope that takes 360-degree photos, they walked through the trenches, tunnels, and monument that so many Canadians have read about in their history books for decades. Aaron Brindle, head of public affairs at Google Canada, did some of that walking. I chatted with him Friday about the project. Q: So let’s talk about mapping Vimy Ridge. This is cool. A: Yeah, I mean it’s interesting for me personally. I’ve been at Google for six years, and when I first came here… one of my passion projects was building the maps of Canada’s North. I became completely obsessed with it, and it’s still kind of ongoing. And I’m also a student of Canadian military history, so I’d always wanted to go to Vimy, because I’ve always thought of it as kind of like a small part of Canada in Northern France—I mean, literally it’s been granted to Canada in perpetuity by the government. Q: It’s very interesting, even as someone who’s been there and seen it up close. So, you, personally wanted to do this. Google, as an organization, why did they see value in this project? A: I think there are a couple things there. Just broadly speaking, this falls under Google Maps to a certain degree. Google Maps has a very broad mandate, and that is to build the world’s most accurate and comprehensive map. And I think an extension of that is reflecting back—here in Canada—to Canadians their world. It’s been interesting as we’ve kind of built out this collection—Canada’s North, and now Vimy—it’s quite moving to see yourself in this kind of imagery. One of the most powerful things about having imagery associated with modern-day cartography is that it’s not always about exploring what’s over the horizon, which is what traditional mapping always was about. I think this kind of mapping really does offer another lens through which to kind of see your own kind of community, your own country, to a certain degree your own story, reflected back. We’re so familiar with these stories, like we’re familiar with Canada’s North, but it is another way to kind of experience our own culture, our own identity. Q: Was there anything about it that you didn’t expect to come across, or feel? When you read about World War One, it was such an intimate war in some ways. In some cases, you’d have huge battles fought for a matter of metres. What was interesting about this collect was that we could put on this trekker and walk from what were the Canadian lines, go up out of these preserved trenches, walk across No Man’s Land, probably about 20 metres, maybe less, and then turn left and walk through the German trenchworks. You can virtually do that now, in Google Maps, and having that kind of scale reflected I think is really important in understanding what this was. We walked up out of that trench—it was misty, cold—and so it was very atmospheric, but what was cool was when you walked through No Man’s Land, on either side of you, you have this landscape that is just, still, totally devastated. You might remember from when you were there: how dramatic these kind of divots are from the shelling, and it’s made this permanent impression on these battle fields, and you really get that perspective, I found, as you’re walking through. It’s 100 years later and you can still see that devastation. You can only imagine what it would have taken to alter the landscape in that way. Q: What about unexploded weapons or ordnance? A: We worked very closely with Veterans Affairs—they worked really, really hard with us. They were very clear about where was appropriate for us to collect imagery. Because it was in partnership with land that they’re managing, we went where they basically told us to go. Whenever we’re off public roads, and we do these kind of partnerships, we almost always defer to the partner, in terms of how they would like to see this land reflected back to Canada. Q: So does that mean there are parts of it that haven’t been mapped? A: We certainly didn’t go off—we didn’t go off the trails. For good reason. I mean, you can see, still, they have those warnings about unexploded ordnance. We had to kind of stick to what’s been deemed safe, for sure. Q: Are there plans for you guys to do this in other places? Dieppe comes to mind. A: As a student of Canadian history, particularly military history, I would like to. If you thinking about parts of the world that are important to Canada, so much of it is obviously within our own borders, but there are those pieces of geography—distinct pieces that represent so much. Vimy is certainly one. The reality is that there are all kinds of places in Northern Europe where it might be relevant to explore this. Just for World War One, we’ve also captured Street View imagery from Beaumont-Hamel, which is particularly relevant for Newfoundland. We’ve captured imagery from Hill 145—there are a few places where we’ve started to do some of that. We approached this as an opportunity to reflect back to Canadians a small part of our geography. It’s the opportunity to visit what was—at least in the textbook I would read in university—this was just a dot on a map that was two-dimensional, just squiggly lines. And so this is a chance to actually explore, understand, and to a certain degree, experience, a small geographical data point. I think these kinds of products are what we’re going to continue to do in Canada; this one felt particularly special to me. This interview was edited and condensed for clarity. Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: Editor's Picks Vimy Vimy Ridge Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous China is no friend to Canada Next Bombs don’t make you president Leave a comment Hide comments Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories Vimy Ridge Myth #4: Canada became a nation at Vimy Vimy Ridge Myth #3: Canadians scaled a cliff at Vimy Return to Vimy Ridge Vimy Ridge Myth #2: Vimy won the war From 1924: With a vagabond around Vimy Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   Fifty-two months of torture and the four men responsible 35 comments China is no friend to Canada 18 comments Canada’s housing bubble looks disturbingly familiar How Canada completely lost its mind over real estate 1 comment Hillary finally talks: ‘As an American, I’m pretty worried’ 8 comments Canada’s most dangerous cities 2016: How safe is your city? 3 comments A day of insanity that typifies Toronto’s housing market Donald Trump’s war and the ‘Madman theory’ 2 comments New OSAP rules mean ‘free’ tuition for mature students 2 comments Syria is gassing children to death. What should Canada do? 16 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
TV Opinion Weird Trump Sports Entertainment Food Newsletter Search Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook Menu 'Act of Terror': Truck Mows Down Pedestrians in Stockholm, At Least Three Dead Corporate Media War Machine Clicking on All Cylinders Chris Hayes: ‘How Do You Explain’ the Shift on Syria from Republicans Like Chaffetz? The Case For Bill O'Reilly Trump’s Syria Strike May Get The U.S. in Some Legal Hot Water Fact-Checking Will Now Occur Right Within Your Google Results by Lindsey Ellefson | 4:34 pm, April 7th, 2017   Some exciting news from Google. Fact-checking will be part of your search results. https://t.co/u4E4xbGvF9 pic.twitter.com/3iMObtmx44 — PolitiFact (@PolitiFact) April 7, 2017 The fight against fake news continues. So many outlets and organizations have taken steps to reduce the amount of false information consumed by the average Internet user on social media, but Google is doing one better. They’re not waiting for the info to hit Facebook before they pounce. Google announced in a blog post today that fact-checking will start to appear in search results: For the first time, when you conduct a search on Google that returns an authoritative result containing fact checks for one or more public claims, you will see that information clearly on the search results page. The snippet will display information on the claim, who made the claim, and the fact check of that particular claim. Notes like “true” or “mostly true” will appear next to stories that have been checked, though Google is leaving the checking itself to third parties like PolitiFact. Among the over 100 organizations Google has been working with on fact-checking, you’ll find The Associated Press, the BBC, and NPR. Not all stories will be checked, of course, and some may be given ranking by different organizations. Google will make note of that in those instances. [image via screengrab] —— Lindsey: Twitter. Facebook. Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com Follow Mediaite Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook filed under fake news, Google Around the Web Sign up for the Mediaite newsletter What's Popular Hannity: Maybe It’s Time for Adam Schiff to Recuse Himself ‘That Is a Talking Point’: Don Lemon, Newsmax CEO Chris Ruddy Spar Over Trump’s Susan Rice Remarks House Intelligence Chair Devin Nunes to Step Down From Investigation Will Bill O’Reilly Survive at Fox News? Report: Trump Wrote a Threatening Note Against ‘Disloyal’ CNN President After Debate Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here. « Previous Post Next Post » © 2017 Mediaite, LLC | About Us | Advertise | Newsletter | Jobs | Privacy | User Agreement | Disclaimer | Contact | Archives | RSS Dan Abrams, Founder Mediaite The Mary Sue RunwayRiot LawNewz Gossip Cop
Vanity Fair hive Sign In/Up business technology politics the players hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Business Politics Technology The Players Sign In/Up Car Wars “No Evidence”: Uber Fires Back at Google over Driverless Car Lawsuit Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Car Wars “No Evidence”: Uber Fires Back at Google over Driverless Car Lawsuit Uber says an injunction would be a “misfire” and accuses Google of trying to “stifle our independent innovation.” by Maya KosoffApril 7, 2017 3:58 pm Email Facebook Twitter By Justin Sullivan/Getty Images. Uber has, for the most part, kept its cards close to its chest in its fight against a major lawsuit from Google parent company Alphabet and its self-driving car division, Waymo. The lawsuit alleges that Anthony Levandowski, once a fixture on Google’s self-driving car team, stole 14,000 files pertaining to Google’s proprietary self-driving technology when he left Google to form his own self-driving technology start-up, Otto, which was later sold to Uber for north of half a billion dollars. Uber, which stands accused of facilitating intellectual property theft, has requested arbitration to prevent the case from going to trial. But should Alphabet succeed, and get an injunction against Uber forcing the $68 billion company to stop using its current self-driving technology, the consequences could prove devastating. On Friday, six weeks after Waymo sued Uber, the ride-hailing giant finally filed an opposition laying out its counterargument. “Waymo’s injunction motion is a misfire: there is no evidence that any of the 14,000 files in question ever touched Uber’s servers and Waymo’s assertion that our multi-lens LIDAR is the same as their single-lens LIDAR is clearly false,” Uber associate general counsel Angela Padilla said in a statement. “If Waymo genuinely thought that Uber was using its secrets, it would not have waited more than five months to seek an injunction. Waymo doesn’t meet the high bar for an injunction, which would stifle our independent innovation—probably Waymo’s goal in the first place." In its opposition, Uber’s lawyers take aim at nearly every aspect of Google’s lawsuit. According to Uber, it conducted a search and found that none of the 14,000 files Waymo claims Levandowski stole ever made their way onto its servers. Uber slams Waymo for waiting months to ask for an injunction after Levandowski, who is said to be invoking his Fifth Amendment rights to avoid self-incrimination, allegedly downloaded Waymo files in October 2016. (Levandowski has denied any wrongdoing). And Uber also claims that its LIDAR sensors for self-driving vehicles are not self-designed and installed, but in fact come from a commercial supplier called Velodyne Lidar. (LIDAR standards for light detection and ranging, a remote sensing mechanism used in autonomous vehicles). “Both of its central premises—that former Waymo employees brought thousands of confidential Waymo documents to Uber to build a copycat LiDAR and that Uber’s LiDAR closely mimics Waymo’s single-lens design—are demonstrably false,” Uber said in Friday’s filing. Uber says its LIDAR sensors have a four-lens design, compared with Waymo's, which have a single lens; it also says its LIDAR has two optical cavities, compared with Waymo's one. Waymo, Google's seven-year-old self-driving car project that spun off into its own stand-alone business last year, maintains that Levandowski did, in fact, bring proprietary information to Uber when he switched companies. “Uber’s assertion that they’ve never touched the 14,000 stolen files is disingenuous at best, given their refusal to look in the most obvious place: the computers and devices owned by the head of their self-driving program,” A Waymo spokesperson said in a statement to the Hive. “We’re asking the court to step in based on clear evidence that Uber is using, or plans to use, our trade secrets to develop their LIDAR technology, as seen in both circuit-board blueprints and filings in the State of Nevada.” Share Email Facebook Twitter Maya KosoffMaya Kosoff writes about tech for VF.com, with a focus on start-ups and venture capital. YOU MIGHT LIKE Alt-Right Goes “Apoplectic” Over Trump’s Decision to Bomb SyriaVanity Fair Twitter Just Sued the Trump Administration for Trying to Unmask an Anonymous Anti-Trump AccountVanity Fair Trump Launches Missile Strike on Syrian Air Base, Drawing U.S. Deeper into Six-Year Civil WarVanity Fair Alt Right Goes “Apoplectic” Over Trump’s Decision to Bomb SyriaVanity Fair Even the White House Doesn’t Know What Kellyanne Conway’s Job IsVanity Fair The Trump Lifestyle Is Officially Bleeding the Secret Service DryVanity Fair Around the Web Powered by Zergnet PLAYERS SEEK Follow the players shaping the newsGet daily updates on all the Silicon Valley hotshots, Washington Brahmins, Wall Street titans, and cultural icons. SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Crimesider/ MISSING MANHUNT COLD CASES PHOTOS 48 HOURS By Crimesider Staff CBS/AP April 7, 2017, 4:13 PM Escort convicted in Google exec's OD death ordered deported 20 Photos Alix Tichelman appearing in a Calif. court on manslaughter and heroin charges after authorities say she injected a Google executive with heroin on his yacht and fled as he overdosed and died KPIX Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email SANTA CRUZ, Calif. -- A California prostitute convicted in the heroin overdose death of a Google executive aboard his yacht has been ordered deported to her native Canada, reports CBS affiliate KION. Play Video 48 Hours Full Episodes Kiss of Death and the Google Exec The mysterious death of a Google executive and his last night with an exotic beauty captured on video -- now a court decides her fate. "48 Hours"... Santa Cruz sheriff’s officials turned over 30-year-old Alix Tichelman to the custody of Department of Homeland Security Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents on the morning she completed her jail sentence and was released on March 29. READ: Who’s to blame in Google exec’s OD death? A Santa Cruz County Superior Court judge in 2015 sentenced Tichelman to five years in prison after she pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter and administering drugs. Counting time served before her guilty plea, Tichelman was released after serving about half her sentence, with time off for good behavior. Tichelman is a Canadian citizen with an American green card, reports the San Jose Mercury News. Tichelman reportedly grew up in Georgia and has spent little time in Canada. Thursday, according to KION, an immigration judge ruled that Tichelman’s criminal convictions were grounds for her deportation. She was expected to remain in ICE custody pending final arrangements. In November 2013, Tichelman injected Forrest Timothy Hayes with heroin, then left without seeking help when he passed out on the yacht, authorities say. Hayes had hired Tichelman several times before, and they were doing drugs and having sex the night he died, authorities said. Play Video 48 Hours Segment Extras A look inside Forrest Hayes' "Escape" Google executive Forrest Hayes clearly loved his yacht "Escape" and spent a great deal of time and effort to outfit it exactly the way he wanted.... The high-end call girl was arrested eight months after Hayes’ death. “48 Hours” investigated the case in the episode, “Kiss of Death and the Google Exec.” WATCH: “48 Hours:” Kiss of Death and the Google Exec A surveillance video at the Santa Cruz harbor showed Tichelman panicking and attempting to revive Hayes as he slipped into unconsciousness, Santa Cruz Deputy District Attorney Rafael Vazquez said. Later, the video shows her gather her belongings, casually step over Hayes’ body, finish a glass of wine and lower a blind before leaving the yacht the night before the body was discovered. Santa Cruz Sheriff Sgt. Chris Clark said ICE agents appeared at the Northern California jail to detain Tichelman on her release. Clark said sheriff officials declined to honor an ICE request to hold Tichelman for two days after her release date. Clark said this is the 5th time immigration enforcement agents have appeared at the Santa Cruz County jail this year to detain an inmate being released. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Crimesider Dad of long-missing boy pleads guilty to manslaughter The father of the child known as "Peter Boy" has agreed to reveal the location of the child's body to Hawaii prosecutors NY to offer free legal help to immigrants facing deportation Experts estimate that without an attorney immigrants have just a three percent chance of successfully fighting a deportation order Popular Follow Us Facebook RSS Newsletters Read Story Escort convicted in Google exec's OD ordered deported Previous Next 52 Photos Notorious teacher sex scandals Read Story Video: "Bold" burglars use power tools in daytime break-in Previous Next Read Story Video: "Bold" burglars use power tools in daytime break-in Previous Next Read Story Parents accused of "gifting" teen daughter enter pleas Previous Next Read Story Prosecutor to Hernandez jury: "You know who the killer is" Previous Next CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Sections You are not signed in.Sign inRegister HomeDevelopmentPublishingPolitics & LawMedia & MarketingMobileVR & ARFinancialeSportsEventsGames Industry Jobs Noah Falstein leaves Google, says he's "not ready to give up making games" Internet giant's chief game designer departs after opportuninty to develop new titles "fails to materialise" James Batchelor Senior Editor Friday 7th April 2017 Share this article Recommend Tweet Share Companies in this article Google Veteran games developer Noah Falstein has left his role as chief game designer at Google. In a blog post explaining his decision, Falstein expressed his frustration at not being able to tap into nearly 40 years of experience or take on the type of projects he believed he had been recruited for. Falstein joined Google four years ago during what "seemed an auspicious time to be able to make games at a company known for its world-spanning technology", he writes. He continues: "Unfortunately, the opportunity to actually build the big, consequential games that I had been hired to help create failed to materialize, even as the world market for games has continued to grow in size, diversity, and geographic reach." As such, he has now left Google. He described the firm as "a tremendous company" and said he will miss his colleagues, the perks and the excitement of working for Google - but ultimately he felt his experience was going to waste. "With 37 years as a professional game developer, making games is in my blood," he says. "I'm not ready to give up on it, certainly not when there are exciting new fields just opening up." Falstein is particularly keen to explore opportunities for video games in the fields of virtual reality and nueroscience, the latter of which he has previously worked in. "I don't know what's next, and that's part of what attracts me," he writes. "The only way that I or my long-term colleagues stay fresh in an industry that is constantly changing is to evolve to meet that adapting environment. "Whether neurogaming, interactive VR films, or some other yet undreamt-of territory will be my next challenge, I'm eager to begin exploring." If you have jobs news to share or a new hire you want to shout about, please contact us on newhires@gamesindustry.biz Sign up for The Daily Update and get the best of GamesIndustry.biz in your inbox. Related stories "Don't rely on being featured by app stores" Google's Matteo Vallone encourages mobile devs to find other channels to new audiences and trust in the quality of their games By James Batchelor A month ago Google Play: "We have a responsibility to shine a spotlight on high quality experiences" Jamil Moledina explains how Google is doubling down on engagement and curation for its Play store developers By James Brightman A month ago Latest comments (1) Ruben Monteiro Engineer 19 hours ago Respect. 0Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Sign in to contribute Email addressPasswordSign in Need an account? Register now. Now hiring Improbable IconImprobable blog Sponsored SpatialOS panel talk featuring games industry legends At GDC 2017, Improbable hosted a panel talk on the future of online games with some very special guests! 21 hours ago Releasing the source code of our Unreal technical demo Check out Improbable's public GitHub repo of an experimental SpatialOS integration with UE4. 21 hours ago
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Uber to Waymo: We aren't using your self-driving car tech The legal battle heats up as Uber calls Waymo's claims "demonstrably wrong" and a "misfire." Tech Industry by Richard Nieva April 7, 2017 12:41 PM PDT @richardjnieva by Dara Kerr April 7, 2017 12:41 PM PDT @darakerr Uber responded to Waymo's lawsuit over self-driving cars. Uber Uber has fired back at Waymo in the legal battle over the future of self-driving cars. The ride-hailing company said in a court filing Friday that Waymo, formerly known as Google's self-driving car unit, has wrongly accused Uber of stealing trade secrets to develop its autonomous cars. Uber also asked the court to deny Waymo's request for an injunction against Uber's self-driving car program and said Waymo's accusations were "demonstrably false." The crux of Waymo's lawsuit, filed in February, is the claim that a former Google employee, Anthony Levandowski, stole 14,000 "highly confidential" files before he left to found his own self-driving trucking startup. Uber bought the startup, Otto, last year. Levandowski helped develop Waymo's lidar technology, a key component in self-driving cars that lets the vehicles "see" their surroundings and detect traffic, pedestrians, bicyclists and other obstacles. The company alleged that the stolen information has benefited Uber as it's developed its own driverless car tech. In its court filing, Uber said its lidar technology is "fundamentally different" from Waymo's. "Waymo's injunction motion is a misfire: there is no evidence that any of the 14,000 files in question ever touched Uber's servers and Waymo's assertion that our multi-lens LiDAR is the same as their single-lens LiDAR is clearly false," Angela Padilla, associate general counsel at Uber, said in a statement. "If Waymo genuinely thought that Uber was using its secrets, it would not have waited more than five months to seek an injunction. Waymo doesn't meet the high bar for an injunction, which would stifle independent innovation and competition." This is the first time Uber has publicly laid out its side of the case since Waymo's February filing of the suit, which is being heard in the District Court for the Northern District of California. Pitting two of Silicon Valley's biggest tech titans against each other, this high-stakes legal showdown seems like something out of a spy novel. It centers on Waymo's claims that Uber allegedly stole secret self-driving car technology and includes everything from accusations of theft to Uber's key witness pleading the Fifth to avoid self-incrimination. In the filing, Uber said it searched its computers and didn't find any of the files in question. Waymo said Uber isn't searching in the right place. "Uber's assertion that they've never touched the 14,000 stolen files is disingenuous at best, given their refusal to look in the most obvious place: the computers and devices owned by the head of their self-driving program," a Waymo spokeswoman said in a statement. "We're asking the court to step in based on clear evidence that Uber is using, or plans to use, our trade secrets to develop their LiDAR technology, as seen in both circuit board blueprints and filings in the State of Nevada." Uber also said in its filing that it's relying on a third-party manufacturer, Velodyne Lidar, for its lidar technology, instead of its own in-house design like Waymo does. Cloak, dagger, self-driving car Levandowski left Google in January 2016. Four months later, he co-founded Otto, which was then acquired by Uber in August for $680 million. "Mr. Levandowski took extraordinary efforts to raid Waymo's design server and then conceal his activities," reads Waymo's original complaint. Waymo said it learned of the alleged theft after a supplier accidentally emailed a Waymo employee a diagram of Uber's lidar dashboard. "This circuit board bears a striking resemblance to Waymo's own highly confidential and proprietary design and reflects Waymo trade secrets," Waymo's complaint reads. Waymo has accused two other former Google employees of allegedly downloading proprietary files. It also claims that Levandowski and Lior Ron, another Otto co-founder who previously worked for Google, allegedly poached Google employees using confidential information, such as details of salaries and compensation packages. The case is against Uber, however, not Levandowski and his cohorts. Testimony submitted by Waymo alleges that Levandowski met with Uber before Otto was founded, though Levandowski said those meetings were to look for investors for his new company. Self-driving cars are a hot topic in the auto and tech industries. Automakers from Toyota to Ford to Volvo all have projects under way. And besides Google and Uber, other Silicon Valley giants, like Apple, Intel and Tesla Motors, are betting on the tech. If the judge presiding over the case sides with Waymo, Uber may be forced to halt its project, which already involves autonomous vehicles in Pennsylvania, Arizona and California. Michael Brophy, intellectual property attorney with Withers Bergman, said cases like this often end up with one of three outcomes: quick settlement; dismissal of the suit for lack of evidence, lack of legally protectable property or another defense; or public trial. "These matters are often made more complicated by other factors, such as cross-claims or third-party litigation, unexpected testimony or evidence, market events, or insolvency," Brophy said. "Until Uber starts mounting its defense, it will be difficult to predict which of these outcomes seems most likely or how Uber's alleged evidence and potential factual claims may impair Alphabet/Waymo's efforts to reach its goals." As high-profile as the legal battle is, Uber hopes parts of it will take place outside of public view. The company filed a motion last month requesting that the disputes around trade secrets be resolved in private arbitration instead of public court. The hearing to decide this matter is scheduled for April 27. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Check it out here. Life, disrupted: In Europe, millions of refugees are still searching for a safe place to settle. Tech should be part of the solution. But is it? CNET investigates. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Tech Industry Roadshow Google Uber Alphabet Inc. More stories Opening for business: How to set up your first online store Google brags it does AI better than the other guys Pepsi cans Kendall Jenner protest ad amid internet outcry Police hear a pitch for free body cameras, with a side of AI Close   Discuss: Uber to Waymo: We aren't using your self-driving... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Twitter sues US government over order on anti-Trump account Twitter takes on US government The company said the federal government ordered it to reveal the identity of an account critical of the Trump administration. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:15 Project Scorpio specs, Android Wi-Fi vulnerability Today's biggest tech stories include Project Scorpio's full specs unveiled, Twitter's new "Lite" mobile version and a recent Wi-Fi exploit discovered on Android phones. by Jeff Bakalar 1:11 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Uber isn't even using the custom self-driving-car tech at the heart of a Google lawsuit Danielle Muoio Apr. 7, 2017, 9:38 PM 1,946 facebook linkedin twitter email print Business Insider/Corey Protin Uber is at the head of the pack in the race to build self-driving cars, with a small fleet of its robo-cars already on the road in a few cities. But it turns out that a critical piece of technology for its self-driving cars has never actually left the lab. The bucket-shaped "Lidar" radar sensor that sits on top of Uber's self-driving cars is not complex technology developed by Uber's army of engineers. It's just an off-the-shelf product developed by another company and available for anyone with to purchase.  Uber acknowledged this in a legal filing on Friday, in which the company responded to bombshell trade theft lawsuit filed against it by rival Google in February.  The suit claims that Uber is using Lidar technology that was actually developed by Google's self-driving car group and stolen by an ex-Google employee. Uber's confession that it hasn't yet perfected its own in-house Lidar sensor might help it deflect Google's accusations, but it also shows that Uber still has a ways to go in its effort to develop its own autonomous driving technology.  Total misfire Uber, one of the largest ride-hailing services, said its autonomous vehicles are currently relying on technology developed by third-party companies, such as lidar manufacturer Velodyne. What's more, it said it has never installed its in-house lidar system on any of its vehicles. The company's Otto self-driving trucks, which are deployed in Nevada, do not use even use lidar, Uber says. Lidar is a key component of self-driving cars that help vehicles detect obstacles by creating high-resolution maps of the surrounding area. It's a big turn in the contentious lawsuit, considering Waymo has asked a federal judge to issue a preliminary injunction that would prevent Uber from using technology that could have been built using Waymo's lidar designs. If Uber's cars are only using third-party sensors, its autonomous pilot programs in Pittsburgh, San Francisco, and Arizona may be able to continue as planned. But the disclosure also shows Uber is behind Waymo in its self-driving-car efforts. Waymo has been testing its custom lidar system on Fiat Chrysler minivans in Arizona and California since late January. Meanwhile, Uber has yet to finish building its sensor. Waymo; Business Insider/ Skye Gould Waymo is building all of its own self-driving-car hardware so it can bring the tech to market faster and at a lower price. The company's ultimate aim is to sell its package of autonomous hardware and software directly to companies. Waymo said building its lidar in-house has allowed it to slash the price of the system by 90% — a huge gain for a notoriously expensive, albeit critical, sensor for self-driving cars. For comparison, Velodyne's most advanced lidar sensor costs as much as $75,000 a pop. Meanwhile, Uber is still working on its own lidar system, which it claims is different from the one Waymo designed. Uber says its technology relies on four lenses instead of one and also has a different number of optical cavities. Waymo hasn't publicly said when it plans to bring its tech to market, but there are reports it will use the tech in a robot taxi service with Fiat Chrysler at the end of this year. But as Waymo continues to test its custom tech on public roads, Uber is still working on just finishing the lidar sensor. Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: UBER RESPONDS: Google claims about stolen technology are a total 'misfire' NOW WATCH: Uber finally released their diversity report — here's how it compares to Facebook and Google Loading video... More: Uber Waymo Google Alphabet Lawsuits BITranspo Self-Driving Car facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Uber isn't even using the custom self-driving-car tech at the heart of a Google lawsuit Uber isn't even using the custom self-driving-car tech at the heart of a Google lawsuit Uber is at the head of the pack in the... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd EqualEd Voices Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Technology Google rolls out new 'Fact Check' tool worldwide to combat fake news search for solutions The new feature tags stories with potentially misleading information with veracity reports from organizations like Snopes and Politifact. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Google rolls out new 'Fact Check' tool worldwide to combat fake news Susan Rice, Michael Flynn, and the politics of surveillance (+video) Briefing: Trump, Russia, Rice – and now Nunes Xi visits Trump on his home turf: Who will strong-arm whom? (+video) After St. Petersburg bombing, a notable absence: Russian anti-Islam backlash (+video) Popular Now The mystery of knitting ... remains a mystery Google rolls out new 'Fact Check' tool worldwide to combat fake news Susan Rice, Michael Flynn, and the politics of surveillance (+video) Briefing: Trump, Russia, Rice – and now Nunes Xi visits Trump on his home turf: Who will strong-arm whom? (+video) Photos of the day 04/07 SUBSCRIBE The Google logo is seen at the Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Stephen Lam/Reuters/File | Caption Loading... Weston Williams Staff | @westonwolf359 April 7, 2017 —On Friday, Google implemented a new tool to fight the spread of misinformation on the web worldwide. The new "Fact Check" program automatically labels dubious stories in users' search results, and provides links to fact-checking sites like Snopes and Politifact to establish the veracity of their claims. The new tool comes as major websites such as Google, Facebook, and Twitter continue to face pressure to check the spread of "fake news" across the internet, an issue which was catapulted into the spotlight during the US presidential campaign.  Over the past few years, sites such as Google have had to walk a fine line between policing false claims and supporting basic principles of free speech online. Google, after all, is the most popular search engine in the world, sporting more than 77 percent of the global search engine market share. And for many, that level of influence entails some responsibility to make sure its many users are not misled. "Building systems that help people get better at judging information is an important goal and helping people notice when information might not be credible is an excellent thing to do – in my work, I call this 'designing for information assess ability,'" says Andrea Forte, an assistant professor at Drexel University's College of Computing & Informatics in Philadelphia, Penn. "But depending on corporations to be responsible for educating people about credible information is not a reasonable solution." Dr. Forte tells The Christian Science Monitor in an email that relying on ad-revenue driven companies like Google is, at best, an "incomplete solution." She adds that major websites depend on one-sided, positive messaging in order to make money, so even programs like Fact Check will never be an entirely reliable method of eliminating fake news and providing the user with fair, balanced information. Are you savvy about social networks? Take our quiz to find out. But it's a start, she adds. "Google was built to help people find useful information by surfacing the great content that publishers and sites create," reads a blog post from Google explaining the new feature. "This access to high quality information is what drives people to use the web and for contributors to continue to engage and invest in it. However, with thousands of new articles published online every minute of every day, the amount of content confronting people online can be overwhelming." The new program was first tested in October, when Google gave publishers in certain countries the ability to show a Fact Check tag in Google's News section. The feature highlighted reputable articles that assessed the accuracy of statements by public figures. Now, that feature has been expanded worldwide, with fact-checking tags appearing in Google's main search results as well in as the News section. "For the first time, when you conduct a search on Google that returns an authoritative result containing fact checks for one or more public claims, you will see that information clearly on the search results page," reads the Google blog. "The snippet will display information on the claim, who made the claim, and the fact check of that particular claim." A network of 115 fact-checking organizations will provide the accuracy assessment for dubious articles, rather than Google providing the fact-checking service itself. As a result, Google searches based on the same claim could return different takes on the story's accuracy or inaccuracy from different fact-checkers. But even with differing takes on a given story's accuracy, Google hopes that the range of opinions from different sources will give users an idea of the "degree of consensus" on any dubious claims. Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign Up × Of course, some fake news readers will likely continue to reject the truth in favor of a fake news article that seems to support their pre-existing biases. But while Fact Check won't eliminate the problem of fake news completely, Forte thinks that Google's new tool is an important step in fighting the proliferation of misinformation on the web. "Asking companies like Google and Facebook to think about these problems and do what they can to address them is a start, because designing to help people make good judgments should be a basic consideration in the design of all information systems," says Forte. "But it doesn't go far enough. We need both technological and social solutions. Both good design and education." Did this story deliver on 'search for solutions'?    Thanks for your feedback. Great, thanks for your feedback. Please share this story! Give us your feedback, please. Give us your feedback, please. We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit   Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up Test your knowledge Are you savvy about social networks? Take our quiz to find out. By Katherine Jacobsen Cutting ties with YouTube: A win in the fight against racist web content? By Patrick Reilly Cover Story Trump vs. the media: the war over facts By Tom Fiedler Photos of the Day Photos of the day 04/07 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryFriday Poll: Do You Use a Case on Your Phone? Next StoryDEALS: Best Buy Hosting Sale on Lots of Smart Home Stuff by Kellex on Apr 7, 2017 @droid_life News Home Share this Story Google Search’s Fact Check Label Rolls Out Everywhere The internet is filled with a lot of garbage, more so than ever right now. Outside of everyone and their toe having a hot take, the real garbage I’m referring to is the wave of made-up-nonsense news that flooded places like Facebook during the previous election or has potentially been crawled by Google and placed into Search results. Because the world is a better place when purposely misleading trash is called out for being purposely misleading trash to help you laugh in the face of your scary middle-of-no-where extremist uncles and aunts as they go about sharing it, Google is making it clearer than ever when something has been fact checked.  In Google News results, you’ll now see clearly marked information about news articles that have been checked. The claim is highlighted, along with the person who made the claim, followed by a fact check on whether or not it’s true. Take a look at the image above to see how this will look. Starting today, Google is rolling this out everywhere from News to Search. Of course, you won’t see it in every result, but when you do, you’ll hopefully be a more informed individual who isn’t just screaming “FAKE NEWS!” because the information doesn’t align with your whacked out beliefs. Facts are important. Correct information, whether we agree with it or not, is important. Don’t be the sh*thead who isn’t about a factual world. If you are a publisher and want to have your articles in this whole fact-checking thing, hit up the link below to get the instructions. Via: Google Post navigation Previous StoryFriday Poll: Do You Use a Case on Your Phone? Next StoryDEALS: Best Buy Hosting Sale on Lots of Smart Home Stuff Spinach Chin “If you like your plan, you can keep your plan” was originally rated “half-true” by Politifact. Then it was “Lie of the Year” for 2013. Fact checking websites are political propaganda websites, nothing more. Only as good as the ideology of those checking the facts… PoisonApple31 Fact checking is easy these days. You listen to what Trump says today and watch how he tweeted the exact opposite opinion of a topic a few years ago on Twitter. Cory S How about fact checks under sketchy internet ads…Like the ones on this site. Jigga What It’s not about “politics on Droid Life” it’s about a tech company using the tech is specializes in to make it easier to get “facts”…. Now, I would still encourage people to do research across multiple sources to come to some general understanding..but hey..better than what is out there.. Paul Houseknecht Yeah…. More politics on Droid life… Eric R. Can they implement this with YouTube clickbait? Orlando aka Pixel XL Can I have auto fact check everything Donald Trump says….. needa I hope so. Right next to the fact checks on all of the assumptions that are made because of what he says. michael arazan If it comes out of his mouth it is 90% BS….and climbing Bombing Syria was the first Truth out of his mouth so far, and the love for his children and grand children I’ll assume Masri87 Great, the death of objectivity as come. jim I thought Google WiFi was on sale ? any one got anything on this? Stabby McKnifington So basically they are just connecting the article with any fact checking done by established fact checking sites? Cue “buhht (fill in any fact checker) has a bias against my views!!” John E. Jablonski Is “Dump Tower” on Google Maps considered FakeNews? John E. Jablonski So, anything the Oh So Honest And Totally Unbiased People at Google disagree with is now Fake News. Stabby McKnifington Did you read TFA? Bourne Google has been known for stretching the truth themselves. No one is totally honest but Google is a champion of a lot of dishonest people which reflects on their poor judgement. I wouldn’t trust Google’s fact checking any more than the left-wing nuts at Snopes. needa It is a shame that what you say is true. Genkidama Are they going to fact check all the major players in news too? Doubtful… Cody M Seems like an avenue to censor things google doesn’t agree with by using left leaning ‘fact checkers’ like snopes. sonicyoof Hey grandpa, didn’t know you were on Droid Life in addition to Facebook! Genkidama You hit the nail right on the head. tnt “Because the world is a better place when purposely misleading trash is called out for being purposely misleading trash.” ** scrolls to Taboola ads below article ** evan brown A little late for this… Higher_Ground A day late and a dollar short. Who’s actually going to need or use this? Either you know about fact checking (and do it occasionally) or you’ll just assume this is more “fake news” when it doesn’t align with your views. I like Google (I think we all do) and their “do no evil” motto but I’m not willing to anoint them the arbiter of truth yet. Snopes still wins out for me, so if they’re linking to them that’s a good start. ChrisI This seems like net neutrality failings at work, prioritizing one’s “news” over another’s “news”. Higher_Ground except it’s only commentary, not prioritization. John E. Jablonski The “fact check” itself is biased commentary. ChrisI I’m not referring to Kellen’s post, ya dope. I’m referring to what Google is doing here. About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Fighting fake news: Google ‘Fact Check’ label expanded to search, Google News worldwide By Levi Sumagaysay / April 7, 2017 at 10:42 AM Google is continuing its attempt to fight fake news by making its “Fact Check” label available for search results. The company also is expanding the label in Google News worldwide after introducing the feature in certain countries in October. The label “identifies articles that include information fact checked by news publishers and fact-checking organizations,” Google said in a blog post Friday. The fact-check labels won’t be available on all articles and results, just the ones that have been fact-checked. When you search for something, the resulting “snippet” will show information about “the claim, who made the claim, and the fact check of that particular claim,” the company said. Google’s battle against fake news is in the spotlight as the world’s largest search engine, along with Facebook (the world’s largest social network) deal with their part in the proliferation of fake news during the U.S. presidential election — and afterward. Both Google and Facebook have said they want to keep purveyors of fake news from profiting from it, so they are trying to keep such people and publications from placing ads through their networks, although it’s unclear how well the effort is working. (Some say it isn’t.) Facebook this week launched a tool to teach its users how to spot fake news. Also, the social network last month started labeling some stories shared on its platform as “disputed.”   Above: Screen shot showing Fact Check from Google Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: facebook, fake news, Google, Google News, Search   More Posts in GMSV On topic: Tech news to know now April 7, 2017   Off topic: Vacation food, hospital dining, cannibals and calories, limericks April 7, 2017   On topic: Tech news to know now April 6, 2017       Share this Post Tweet       sopasalex The problem here is that every “fact checking” organization determines what is fact based on what their opinions are, rather than actually checking facts. That turns fact checking essentially into ideologically driven efforts to manage free speech. Truth is that we are essentially on our own to do the jobs that used to be done by journalists. Both the left and right have taken over newsotainment and simply dish out their own propaganda….         Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts H-1B visa program maxed out after four days Pre-release Tesla Model 3 spotted near company headquarters Intel security costs rose after CEO, other execs got threats Ford ahead of Uber, Google, Tesla in self-driving car race,… A longtime Twitter board member is leaving     Archives Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital   About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 8 Brilliant Search Tools Hidden Within Google Photos Creative 8 Brilliant Search Tools Hidden Within Google Photos Sherwin Coelho Get Creative While Offline With These 8 Amazing Chrome Apps Creative Get Creative While Offline With These 8 Amazing Chrome Apps Sandy Stachowiak Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Is Google Chrome Hogging Your Memory? Do This to Free Up RAM! Windows Browsers Is Google Chrome Hogging Your Memory? Do This to Free Up RAM! Nancy Messieh April 7, 2017 07-04-2017 6 minutes Is Google Chrome Hogging Your Memory? Do This to Free Up RAM! Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Chrome has a bad reputation for hogging memory. Even Google has shared tips on how to reduce Chrome memory use. But with just a little bit of effort, there’s a lot you can do to keep Chrome RAM usage at a minimum. Find Out How Much RAM Chrome Is Using There are two easy ways you can figure out how much RAM Chrome is using. You can find out Chrome’s overall use in the Windows Task Manager 10 Windows Task Manager Tricks You Didn't Know 10 Windows Task Manager Tricks You Didn't Know If the only time you open the Task Manager is when an application is frozen and needs to be killed, you're overlooking some of its more powerful features. Read More . If you want to drill down further and understand exactly how much RAM each site, extension, or plugin is using, you can opt instead for Chrome’s own Task Manager How to Identify Which Chrome Tabs Are Wasting RAM and CPU Resources How to Identify Which Chrome Tabs Are Wasting RAM and CPU Resources If Chrome is slow and laggy, it could be due to a rogue tab that's eating up too much RAM or CPU. Here's how to figure out which tab is the culprit. Read More . You can then use the Chrome Task Manager to instantly kill RAM-hogging sites. With the help of a few extensions and settings, you can also ensure that Chrome uses less memory without having to open up the task manager and kill sites. Temporarily Close Tabs The best place to start is with your tabs. You can either depend on a variety of extensions to suspend idle tabs and stop them from using up your RAM, or you can enable Chrome’s native tab discarding This is How Google is Fixing Chrome's Memory Problems and Discarding Tabs This is How Google is Fixing Chrome's Memory Problems and Discarding Tabs Google Chrome is just so slow and annoying. Right? Google is now rolling out major changes to the browser that fix memory problems and actively discards unused tabs. Read More . Selectively Suspend Tabs With Chrome extension TooManyTabs, you can choose exactly which tabs to temporarily close. Use the extension to close the tabs and reopen them in the exact same place so you can easily pick up where you left off. Not only is this handy for limiting how much RAM Chrome uses, it also makes it easier to stay focused with fewer tabs open. After you install TooManyTabs, click on the extension button to pull up a list of all your open tabs. To suspend a tab, click the small yellow arrow next to the tab in question. To restore it, just click on the yellow tab in the Suspended Tabs list and it will be re-opened. If you have two Chrome windows open, each with multiple tabs, clicking the TooManyTabs button will only give you access to the tabs in the window you are looking at. Suspend All Tabs With The Great Suspender you can suspend all but one tab. Go to the tab you want to keep working on, click the Great Suspender button and select Suspend other tabs. Note that the extension can be a little finicky, and you might have to click the button twice to actually get all tabs suspended. The Great Suspender gives you quite extensive control over how tabs are suspended. You can select certain sites to never be suspended, so if you always need your email inbox open in a browser, The Great Suspender is a good option. To reload a suspended tab, just click anywhere in the window. If you want to suspend every single tab, OneTab is a better option. The extension collapses every single tab you have open without exceptions. It moves all the tabs into one list. You can then restore all tabs with one click, restore selective tabs, or close them all permanently. Let Chrome Choose for You If you’d rather leave the task up to Chrome and not have to manually select the tabs to close, TabMemFree will suspend inactive tabs. The extension has some options to choose from. You can determine how long before it suspends inactive tabs, with a minimum of 15 minutes. And you can instruct it to ignored pinned tabs. Tab Wrangler is another extension to consider that automatically suspends inactive tabs if you’re looking for a little more control. Like TabMemFree, you can determine the length of time before a tab is considered inactive and set it to ignore pinned tabs, but you have the added option to lock additional tabs and to sync your tab settings between different computers. Strip Websites Certain websites can really slow your computer down. Rather than let these sites get the best of your browser and computer, you can actually strip out a lot of the RAM-hogging content that slows you down. The terrible Washington Examiner site just mauled Chrome on my computer. pic.twitter.com/VVo93HBNjn — Tom Gara (@tomgara) March 23, 2017 Text Mode Chrome extension Text Mode, as the name would indicate, loads all web pages in text only. Any images, videos, and flash elements are discarded. This does mean that it will get rid of ads and some embedded content. To activate Text Mode on any site, just click the button in your browser and you’re done. A gray box will appear anywhere an image once was. Text Mode also gets rid of any color on the screen, so it actually is quite easy on the eyes. If you continue to browse other sites in the same tab where Text Mode is activated, it will continue to strip images and extras out of those sites. The extension does not remove YouTube embeds. Read Mode If you prefer to continue to view images, but still want to strip out Flash and ads, you can opt for Read Mode. When you open up a page that you want to strip down to read mode, just click the button in your browser. Get Rid of Unwanted Extras Some add-ons and extras available for Chrome just add to the memory usage. Take a look at your plugins and extensions, and get rid of anything that you deem unnecessary. We may be recommending a few extensions that can help keep curb Chrome’s memory usage, but keep in mind that too many extensions can slow your computer down, hence cleaning up your Chrome extensions How to Clean Up Your Browser Extensions (The Easy Way) How to Clean Up Your Browser Extensions (The Easy Way) If you regularly check out cool extensions, then it is probably time to clean up those add-ons that you no longer want, like, or need. Here's how to do it easily. Read More is a good idea. Paste chrome://extensions in your address bar and go through your extensions and get rid of anything that you don’t find yourself using on a regular basis. A good way to see if you actually need these extensions is to disable them rather than remove them. A month later, go back to your extension list and if you haven’t felt the need to turn any of these extensions back on, you can go ahead and delete them through Chrome’s extension manager. You can also clean up your plugins by pasting chrome://plugins in your address bar, and also try to avoid using Chrome themes. Customize Chrome’s Settings Chrome contains a few hidden settings 10 Hidden Google Chrome Pages and What You Can Do With Them 10 Hidden Google Chrome Pages and What You Can Do With Them Chrome holds more secrets than you might expect. Presently, you can access more than 60 hidden Chrome URLs and 15 debugging tools. We'll show you the 10 most important ones every power user should know. Read More that you can customize. Paste chrome://settings/ in your address bar or access Settings by clicking the menu button (three stacked dots). Scroll down to the end of the page and click Advanced Settings. Go to Privacy > Content Settings > Unsandboxed Plugin Settings and make sure that Ask when a site wants to use a plugin to access your computer is selected. This should be the default as it’s the recommended Chrome setting. Next, paste chrome://plugins/ in your address bar to pull up additional plugin settings. For all plugins, make sure that Always allowed to run is not checked. You can also go to chrome://flags/ to access the browser’s experimental features. Several settings here can speed up Chrome, but they do come with a warning that they bite, so anything you do in these settings is at your own risk. You will have to restart your browser for any of these changes to take effect. Check out this list of Chrome flags you should change to speed up Chrome. Chrome Optimized In addition to the extensions and tweaks outlined above, your habits can also contribute to a better Chrome experience. Always keep Chrome updated and periodically clear your cache Don't Give Up on Chrome Until You've Done This First Don't Give Up on Chrome Until You've Done This First If you're contemplating ditching Chrome and switching to Internet Explorer or Firefox, I can relate. Some solutions did help improve Chrome a little, but there was only one thing that fixed the problem. Read More . If after trying all of these tips and tricks you find that Chrome just still isn’t cutting it, despite all its great features I Hate Google Chrome But I'm Trapped In It. Here's Why I Hate Google Chrome But I'm Trapped In It. Here's Why In the Chrome vs. Firefox war, I'm siding with the Google users. But I don't want to. Chrome is my browser of choice because it has features that I can't live without. Read More , don’t forget there are plenty of alternative browsers worth trying Which Browser Is Best? Edge vs. Chrome vs. Opera vs. Firefox Which Browser Is Best? Edge vs. Chrome vs. Opera vs. Firefox The browser you're using right now may not be the best one for you. The browser arena changes so frequently that your conclusions from comparisons made last year may be completely wrong this year. Read More . Do you have any tips or tricks for keeping Chrome memory usage at a minimum? Let us know in the comments. Previous PostYour Browser Has a Fingerprint and It Can Be Tracked Online 1 comment Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Magnolia April 8, 2017 at 6:47 am Just use another browser -_- Reply Nancy Messieh 653 articles Nancy is a writer, photographer and editor, living in the DC area with her husband, their greyhound Ella, and Italian greyhound Oliver. Follow here on her personal blog , on Twitter , Pinterest, and Instagram Advertisement Latest Giveaways Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone Advertisement Trending 8 Brilliant Search Tools Hidden Within Google Photos Creative 8 Brilliant Search Tools Hidden Within Google Photos Miracast: The Chromecast Alternative You Didn’t Know About Technology Explained Miracast: The Chromecast Alternative You Didn’t Know About Chromebook vs. Chromebox vs. Chromebit: Which Is Right For You? Linux Technology Explained Chromebook vs. Chromebox vs. Chromebit: Which Is Right For You? Advertisement Related Articles 7 Things to Do With Old RAM Modules DIY 7 Things to Do With Old RAM Modules 10 Useful Google Keep Extensions for Chrome and Firefox Productivity Browsers 10 Useful Google Keep Extensions for Chrome and Firefox Get Creative While Offline With These 8 Amazing Chrome Apps Creative Get Creative While Offline With These 8 Amazing Chrome Apps Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Google expands 'fact check' conclusions in news searches | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Syria Dog attack Job posting Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Google expands 'fact check' conclusions in news searches Google's latest initiative, a fact check, to help curb the spread of misinformation and 'fake news.' (AFP / Chandan Khanna) Anick Jesdanun, The Associated Press Published Friday, April 7, 2017 2:05PM EDT Last Updated Friday, April 7, 2017 4:25PM EDT NEW YORK -- Google will expand the use of "fact check" tags in its search results -- the tech industry's latest effort to combat false and misleading news stories. People who search for a topic in Google's main search engine or the Google News section will see a conclusion such as "mostly true" or "false" next to stories that have been fact checked. Google has been working with more than 100 news organizations and fact-checking groups , including The Associated Press, the BBC and NPR. Their conclusions will appear in search results as long as they meet certain formatting criteria for automation. Google said only a few of those organizations, including PolitiFact and Snopes.com, have already met those requirements; The Washington Post also says it complies. Google said it expects the ranks of compliant organizations to grow following Friday's announcement. Not all news stories will be fact checked. Multiple organizations may reach different conclusions; Google will show those separately. Still unanswered is whether these fact-check analyses will sway people who are already prone to believe false reports because they confirm preconceived notions. Glenn Kessler, who writes "The Fact Checker" column at The Washington Post, said in an email that Google's efforts should at least "make it easier for people around the world to obtain information that counters the spin by politicians and political advocacy groups, as well as purveyors of 'fake news."' He added that "over time, I expect that people increasingly will want to read a fact-check on a controversial issue or statement, even if the report conflicts with their political leanings." Google started offering fact check tags in the U.S. and the U.K. in October and expanded the program to a handful of other countries in the subsequent months. Now the program is open to the rest of the world and to all languages. False news and misinformation, often masquerading as trustworthy news that spreads on social media, has gained attention since the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Google's announcement comes a day after Facebook launched a resource to help users spot false news and misleading information that spreads on its service. The resource is basically a notification that pops up for a few days. Clicking on it takes people to tips and other information on how to spot false news and what to do about it. Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Friday, April 7, 2017 Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTV National News: Dissecting the Syria strike Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTV National News: Stockholm truck attack Air Date: April 7, 2017 false 'We Speak' uses tech to translate for refugees Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTV National News: French town remembers Vimy Air Date: April 5, 2017 false CTV National News: Security Council showdown Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTV National News: Ready to remember Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTV Toronto: 'Fake bomb' suspect appears in court Air Date: April 7, 2017 false Eight-year-old needed 13 stitches after dog bite Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTVNews.ca: Governor General on Vimy's importance Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTV National News: Canadian Free Trade Agreement Air Date: April 7, 2017 false CTV News: U.S. investigates Russian involvement Air Date: April 7, 2017 More News from Sci-Tech Whiff of history: Scientists sniff out the past B.C. university student helps unearth 14,000 year-old village Toronto Zoo welcomes 4 African penguin chicks Google expands 'fact check' conclusions in news searches Twitter: U.S. backs down on seeking anti-Trump user records 'Hyperloop' proposal would connect Boston to Providence at speed of sound Join the conversation... Advertisement CTV News Video Network false U.S. intervention in Syria strains relations with Russia false PM says U.S. strikes haven't changed Canada's role in Syria false Terrorism suspected in deadly Stockholm truck attack false Dignitaries arriving in France for Vimy Ridge commemoration CTV National News for April 7: U.S., Russia spar over Syria Most Popular Stories 1 Neighbour saves girl after dog attacks children waiting for bus 1 2 'Please do not apply': Landscaping company's job posting goes viral 1 3 Hyundai, Kia recall 1.4M cars for possible engine failure 4 One arrest, manhunt launched after Sweden 'act of terror' kills 4 7 5 Trudeau convinced by U.S. info that Assad was behind gas attack 8 6 Relations 'ruined': U.S., Russia trade accusations 23 7 Prostitute who gave Google exec fatal heroin dose deported to Canada 8 Trump launches U.S. missile strike against Syria 8 9 Air Canada passenger dies after mid-flight medical emergency 2 10 Penticton, B.C., great-grandmother guilty of second-degree murder Don't Miss false Todd Battis visits his great grandfather's grave at Vimy false BoC unveils commemorative $10 banknote for Canada 150 false These bear cubs were found in a washroom near Banff You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Ont. nurse accused of 8 murders waives right to preliminary hearing Canada-wide warrant issued for Sask. woman accused of suspicious packages Neighbour saves girl after dog attacks children waiting for bus WORLD Myanmar ferry capsizes; 20 dead, over a dozen missing U.S. missile strike could resonate beyond Syria Expected showdown between Trump, Chinese President Xi fails to materialize ENTERTAINMENT Pearl Jam, Tupac, Yes, Journey to be inducted into Rock Hall Harry Styles channels glam rock in post-One Direction debut Scarlett Johansson: Ivanka Trump 'baffles me' HEALTH Manitoba government closes three of six emergency rooms in Winnipeg Nearly half of U.S. adults infected with genital HPV Exposure to air pollution may increase breast density POLITICS O'Leary describes harrowing experience that shaped his view on money Trudeau convinced by U.S. info that Assad was behind gas attack Ont. premier reaches out to U.S. governors to win allies on free trade SCI-TECH Whiff of history: Scientists sniff out the past B.C. university student helps unearth 14,000 year-old village Toronto Zoo welcomes 4 African penguin chicks BUSINESS B.C. bans employers from requiring high heels Canada gains another 19,400 jobs of mostly full-time and self-employed work Pace of U.S. hiring tumbles, yet jobless rate hits 10-year low AUTOS Top court awards Quebec woman parking spot on neighbour's property Hyundai, Kia recall 1.4M cars for possible engine failure B.C. drivers urged to use sense around hungry bears on roadsides SPORTS U.S. beats Canada 3-2 in overtime to capture women's hockey gold Rio stars Rivard, Chernove win Canadian Paralympic Committee awards Fowler joins 4-way tie at the top in Masters Lifestyle Riga mayor interrupted by friendly feline, forced to 'paws' live Q and A 'I just love living': Alberta woman turns 105 Internet rallies behind man trying to score year's worth of Wendy's nuggets CTV News on the Go false Russia, U.S. spar at the UN after air strikes Crib tricks your baby into falling asleep? Remembering the Battle of Vimy Ridge In Pictures   CTV News at Vimy: Remembering the sacrifice Patriotic show: Juno Awards full of energy and humour Junos 2017: Red carpet looks from Canadian talent Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (April 7th) +2,439 Andrew Myrick Apr 7th, 2017 The amount of Android news each week can be overwhelming, but you can follow the best of the best with an app called EarlyBird – News for Android. It includes ALL of the Android news you crave and lets users decide what matters most to them. EarlyBird has recently received a huge update that allows you to subscribe to specific topics so you never miss stories about your favorite things! Download the app on the Google Play Store or, for desktop users, find related discussion in the Android Forums News section. Here’s what you picked as your favorite news stories for the week: #10 – Self-Healing Display 41 likes – A new display material has been invented by scientists which allows the display to heal itself if it is scratched. The technology isn’t ready for wide-spread usage yet, but could be in the next few years. Read more at Business Insider Discuss at Android Forums #9 – Play Store Fake Reviews 42 likes – A new wave of fake reviews have plagued various apps on the Play Store and it’s believed to be due to various bots attempting to gain some legitimacy. Read more at The Next Web Discuss at Android Forums #8 – Galaxy S8 Weather Widget 42 likes – Someone was able to port the Galaxy S8 clock and weather widget and make it available for owners of the Galaxy S7/S7 Edge to download. Read more at XDA Developers Discuss at Android Forums #7 – Google Gnome 42 likes – April Fools Day came and went with Google getting in on the fun. Google Gnome is a Google Home device that sits in your front or backyard and takes your requests outside, versus just staying inside. Watch on YouTube Discuss at Android Forums #6 – Android O App Overlay 42 likes – A new feature discovered in Android O now alerts you as to whether an application is using an overly, such as Facebook’s Chat Heads. This has been implemented in an effort to keep a users device secure. Read more at Android Police Discuss at Android Forums #5 – Google Home 2nd Generation 43 likes – A new rumor is making its rounds which claims that the next-generation Google Home will include a mesh Wi-Fi router. This would help make for a “more complete internet connected device”. Read more at Android Authority Source: The Information Discuss at Android Forums #4 – YouTube AI Platform 43 likes – Google is looking to ramp up its AI efforts on YouTube as the company continues to fight against offensive videos being published. Read more at Bloomberg Discuss at Android Forums #3 – Waze for Android Auto 46 likes – Various users have reportedly received an email from Waze to test the new beta application for Android Auto. Read more at Android Police Discuss at Android Forums #2 – Francisco Franco on Android O 47 likes – Francisco Franco took to Google+ to express his joy in seeing the improvements being made with Android O and how they will directly affect the Pixel and Pixel XL. Read more on Google+ Discuss at Android Forums #1 – Galaxy S8 4K Video 51 likes – Despite the Galaxy S8 not being available to consumers as of yet, someone published a 4K cinematic video, showcasing the camera capabilities of the device. Watch on YouTube Discuss at Android Forums What’s YOUR top news item for the week? Disagree with the Top 10? Let us know in the comments and vote for yourself everyday by downloading EarlyBird on Google Play! Download EarlyBird – News for Android local_offer    EarlyBird   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (0) stars Further Reading 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (March 31st) 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (March 24th) 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (March 17th) 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (February 24th) stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertHTC U Specs and Info leak closeNew HTC U Ocean specs and details leak Yesterday we got a good look at the HTC U Ocean, but now we’re being treated to a ton more info about its specs and how its unique Edge Sensor works. 2 more_vertDownload the Galaxy S8 stock wallpapers closeDownload: Here are all the new wallpapers from the Galaxy S8 If you are looking to get a taste of the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus ahead of their official release, then you can download any of these stock wallpapers and customize your current device. 3 more_vertAndroid Wear 2.0 rollout resumes closeAndroid Wear 2.0 rollout resumes to 5 watches All seems well for Android Wear 2.0 with a rollout now hitting not only the original 3 smartwatches to get OTAs, but even more than the original rollout. 4 more_vertVideo: Galaxy S8 drop test closeYou’ll want to buy a case for your Galaxy S8 after seeing this drop test Someone decided to take the Samsung Galaxy S8 and put it through a drop test. The results will make you want to buy a case ASAP. 5 more_vertGalaxy S8+ survives multiple face-down drop tests [VIDEO] closeWatch the Samsung Galaxy S8+ survive an onslaught of face-down drops [VIDEO] Just because the phone is covered mostly in glass doesn’t mean the Galaxy S8+ is fragile. Watch as the S8 survives multiple face-down drops while the iPhone 7 Plus completely falls apart. 6 more_vertYou can remap the Galaxy S8's Bixby button using this free app closeThis free app lets you remap the Galaxy S8’s physical Bixby button to launch whatever you like Not everybody is a fan of the Galaxy S8’s virtual assistant. Dubbed Bixby, the assistant gets its own dedicated physical button to summon the app, but someone found it’s easy to remap it using a free app. 7 more_vertSprint Note 5 gets Nougat closeSprint’s Galaxy Note 5 is now getting Android 7.0 Nougat Folks rocking the Sprint Samsung Galaxy Note 5 will want to be on the lookout for an OTA to hit their phone. It’s Nougat! 8 more_vertSony Xperia XZs launches in the US closeSony Xperia XZs is now available in the US Those looking to purchase Sony’s latest and greatest should turn their eyes to Amazon right now. The US unlocked model of the Sony Xperia XZs is now available at the online retailer. 9 more_vertMoto G5 Plus photo and video samples [GALLERY] closeThe Moto G5 Plus camera: photo and video samples [GALLERY] The Moto G5 Plus is one of the best affordable Android phones you can buy, but how well can it take a photo? Check out our gallery for sample photos and video. 10 more_vertGalaxy S8 best display closeDisplayMate awards the Galaxy S8 as the best smartphone display With the Samsung Galaxy S8, they introduced the “Infinity Display,” which is a fancy way to say “small bezels.” It’s still Super AMOLED and DisplayMate says it’s still top-notch. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video John T. ‘Jack’ Knox, former Bay Area Democratic assemblyman, 49ers cut cornerback Brock after domestic violence arrest News of the Day From Across the Nation Senate confirms Gorsuch to Supreme Court after GOP changes rules News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Filipino Bataan Death March survivors mark 75th anniversary US threatens more pressure on Syria after missile strikes As infighting rises, White House says no staff shakeup looms McConnell vindicated as Supreme Court nominee confirmed Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors A’s add second bullpen catcher Jeremy Dowdy Rangers pummel A’s Raul Alcantara in 10-5 victory Giants get 2 homers from Belt, including slam, but lose again Kevin Durant ‘happy’ as he prepares to return from knee Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Uber fires back at Waymo in self-driving lawsuit Mysteries remain over alt Twitter accounts after feds back down Shares of San Francisco’s Okta jump in IPO Feds say H-1B applications have reached annual limit A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do With opening at Castro, SFFilm Festival is off and running The latest from Dear Abby Fantastical set of ‘Needles and Opium’ upstages actual Old jokes still have charm in pleasantly amusing ‘Going in Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Speakeasy brewing beer at New York's Shmaltz, for now Favorite dishes from Cotogna, China Live, Rooh, Dad's, Marla and Popular Oakland seafood restaurant fined $395k for environmental Adesso in Oakland to close Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Keep a short leash! Spike in SF coyote sightings Is this the worst commute shortcut in the Bay Area? Lullaby versions of ‘Hamilton’ songs coming to a nap Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: Chileno Bay Resort, Cabo San Lucas Trio of jackets that make most of a rainy day Rick Steves: What’s new in Germany, Vienna and Prague One Day, One Place: Palermo neighborhood of Buenos Aires Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Eureka Valley flat embodies period grace in a hip Charm, space, fruit trees and a fountain—all for under $1 Hayes Valley Victorian conceals stylish condo Darling Half Moon Bay beach cottage with separate artist studio Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to successfully use the phone to expand your job search Make a job fair work for you Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Should you take a counteroffer? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Uber-fires-back-at-Waymo-in-self-driving-lawsuit-11058398.php Uber fires back at Waymo in self-driving lawsuit By David R. Baker Updated 5:02 pm, Friday, April 7, 2017 Photo: Santiago Mejia, The Chronicle Image 1of/5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 Buy photo Anthony Levandowski left Google to form self-driving truck firm Otto, which Uber subsequently bought. Anthony Levandowski left Google to form self-driving truck firm Otto, which Uber subsequently bought. Photo: Santiago Mejia, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 2 of 5 FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Anthony Levandowski, head of Uber's self-driving program, speaks about their driverless car in San Francisco. In sworn statements filed Friday, March 10, 2017, Waymo, a self-driving car company founded by Google, presented new evidence to support its allegations that former manager Levandowski stole technology that Uber bought to help build robot-powered vehicles for its ride-hailing service. less FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Anthony Levandowski, head of Uber's self-driving program, speaks about their driverless car in San Francisco. In sworn statements filed Friday, March 10, 2017, Waymo, a ... more Photo: Eric Risberg, AP Image 3 of 5 Buy photo The Waymo self-driving car is unveiled at Google's offices in San Francisco, Calif. on Tuesday, Dec. 13, 2016. The Waymo self-driving car is unveiled at Google's offices in San Francisco, Calif. on Tuesday, Dec. 13, 2016. Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 4 of 5 Waymo, the self-driving car business spun out of Google’s parent company, is claiming in a federal lawsuit that Uber is using intellectual property stolen by one of Google’s former project leaders. Waymo, the self-driving car business spun out of Google’s parent company, is claiming in a federal lawsuit that Uber is using intellectual property stolen by one of Google’s former project leaders. Photo: Eric Risberg /Associated Press Image 5 of 5 FILE - In this Sunday, Jan. 8, 2017, file photo, John Krafcik, CEO of Waymo, the autonomous vehicle company created by Google's parent company, Alphabet, introduces a Chrysler Pacifica hybrid outfitted with Waymo's own suite of sensors and radar, at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit. less FILE - In this Sunday, Jan. 8, 2017, file photo, John Krafcik, CEO of Waymo, the autonomous vehicle company created by Google's parent company, Alphabet, introduces a Chrysler Pacifica hybrid outfitted with ... more Photo: Paul Sancya, Associated Press Uber fires back at Waymo in self-driving lawsuit 1 / 5 Back to Gallery Accused of stealing a key sensor for self-driving cars from rival Waymo, Uber argued Friday that it started developing its own lidar months before hiring one of Waymo’s former top engineers. Waymo sued Uber in February, saying that the engineer — Anthony Levandowski — had taken Waymo’s proprietary design for lidar, a laser version of radar that autonomous vehicles use to scan their surroundings. In a long-awaited court filing Friday, Uber said that it uses lidar made by other companies, including Velodyne of Morgan Hill. And while Uber is developing its own lidar, that project started before Levandowski’s arrival and boasts a different design, with four lenses instead of Waymo’s single lens, the company said. “Waymo could not be more wrong, and Uber’s design could not be more different,” the filing reads. Waymo, a division of Google’s parent company Alphabet, has accused Levandowski of downloading 14,000 documents just before leaving the company. Uber claimed Friday that a search of its computers had not found those documents. TOP BUSINESS VIDEOS: Story continues below | Business news first: Sign in for newsletters A Waymo spokeswoman, however, said that Uber still has not searched Levandowski’s computers. “Uber’s assertion that they’ve never touched the 14,000 stolen files is disingenuous at best, given their refusal to look in the most obvious place: the computers and devices owned by the head of their self-driving program,” the spokeswoman said in an email. Levandowski has invoked his constitution right against self-incrimination to avoid providing documents in the case. Uber’s filing says the company “is blocked at this stage from providing an explanation” in response to the allegation that 14,000 files were stolen, because of Levandowski’s assertion of those constitutional rights. ALSO Robot taxi startup Voyage takes on Uber. And Ford. And Tesla. State DMV backs allowing self-driving cars with no human on board The self-driving car’s family tree During a court session this week, Uber lawyers said they had found one allegedly stolen file on a computer belonging to another employee who had previously worked at Google. Waymo wants the federal district judge in the case, William Alsup, to issue an injunction barring Uber from using its proprietary lidar design. The suit, which pits two Bay Area tech giants against each other, has the potential to reshape the race to perfect and use self-driving cars. It also reflects the tangled family tree of the autonomous vehicle industry. Levandowski had been one of the lead researchers in Google’s self-driving car program before leaving in January 2016 to form his own startup, Otto, which focused on self-driving trucks. Uber bought Otto for $680 million in August, merging the startup into its efforts to develop robot taxis. Many companies — including Ford Motor Co., Delphi and Tesla — are pursuing the same idea. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has said that if someone else introduces driverless taxis first, then Uber would be “no longer a thing.” In its filing Friday, Uber argued that an engineer it hired from Carnegie Mellon, Scott Boehmke, started developing Uber’s lidar design in 2015. The company also purchased startup Tyto Lidar, adding its researchers to the lidar development project, which Uber code-named Fuji. While that project is still under way, Uber said in the filing that all of the self-driving cars it has tested so far have used lidar bought from other companies. “To hinder Uber’s continued progress in its independent development of an in-house lidar that is fundamentally different than Waymo’s, when Uber has not used any of Waymo’s trade secrets, would impede Uber’s efforts to remain a viable business, stifle the talent and ingenuity that are the primary drivers of this emerging industry, and risk delaying the implementation of technology that could prevent car accidents,” the filing argues. David R. Baker is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: dbaker@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @DavidBakerSF Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. SYRIA ATTACK Ghastly images of Syrian attack led to Trump about-face Trump's online base is furious about Syrian strikes Russia ups ante by freezing communications with US in Syria US probing: Did Russia take part in chem weapons attack? Pelosi wants House back to discuss Syria attack How members of Congress have reacted to the missile strike LATEST NEWS Diesel fuel, oil leak into SF Bay after winds capsize barge Daylong pizza protest continues at Dolores Park tonight Talk show host Tomi Lahren sues Glenn Beck, The Blaze Driver, passenger try to flee with ferret after hitting USPS... Herrera blasts Pepsi for use of SFPD shield in Jenner ad Man charged with murder in shooting of ex-girlfriend Dismembered body in San Bruno home prompts arrest Hundreds of US airport screeners failed drug tests Prostitute who gave Google exec fatal heroin dose to be deported 'I'm rich. You're hot.' Cold mathematics of sugar daddy dating Gov. Brown declares California drought to be officially over Drought over! Before-after photos show reservoir rise What NOT to do in San Francisco What Millennials do when they visit San Francisco Taylor: East Oakland eviction saga is complex Some displaced by Oakland blaze move from shelter to hotels TODAY'S TOP PICKS 'Big Little Lies' scenes that you can visit in real life Monterey More smokers exist right now than any other time in history Cheerleaders accused of prostitution, underage drinking punished Most Popular 1 Prostitute who gave Google exec fatal heroin dose to be deported 2 Daylong pizza protest continues at Dolores Park tonight 3 Report: College cheerleading team accused of prostitution,... 4 'I'm officially off the Trump Train': Trump's online base is... 5 Baseball-sized spider discovered in Baja California mine 6 Woman claiming to be mermaid has been identified by Fresno police 7 Ghastly images of Syrian attack led to Trump about-face 8 SF Driver tries to flee after colliding with a U.S. Postal truck 9 Texas masturbation bill is now in the hands of the Texas State... 10 Massive snowfall and 130 mph wind gusts slam Sierra during... THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Connect with Snopes TOP TAGS: ASP Articledonald trumpbarack obamahillary clintonNot Necessarily The Newsanimalselection 2016fake newspoliticsmusichoaxesMoviesfacebooksomething for nothingRadio & TVTelevision What’s New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive About FAQ Glossary Contact Random What's New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings About FAQ Glossary Contact Random Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings Get the Newsletter Get in Contact Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Sign up for the Snopes.com newsletter and get daily updates on all the best rumors, news and legends delivered straight to your inbox. cancel Know of a rumor you want investigated? Press related inquiry? Lonely and just want to chat? Select from one of these options to get in touch with us: Submit a Rumor Website Feedback Advertising Inquiry cancel 20 News Technology News Google Adds Fact-Check Info to Search Results The search engine is rolling out a new feature that appends"Fact Check" snippets to news queries. By snopes.com staff Apr 7th, 2017 20 Google is following Facebook in providing fact-check articles with greater visibility in order to help users distinguish misinformation from reliable information. The search engine giant has unveiled a new feature that places “Fact Check” tags and ratings alongside links to articles from recognized fact-checking entities when those articles are included in Google News search results. The search results will include a snippet showing the source of the claim that is being fact-checked, the fact-check entity rating that claim, and the determination of the fact-checker. For example, if you search Google News for info about a woman’s training squirrels to attack her ex-boyfriend, Google will bring up a Snopes article indicating that story to be false: “These fact checks are not Google’s and are presented so people can make more informed judgments,” Google said. “Even though differing conclusions may be presented, we think it’s still helpful for people to understand the degree of consensus around a particular claim and have clear information on which sources agree.” Google is not paying fact-checking organizations for being part of this effort, and a Google spokeswoman said articles tagged with the new fact-check label would not be ranked differently in search results. The company said the label will be reserved for search results regarding addressable public claims of fact and will not be applied to opinions. Snopes Delivered to Your Inbox: Feedback Author: snopes.com staff Featured Image: GongTo / Shutterstock.com Published: Apr 7th, 2017 Hot off the press, straight to your inbox View All Featured Video CrayolatoRetire‘Dandelion’ColoredCrayonDuetoWhiteHousePressure? Fact Check Fake News Apr 5th, 2017 The claim that the White House asked Crayola to drop the "dandelion" crayon because children were using it to create unflattering portraits of President Trump was satire. View All Most Searched 2K Happy April Fool’s Day! News Entertainment News Apr 1st, 2017 Here's a roundup of some of this year's best (or worst) April Fool's Day pranks. 0 Man Found Dead in Belly of Python? News Tragedies Mar 29th, 2017 Police in Indonesia say that a missing man's body was discovered inside a seven-meter-long python. 0 Hillary Clinton Gave 20 Percent of United States’ Uranium to Russia in Exchange for Clinton Foundation Donations? Fact Check Politics Updated Allegations of a "quid pro quo" deal giving Russia ownership of one-fifth of U.S. uranium deposits in exchange for $145 million in donations to the Clinton Foundation are unsubstantiated. 1K Woman Arrested for Training Squirrels to Attack Her Ex-Boyfriend? Fact Check Fake News Apr 3rd, 2017 Reports that a woman was arrested for training squirrels to attack her ex-boyfriend are fake news. 14K Does Melania Trump’s NYC Security Cost Twice the NEA’s Budget? Fact Check Feb 2nd, 2017 One report claimed the cost of protecting the First Lady while she lives in New York City would be around $300 million per year. View All Most Shared 14K Does Melania Trump’s NYC Security Cost Twice the NEA’s Budget? Fact Check Feb 2nd, 2017 One report claimed the cost of protecting the First Lady while she lives in New York City would be around $300 million per year. 23K Chair of House Science Committee Says the Journal ‘Science’ Is Not Objective News Political News Mar 29th, 2017 Chairman Lamar Smith dismissed commentary presented during testimony on climate change because it came from the journal Science — one of the oldest and most prestigious scientific publications in existence. 6K Winston Churchill on the Arts Fact Check Politics Updated Although a statement defending the importance of the arts is frequently attributed to Winston Churchill, the legendary British prime minister never uttered this phrase. 3K Did Evelyn Farkas Just Leak Information Confirming President Obama Spied on President Trump? News Political News Mar 30th, 2017 Evelyn Farkas' 2 March 2017 MSNBC interview was decoupled from its context involving a 1 March 2017 article about efforts to preserve Obama-era intelligence. 2K Happy April Fool’s Day! News Entertainment News Apr 1st, 2017 Here's a roundup of some of this year's best (or worst) April Fool's Day pranks. More from Snopes What’s New Hot 50 Random About Us Fact Check FAQ News Glossary RSS Feed Video Contact Message Board Urban Legends Reference Pages© 1995- by snopes.com | This material may not be reproduced without permission | Snopes and the snopes.com logo are registered service marks of snopes.com Your Email Address Message 
				 OK Your Name Your Email Address Your Friend's Address 
				 OK Copy this http://www.snopes.com/2017/04/07/google-fact-check-tags/ ×
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 38 Share on Twitter Total Shares109 Editorials Nexus 6 Article Contents 1 Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? 2 LineageOS 3 The Good 4 The Not So Good 5 AOSPA (Mostly Dead) 6 The Good 7 The Not So Good 8 Pure Nexus Project 9 The Good 10 The Not So Good 11 OmniROM 12 The Good 13 The Not So Good 14 Dirty Unicorns 15 The Good 16 The Not So Good 17 Etc. 18 Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus As of April 3rd, 2017 the Nexus 6/Shamu has truly reached end of life status. Although we knew it was coming, it seems it was easier to keep the buildbots running until more major changes were made. We’d like to take this time to sit back and reminisce on our fond, and large, memories of the device. Death, however, is not the end, but a new beginning. Or, at least, an excuse for those of us without upgrade fever to move ourselves over to a nice and shiny new ROM. While Google may have given up on on Shamu, some devices just can’t stay down. And there are a few different flavors for your favorite fish out there. Free Willy, or what now to do with your Shamu? We all know what is dead may never die (as long as your kernel sources oblige), but I’m going to operate under the premise that we’ve all made it past denial and bargaining and into acceptance on the sad but inevitable fate of Shamu. Fortunately there are a some options for software going forward detailed below, and it's worth taking the time to sit down and consider exactly what you want and need. An important aside, this should be an informed decision. Installing any other operating systems on your Nexus device will potentially void your (probably already expired) warranty, and the process required to do so can result in a dead device if you make any significant mistakes. Additionally, the security of your device might be more easily compromised, and as a result of that potential liability a number of developers of applications (such as mobile banking apps and some games) do their best to block such devices from using their applications. Unlocking your bootloader, installing a ROM or custom recovery (and rooting, if that's your preference) are all things that should only be done when you understand the steps involved and the risks associated. Remember: a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. Unfortunately, as Google's base AOSP has gotten better, fewer features have been wanted by the sort of power-users that spearhead ROM development. A lot of old projects have fallen by the wayside and the selection has dwindled. LineageOS For those who haven’t followed things, LineageOS is the continuation of the popular CyanogenMod Android ROM, and that is a long and storied history in all regards. It’s been around in commercial and noncommercial forms since 2009, and although its most up-to-date releases (based on Android 7.1.1) are labeled as nightlies they are (mostly) stable. It’s basically a "stock+" ROM based on a blend of the CAF sources released by Qualcomm and Google’s AOSP (the Android Open Source Project handled by Google), but it does have a lot of extra features added in. For those hoping to hang onto their devices for a couple of years while still reaping the benefits of monthly security updates, LineageOS is probably your best bet, and my personal recommendation. Download. The Good Features At this point the LineageOS devs know pretty well what features to include and ignore. So, while it doesn't have quite the selection of random small modifications that some ROMs might, it's got almost everything you could need. Updates LineageOS gets nightly builds (that are actually weekly builds, called nightlies), and usually gets updated to the latest released version of Android after only a short delay. Support Everyone uses LineageOS, so if you run into an issue, odds are someone else has and you'll find a solution or be more likely to get help. Device Selection If you decide you like LineageOS and want to use it on your next phone or tablet, it's very likely to be supported. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. AOSPA (Mostly Dead) AOSPA used to go by the name Paranoid Android and has a shorter history. Their release schedule has also slowed down quite a bit since OnePlus hired a few of the developers. As a result the latest release they have available for Shamu is fairly old, sitting at 6.0.3. For perspective it’s worth noting that 6.0 (Marshmallow) originally came out in 2015, and that AOSPA release didn't land until mid 2016. For the security conscious or those wanting to run the latest versions, the lack of a regular build schedule or nightly release is a significant impediment, but AOSPA has a reputation of stability and an excellent feature set, and historically they were on the bleeding edge of interesting new features and modifications for stock Android. Download. The Good Features As with every ROM you'll get some nice new features, but AOSPA has had some particularly unique ones. Stability They don't do nightlies, each release is intended to be stable. Device Seletion Not as expansive as LineageOS, but most Nexus and OnePlus devices are supported, as well as a handful of other easily unlocked devices. The Not So Good Probably Dead No updates in almost a year, but they could come back. Out of Date Current build is really pretty old, only 6.0.3. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Pure Nexus Project The Pure Nexus Project is only a few years old, but it’s become one of the most popular AOSP-based (based on Google’s open-source android code) distributions for Nexus and Pixel devices, and especially in regards to the Nexus 6. It’s also up to date (Android 7.1.1), and has a good record of receiving regular updates in the past. But it is worth keeping in mind that, compared to LineageOS or AOSPA in its heyday, it is a smaller project. Download. The Good Low-budget Pixel Pure Nexus takes a very Googly approach to their design, porting over a hand-full of features from Pixel devices that you won't see on many other ROMs. Themes One of the few large 7.x ROMs with current theme support via substratum. Volume Control Pre 7.x-type volume controls options. The Not So Good Device Support As the name suggests, it's only really for Nexus/Pixel devices. Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. OmniROM OmniROM is one of the older ones. Created when Cyanogen took things commercial, it historically takes the old-school CM approach to ROM building: whatever fits. Its got an AOSP base and a lot of unique features, but it also takes a bit more of a customized kitchen-sink approach to things. That method of including every possible feature can be overwhelming if you're new to ROMs, but it does offer an unarguable degree of customization. Download. The Good Updates Nightlies! Features Want to customize the precise sensitivity of the Flick2Wake gesture? A Launcher with adjustable grids and hotwords? If an omelet, for you, is an exercise in fitting your entire fridge inside a pan, you'll like OmniROM. Updates Omni sometimes sees updates faster than LineageOS, even. Device Selection OmniROM supports a good number of devices The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but OmniROM has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Dirty Unicorns Dirty Unicorns is old, originally based on AOKP (my all-time favorite historical ROM) but now usually an AOSP/CAF base. It has a slim but still solid number of supported devices, as well two lines of their own GAPPS packages which is kind of insane, and there is a whole lot to love going on with its famous "Dirty-Tweaks." If you thought OmniROM had a lot going on, Dirty Unicorn takes things even further. These guys are prolific and communicative developers, and Dirty Unicorns is probably my 2nd favorite ROM these days behind LineageOS. Just like OmniROM, though, it can be overwhelming for newcomers used to sailing stock on their Shamu. Download. The Good Features Dirty-Tweaks abound, there's a whole lot to customize and change, even people coming from OmniROM might be intimidated. Themes One of the few, if that's your thing. Substratum based. Updates It might not have nightlies, but it gets updated fairly frequently. However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS. Device Seletion Most of the devices on this list are the sort of devices you want if you're into ROMs anyway. The Not So Good Camera Almost no manufacturers open up their camera blobs, binaries, or source, so unless a ROM is based directly off an image for the device you probably won't get the best camera performance. Not For the Faint of Heart Not necessarily a con, but Dirty Unicorns, like OmniROM, has a whole lot going on. (Or, on the plus, it has a whole lot going on.) Etc. There are plenty of other distributions available for the Nexus 6 worthy of note, like Bliss ROM's builds and Ressurection Remix, but many of them are a bit less focused on general use, less frequently updated, or unofficial and unsupported individual projects. For the truly adventurous, however, the options are there, and some have very interesting or unique features. But, be fully prepared for home-made ROMs to have weird bugs, include potential privacy concerns, or to end development at inconvenient times. Spring, Summer, Fall, Dead Nexus Shamu may have reached Autumn in Google's eyes, but it doesn't have to in our hearts. Thankfully you have some choices to make when you're finally ready to put it down and move on. Although, I don't think anyone would blame you for making eyes at a Pixel XL. Again, be sure that you're willing to handle the responsibility and risks involved. I recommend doing things the right (read: long) way. One-click solutions, auto-rooters, and toolboxes should be avoided. If learning to use CMD or bash scares you, you might be better off consigning your Shamu to his watery grave, and instead just buy a new phone. There are resources out there for collaborative help when you need it at places like XDA or reddit, but if you don't know how to pull a log or use ADB and fastboot you're not going to find a lot of sympathy. Education, as always, is key. And, frankly, ADB and fastboot aren't too difficult to learn to use. Tags lineage os nexus 6 rom roms shamu subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed ... Next Story [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Abraham Anyone know of a good stable ROM that is still supporting the Nexus 9? Thanks. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I would say OmniROM. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-9/orig-development/omnirom-pre-weeklies-flounder-t3537414 buxbaum3055 Dirty Unicorns is working fine on mine 7-down PA is a poor excuse of a ROM. They make big announcements and then leave people hanging for years just to come back with promises that they can't keep. P.S. That cover image is awesome! David Ruddock Yeah, we included it because, really, it's one of the few "proper" ROMs still out there for the N6 aside from Lineage and PNP. It's probably pretty stable and maybe some PA fans could still want some PA-specific features. Also, rare possibility somebody doesn't want to up to Nougat, I guess. Devin Rodriguez Truly a whale of a photoshop. Ryne Hager PA's future (or lack thereof) makes me sad, I hope they push some updates. Michael Weisberg Have you....used a Nexus 6 recently? Camera performance on this phone is notoriously bad, so most custom ROMs probably have BETTER camera performance than stock. Also, why would you recommend a Marshmallow ROM that isn't being developed anymore? Kenneth Porter I think he was just trying to give the lay of the land as opposed to recommending mx3 "Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world" Devin Rodriguez It's out of date for sure, but it's still a good ROM. Jesse Lee No... no it's not, that's the point. It WAS a good ROM, on devices pre N6. What's the title of the article again. Sophia <-We are glad to inform you that we have launched Online/Offline part time work program. Company is running since 2006. Since the introduction of our Program each and every Indian started to earn some little income through Internet by doing simple data entry at home. This is not a get riches program. If you want to work in part time from home and if you want to earn some extra money from home, then you can join. No Skills necessary. Work from your computer, Laptop or Mobile. If you are interested, then join.➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS marcusmarcus2 While I agree, it seems odd to include it in the list, he actually only recommended LineageOS, he never recommended any others. Per the article in regards to Lineage "my personal recommendation" Ryne Hager Yeah, the camera is pretty terrible, but even so I figured if anyone used this to make a decision about another device it was worth including. Tim R. NX Camera makes it bearable again. But it will be a lovely day when I can upgrade to something with a better camera. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I'm a big fan of OmniROM. It doesn't get the attention of some of the others, but it's been stable for me, and gets great battery life. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6/orig-development/rom-omni-rom-t2968425 Ryne Hager Omni info is up! balthazar Omni is really great. More people should check it out Marty I just use LineageOS on my N6. But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum and ask about support for any device not already listed....lol. It's an unforgivable sin and you will face wrath. 😉 Carson Saldanha Bet you've had personal experience in that, haven't you? 😂 Marty It's how I know the flavor of wrath it brings...lol keithzg But whatever you do, don't go to the LineageOS Reddit forum FTFY ;) Davin Peterson LineageOS is available several older unsupported Nexus devices such as the 2013 Nexus 7. It works well on my 2013 Nexus 7. h4rr4r There are unofficial builds for even the 2012 N7. I have one at the office that works ok. Ernie Manning Been on Pure Nexus since I found out the developer was making ROMs for it. (He was making ROMs for the Note 2 previously as well) I have tried other ROMs but keep coming back to it as it is the most stable. Carson Saldanha How close is the UI to stock? I just want a ROM that's up-to-date and stock. T4rd It's just like using a Pixel, basically. Doesn't get much more stock than that. Carson Saldanha Sweet, do you recommend it over Lineage OS? T4rd I can't personally speak towards Lineage, as I've never used it. Because the last year I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P, it hasn't given me any reason to try another ROM. Carson Saldanha Ok, thanks man. 👌 Ernie Manning I would recommend over any ROM. If you look on the XDA Developers page for it you can see it has the most users. Kyle Lyles 100% in agreement with you. Jesse Lee Ahhh... it's Pure Nexus, says it all. (Pure Pixel technically now) robert lemons jr Man where is Dirty Unicorns? Ryne Hager I'll def add Dirty Unicorns, expect it. Grojnak Yeah!! DU is the best ROM out there ddevito I love my Op3 in every way, but I do miss my Shamu's screen. I also miss how legendary it felt in my hands, it was a well designed tank. Marty I bet you had a hard time carrying it, though...as little as you are. 😋 Ryne Hager Shamu nestled so nice in the palm. But I definitely don't miss the inaccurate colors on it, way over-saturated. The OP3 has that sweet sweet sRGB calibrated mode. Latheryin You missed dirty unicorns which was the first to release 7.1.2 for the shamu. Also most of the bugs you mention are only in Rome based of LOS/CM. Rudresh Please share some for the N7 2013 too, pretty please! R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Some one yesterday was reporting Nexus 6 getting Android O was confirmed by Google. waloody88 i also read it, but it was from just one source. probably fake. Carson Saldanha #fakenews someone755 You mention Pure Nexus and RR but no Carbon or Omni. Great work, you just lost any credibility in regards to custom ROMs. marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/frowny_face_supernatural.gif someone755 Make jokes all you want, but when you're done I'd advise you to read up on RR and PN. marcusmarcus2 I'll never be done but http://i.imgur.com/xpk30mU.gif Nate What's wrong with PN someone seems a little salty, David said the scope of the article was near stock experience... marcusmarcus2 The article even says "the options are there" with a link to a ton of different ROMs for it. Going through the list, I see Carbon and OMNI ROMs. So he covered it well enough. Alex Cruz Yeah I want to know what exactly is wrong with PN. I mean I could see the knock on RR but if we're talking about near stock experience, I don't see the beef there with PN. Not unless you're a salty mofo because you're on a zombie ROM (Carbon) Ryne Hager Omni isn't bad, but it can be a bit kitchen sink and I've had some stability issues with it in the past. However, that's a legit point, I'll add Omni in. Carson Saldanha For a new writer, you're getting quite the bit of harsh criticism. Sucks. 🤷‍♂️ Devin Rodriguez He can take it. He's a strong independent writer who don't need no comments! marcusmarcus2 That's right. Plus he seems very responsive in the comments anyway, not taking any of the comments poorly. Hey @ryne_hager:disqus https://media.tenor.co/images/d1bcd7be62c1f27d4e6978ad3cd2ab29/tenor.gif Devin Rodriguez I like you with the gifs, and all from Supernatural I just realized. marcusmarcus2 Well shucks http://i1255.photobucket.com/albums/hh640/mimajki/Feedback%20gifs%202/tumblr_m42wgjg6E11qgtbrgo7_r2_250.gif Miku is Best Vocaloid You missed "sassy". Devin Rodriguez By gum you are right! Edited! Ryne Hager No worries, that's part of how it works. And really, I should have included Omni, it was an oversight that was later supplemented. Really, I'm just happy to get to work on stuff I enjoy. Biff Wonsley Probably outside the scope of this offering, but you can also get some extra functionality & options using alternative kernels. Kyle Lyles Pure Nexus with Franco's kernel is an excellent combo. 11 hrs of decent use on my N6 Knowledgeborn Allah RIP to the Nexus 6... Kyle Lyles Nothing out there that makes me want to migrate elsewhere. I'm likely to go to an iPhone 8+ after 9 yrs with Android and 8 yrs with Palm before that.Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard it all... Knowledgeborn Allah Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I spent 6 years on Android, primarily with Nexus devices, and last year I bought an iPhone 7+. Now, I still like Android, and I have a Pixel XL, which is a decent device; but I'd say that getting an iPhone was one of the best decisions I've made. I'm not saying the iPhone changed my life or anything (LOL), but it's turned out to be the best smartphone I've ever purchased. There's nothing wrong with checking out other stuff, and if you like it, use it. Fanboyism is played out. Тарас Мукин PureNexus is the best choice, I think. I use it on my Xiaomi as well and I love how I don't have to deal with all the stuff like GApps, kernels, theme (I love Pixel's blue), setting up or updating. Maybe it is not the best in all the aspects, but it is easy and it works. Carson Saldanha Could you define "not the best in all the aspects"? What's the cons you've experienced? Тарас Мукин I mean some small stuff. Additional customization options are basic, some ROMs can offer bizzare levels if changing everything. Some other ROMs (or other kernels) can squeeze out more battery life. Others sacrifice all that to bring speed. And some people want some of this stuff. But it always comes with a price of stability and simplicity of installation — so I prefer PireNexus. For example my previous ROM had "snartbar" instead of regular navbar. Different animations for button pressing, gesture mode (1 button and swipes), themes for other stuff — but 1 in 10 apps didn't understand it. Telegram was just breaking on some screens with this "smartbar", and buttons weren't even pressing correctly a lot of times. Now I have simple Pixel navbar — but it freaking works. Carson Saldanha Thanks for the info man! 👌 T4rd Indeed, I've been running Pure Nexus ROM on my 6P for the last year I've had it and couldn't ask for any more in a ROM. Performance, stability, and battery life are as good, if not better than stock, and the additional tweaks and options are pretty nice. Carson Saldanha Guys, LineageOS or Pure Nexus Project? I want something that's up-to-date and as close to stock as possible, but I also want it stable. Which do you recommend for my N6? Trav Montana I still have mine , jumped to the 6P last October and been happy with ever since. At first tho I did miss the buig screen size but got use to the slightly smaller screen. On a side note I really wished Google would've came out with bigger Nexus 5 since that was my favorite Nexus phone til date :( iFeign I'm hoping somebody creates a ROM like Fake Nexus for the N4, which is just compiled from source and can be sideloaded like an official OTA. Devin Rodriguez ITT: People are upset about their ROM of choice not being mentioned. Alex Cruz OnePlus 3T is the best! magnamentis i'm quite sure that you did not run so many of the roms you mentioned yourself recently and none of the unmentioned. i on the other hand have used all the roms you've mentioned and a few more and can definitely not agree with almost anything in your article and that's quite rare. i really like to comment on good stuff as some of your fellow authors know but this is no seriously and thorougly elvaluated. to recommend lineage which is the base for most other custom roms means that any stable custom rom that is based on linage but has more and at times very useful features is better than lineage because it has all that lineage has + what i said. the best maintained over the last few years, most devices as well as dedicated core team that brings the base to a stable state (including add-ons) often within no time and that is clearly ResurrectionRemix and before the heads left bliss, bliss was once on par for one season. mentioning a dead (for long) rom on second position is ( won't say but nothing good comes to my mind and they failed dearly on Oneplus development as well ) however i have no fixed preference but after using dozens of roms on dozens of devices and at a very sophisticated and loaded level, including xposed and the likes before nougat, i can say that over the last 4 years i switched on device after another (currently 6 active) to RR, always keeping an eye on alternatives and cataclysm for N5 and N6 was king. Steven Murphy WTF no OmniROM mention???? jibust Another vote for OmniROM. Truly the most stable of the 7.1.1 roms. Ryne Hager Legit omission on my part, it's added. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) I'd suggest a ROM like Dirty Unicorns...you'll get Android 7.1.2 :) Ryne Hager Hey now, we've got kids here. Don't tempt them with that, they're liable to become ROM crazed monsters if you start them out on the hard stuff. Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Tempt them with what ? ^^ A nice ROM ? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) DU is AOSP based btw :) Ryne Hager Did they cut the CAF inherited from OMNI? Ryne Hager Yup, looks like the switched to CAF from Omni on L, I'll correct. balthazar Where is Slim btw? Alex Cruz Oh look another Zombie ROM! Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) A ROM that stole Substratum doesnt deserve a spot on the list :) balthazar oh, is that still going on? I thought things have been settled? Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Its been settled...but they still did it you know :) balthazar I don't know what they do or don't do as I don't use Slim. If everything's settled there shouldn't be any more hard feelings, you know Simon Schürrle (SitiSchu) Well when someone said that they stole it they denied it and said that they wrote it themselves...they are shamelss liars :) balthazar Well this sucks lol 30014 When I was a kid watching free willy, the scene this post is riffing on brought tears to my eyes. When the Michael Jackson song started playing I really felt it. keithzg I'm just going to take this opportunity to lament that the phones Google has released since have had progressively smaller displays. Hell, the Pixel XL is small enough screen-wise that if my 6P dies and I have to upgrade to it I might end up carrying a tablet around again! If only the 6 had had a fingerprint scanner where they originally intended, and the camera hadn't been so goddamn slow, I would have been sorely tempted to fork out for a replacement screen rather than just slapping a screen protector on it when it cracked and giving it to my flatmate whose Nexus 5 finally gave up the ghost (well, stopped being able to use the cellular radio, which made it just a very small wifi tablet, heh). Bewear It's nice to see you guys giving custom ROMs some love :) Ryne Hager Oh my god it's a Pokemon. Bewear Well, it happens that we can install custom ROMs too. Geoff Johnson I would disagree with the camera. On phones from Samsung, LG, HTC, etc. that have their own camera software, there usually is a large difference in camera performance, but on stock Android phones like Nexus/Google, there is rarely any negative difference regarding the camera. Ryne Hager For the N6 you are exactly right. And for other devices it depends on whether they use any closed-source secret sauce to parse photos. I really just wanted to include the mention of it, since it does have an effect on devices using closed binaries, for anyone who might use this outside it's intended Shamu-related purpose. Indefinite Implosion Anyone know the best nexus-like ROM for Nexus 4 now that fake nexus has stopped being updated? DanSan Still rocking my Nexus 6… I hate to see it go but its age is definitely showing. Apps are slow as hell, camera is horrible too. Really wish they'd make a new version just like it but looks like I'm switching to the GS8+ Ryne Hager Man, have you seen the screen on that thing? 1000 nits and all those calibrated color spaces, it's super exciting. DanSan Oh hell yeah I did. I fell in love. Got to play with them the day after it was announced. Samsung rep at Best buy let me have fun before he put them on display https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/22f6785bd8af78d427f6eb1464b6114bb93a161258becc9c5becd893436fe11f.jpg Ryne Hager Man, I'd be all over one of those, but I'm a junkie for easily unlocked bootloaders. Plus, that price is painful. Grojnak You say about Dirty Unicorns: "However, expect a larger delay at major version releases compared to OmniROM or LineageOS." Well, today they released their version 11.3, based on Android 7.1.2, only 4 days after Google. Any other rom (neither your beloved Lineage) did that. tehboogieman Can I suggest doing a similar article for Hammerhead? pointman_12 pure nexus is a great rom...i was on chroma until the dev stopped supporting it...glad PN is around...will use my N6 until it dies or PN is gone...i'm cheap... JustAnotherG Meh, GZR ROMs ignored while PA is included? Tipsy, Tesla and Validus are all up to date and updated regularly, and all are full OMS, stop showing favoritism, Android Police. Char G Dn Bro a bricked device isn’t the worst case scenario, the really bad things just start there. This line is funny to me. I totally agree with it to just the other day I went to update my phone ROM and accidentally wiped internal memory along with everything else. I had never done that before. It was quite the adventure learning how to fix that one. Kyle Lyles Almost impossible to truly brick an Android. I've tried every way possible, couldn't do it. SVTCobra Really only happens to developers trying to hack around things like locked bootloaders. They do a good job of releasing relatively safe software. TomCos My N6 is almost as unusable as my N4 was after 3 years. Not sure I really understand why either.... Kyle Lyles And what makes it unusable? Jesse Lee AOSPA... seriously? Lost credibility immediately throwing that in here at all. GZR, Nitrogen, AOSiP, Cyanide, list goes on and on before mentioning PA in the same sentence with N6. Dan Gwinn Do these alternate ROMs fully support Project Fi? Tamil Not entirely relevant to this article, but the best custom ROM experience I got was with my Nexus 5, and the ROM was developed by psychopompos. Tried a hell lot of custom ROMs with different nexuses, but that guy was awesome, he developed a super smooth, stable ROM that even put the stock ROM into shame. Too bad that he chose a different driection. There always be different developers who do phenomenal job on building ROMs and may not get the attention they deserve. So, it is in a way crude to list out a few ROMs and get the attention only to them. I don't say those ROMs are bad, infact I'm using purenexus in my 6p, but quite a lot of users may think like these are their only options, which is not fair IMO. Anyways, talking about customs ROMs in AP, it's a good head start, may be you can start a section like ROM of the week or ROM of the month or conduct polls for favourite ROMs, that may help a few good developers to come into notice. RNTMPX It's the most beautiful Nexus phone ever build! I think that's the way a phone should looks like. A phone for MENS! Roh_Mish I remember KitKat AOSPA 4.99RC2. the most stable ROM I'd had on my nexus 4. Chris sorry. just to clarify, will Lineage roll out a stable 7.1.2 ROM for nexus 6? It's kind of hard to believe that Google rolled it out then downgraded everyone instead of supporting their device. I was looking into LiquidSmooth (maybe called LiquidDark now) awhile back but it looks like it's stopped development. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 120 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 23 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.360s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
  Saturday, April 08, 2017   Read in Myanmar | Subscribe Now Myanmar Times Home National News Nay Pyi Taw Yangon Mandalay & Upper Myanmar In Brief Business Technology Property News Pulse Dining Travel What's On Fiction Chronicles of Bei Ka Street A Study in Saffron A Scent of Scandal The Pickled Blend The Mystery of the Silver Spoon The Adventure of the Devil’s Toyshop The Adventure of the Great Bell of Magwe Lady Don't Fall Backwards Sports Myanmar Open Golf Martial Arts Opinion In Depth Special Features Thingyan 2017 EduCentre Food & Entertainment Christmas & New Year's 2016 Travel Myanmar 2016 Banking & Finance 2016 IT & Telecommunications Food & Drink Weddings 2016 Healthy Living 2016 IT & Electronics Health Election 2015 In Pictures Panglong By-Election Jobs Making the virtual a reality By Catherine Trautwein   |   Monday, 26 January 2015 Tweet A meetup for technology tinkerers called “makers” at Phandeeyar last week showed attendees another world through Google-developed goggles made of cardboard. A man stares into another world through Google Cardboard goggles, pictured above. Photo: Catherine Trautwein Software industry vet and part-time “maker” Jim Powers brought his Google Cardboard “low-cost virtual reality goggles” by the downtown innovation lab on January 22. Though Myanmar’s makers might not currently have the resources to construct their own virtual realities, a glimpse at the technology sparked ideas about how it be used here. Virtual reality technology seems to be coming of age this year, Mr Powers said. Perhaps the industry’s best-known brand, Oculus Rift, started as a project crowd funded on Kickstarter and ended up acquired by Facebook for US$2 billion last year. And though companies like Sony and Oculus Rift have emphasised the tech’s potential impact for gaming, its possibilities seem as endless as the worlds developers choose to create. “A teacher could have their students looking through the human body,” Mr Powers said. “There’s talk of, say, a surgeon in the UK performing surgery by robotics on somebody in Kenya. They’ve got the VR goggles on, that’s [as if] they’re there, they can look around the surgery.” Google Cardboard’s goggle recipe calls for magnets, lenses, cardboard, an NFC tag and smartphone. The California-based giant doesn’t sell the gear for making the goggles, but instead makes the plans available for building them. Mr Powers got his set from a kit sold through a third party, which cost about $20. Though he bought a kit, Mr Powers said users could DIY the goggles. “The exciting thing is, it’s a phone and a piece of cardboard,” he said. He also said Google Cardboard began as one of the search giant’s “20 percent” projects – meaning employees devoted one day a week to the initiative as a passion project. Now, the firm has a team behind its development and upward of 500,000 goggles have been put together, he continued. Google Developer Group Yangon community manager Ko Ye Lin Aung, who attended the event, said acquiring equipment constrained what people can do in Myanmar. “Even this technology is not widely available yet,” he said. “For right now, it’s a little bit hard to get some accessories especially for this country.” “Another thing is that people here don’t really appreciate technology yet because we don’t have any proof of how it can help. You can use software or you can hire two people, which is cheaper,” he laughs. What goggles become capable of can hinge on their availability, according to Mr Powers. “As these VR goggles become cheaper and more available and the tools to develop the software become available, then you’ll start seeing more creative things and they’ll be more accepted,” Mr Power said. He sees potential use cases for VR tech in Myanmar for tourism or conservation. Ko Ye Lin Aung also spoke about travelling via Google Cardboard, specifically by capturing Shwedagon Pagoda through special pictures that would yield an immersive view of the sacred Buddhist site. “You feel that surrounding. It’s totally like you are there,” he said. “The future is virtual reality, because you don’t necessarily have to go to somewhere just because you want to see it.” Virtual reality technology could also link people as much as places. Kids across continents could become VR pals rather than pen pals, Mr Powers said. “You could have educational sharing with other countries,” he said. “People aren’t really aware of what’s going on here, and [people in Myanmar] have been living in their own world here for so long, and it would open up for them.” Most Read - Business Annual list of top taxpayers shows payments rising No hike in petrol price during Thingyan: MPTA Rice exports falter on illicit China trade Furniture design competition to bolster innovation Commerce ministry cracks down on unreported export earnings Tender planned for $2b Yangon-Mandalay railway upgrade No profits or share dividends for YBPC yet Technology an indispensable force for Yangon’s urbanisation Future business centre languishes as a plant nursery awaiting plan approval Asia World opens new Yangon airport terminal Most Read - Technology Yoma Bank’s digital payments service to start soon MPT may open more service shops Web portal to be ready in June Internet crawls due to fibre cuts Myanmar’s fourth telco gets licence at last Silicon Valley school comes to Yangon Telenor CEO talks data consumption, competition and reinvestment Broken cable means slow(er) internet this month HTC phones to go on sale Digicel sells Myanmar Tower Company to Malaysian group Latest Technology News Only a week left to register SIM Mytel to target rural areas and compete on price Myanmar’s fourth telco gets licence at last Farmers reap rewards from 3D printing Fourth telco hoping to get licence for Christmas Too perfect? When perfectionism becomes a problem Communications ministry eyes March for next spectrum auction Telenor CEO talks data consumption, competition and reinvestment Yoma sells tower firm stake for US$35m Ooredoo reduces Myanmar losses Copyright © 2017 The Myanmar Times. All rights reserved. Home National News Business The Pulse Sports Opinion In Depth Special Features In Pictures Nay Pyi Taw Yangon Mandalay and Upper Myanmar Property News Technology What's On Travel Dining About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Subscriptions Facebook Twitter Work With Us
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu OVERMIND Google is testing a way for its AI to learn from your phone’s data while protecting your privacy Written by Dave Gershgorn Obsession Machines with Brains April 07, 2017 Go go Google phone AI. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Share Written by Dave Gershgorn Obsession Machines with Brains April 07, 2017 Google is a powerful player in the development of artificial intelligence partly because of the massive amount of data it can access. When you sign up to use the company’s free services you agree to allow it to use your data in limited ways, giving Google more than a billion ever-growing sources of data from Gmail alone. In order for its AI to learn, Google typically needs that data on its servers—often referred to as “the cloud.” But a new technique allows Google to deputize a user’s phone, which learns from the user’s actions and then sends a summary of what it’s learned to Google servers. The company is currently testing the idea through the search function in Gboard, the Android phone keyboard, so it can better learn how people use the service and share information. A February paper published by Google on the method says it falls in line with a 2012 suggestion from the White House, which was meant to limit the amount of data collected by companies on its users. With this approach, Google can still train its AI without needing to have your data on its server, whether that be the words your type in a keyboard or your photos. Let’s use a metaphor to understand how it works: Say you had a baking company with a lot of branches and a main office. The main office gives all your bakers across the country a recipe to work from: some flour, water, salt, yeast. The recipe represents Google’s AI algorithm. But your bakers are an experimental bunch, always learning from making bread each day. In Google’s old model, you’d have all the bakers in one place, at the main office. It’s easy to learn from the baker’s day-to-day experiments, but the bakers can’t talk to anybody eating their bread to see what they like. But using the new technique, the bakers can all work from their respective branches around the country, and just email a short list of the changes they’ve made. Those changes are then all considered by the main office and an updated recipe is eventually sent to all the bakers. Not only does this save Google from having to gather and store data on its servers, but the list of changes to the recipe is smaller than if all the information was sent back and forth. Furthermore, the way these updates are sent means that the office doesn’t know who is sending which recipes, making it private. In the real world, Google was able to do this by building a streamlined version of its AI learning platform, TensorFlow, and installing it along with Gboard. The user’s phone does the learning, and then sends an encrypted message of the changes it made to Google’s servers. That data is mixed together with all the other users’ data, after already being anonymized by the encryption progress, which is used to update the master algorithm. All the original data never leaves the phone, which protects the user’s privacy, but Google still gets to improve its AI. Some data is already stored in the cloud, so Google doesn’t need to use this method for everything, but it’s a way for the company to be a little more considerate when using your data. Since it’s using your phone as an extension of its server, Google was careful to program when the learning and uploading took place: It only happens when the phone is not being used, plugged in, and on a free wireless connection, according to the company blog. This way there should be no battery drainage or data usage. Google sees a lot of opportunity in this method, and plans to expand it to learn how people type and what kind of photos people look at, delete, and share. Most Popular Here’s the best way to guess correctly on a multiple choice test Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [March 2017] Yesterday GOOG: 824.67 -3.21 LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Ben Schoon - Apr. 7th 2017 10:44 am PT @NexusBen Feature Android LG LG G6 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit LG hasn’t had a good year in a long time. The LG G4 was good, but was overshadowed by the Galaxy S6. The LG G5 was, well, simply not very good at all. The LG V10 was solid, as was the V20, but they just didn’t sell. Now, we’re at the LG G6, the company’s first truly great phone in quite some time… The best gifts for Android users LG’s take on “Bezel-Light” is fantastic The first thing you need to talk about with the LG G6 is absolutely its display. LG’s new “FullVision” display is a 5.7-inch, QHD panel with an 18:9 aspect ratio. While 5.7-inches sounds big, it’s not unwieldy on the G6 since the bezels have been trimmed along every side. It’s not as jaw-dropping as the Galaxy S8, but it’s very good-looking and functional too. In terms of size, the G6 is more compact compared than other handsets like the Pixel XL, making the larger screen easy to handle, and even improving grip thanks to the skinnier overall size. However, that display doesn’t come without its issues. For one, not all apps take advantage of the extra real estate, and some don’t play well with it. LG tries to combat this, but really, developers are responsible to fix it (and thankfully that’s something Google is pushing heavily). Then, there’s the fact that the taller display makes certain things harder. This is especially true in two areas ─ hamburger menus and the notification bar. While the former isn’t really that big of an issue, accessing the notification tray is. LG again combats this by offering a button on the navigation bar to pull down the tray, which helps, but I would have much rather seen a gesture like on the Google Pixel. The 18:9 aspect ratio also means that when you’re using multi-window, the G6 splits them into two equal squares which feels extremely natural and offers up more room compared to a standard screen. It’s a nice touch for multi-tasking which I quite like. It’s all about the hardware, for me at least Since I started using the LG G6, there’s been one thing that stands out above all else: its hardware. LG has nailed it in this department, with a metal and glass build that feels solid in the hand with no issues in grip ─ something I can rarely say about phones with a glass back. I used the phone both in and out of a case, and for the first time when using a phone with a glass back, I can actually say that I prefer the feeling without the case. The unit I tested was black with a gray frame, and I can’t express enough how solid this hardware is. The metal frame makes the phone look thicker than it is, but that’s not a bad thing. Its almost perfect thickness allows the phone to sit in my hand without any fear of dropping it. I do have to note, though, that as is the case with glass back phones, especially dark ones like this — this phone is a fingerprint magnet. You’ll be wiping it off pretty regularly if you pick up the black model, although the other options do conceal this a bit better. One other thing to note is that, despite the use of Gorilla Glass 5, the back of this phone can still scratch, and it can do so fairly easily, so be careful. Along the top is the headphone jack (with no DAC in the US), the power buttons are along the side, and along the bottom edge, you’ll find the single speaker and USB-C port. It’s simple, and solid. LG has simply built a great smartphone when it comes to hardware, and I absolutely love it. The software is… fine, but performance isn’t In my review of the LG V20, I gave LG credit for developing a solid overall software experience, and not much has changed on the LG G6. Just like on the V20, the G6 comes out of the box with Android Nougat with LG’s skin over top. For the most part, LG’s skin is good, with several big elements from stock Android left in. However, that’s really all that’s there. There’s just nothing particularly special about this software. Of course, there are the typical LG features, like Q-Slide, but most of them are pretty pointless if you ask me. Some things come in handy, like Knock Code (which lets you unlock the phone when the screen is off) but overall there’s just nothing special here. In a way, that’s a good thing, since it shows that LG has really trimmed back on the software front, let Google’s efforts shine through a bit more, and focused its attention on more important things. But there’s not really any user experience-enhancing software experiences here, and that’s definitely not going to help draw in the average consumer. Then, there’s the unfortunate fact that, despite the trimmed back software from LG, performance hasn’t gotten any better… at all. The LG G6 had decent performance out of the box, but in just over a week of daily use, that has already degraded, which doesn’t give me any confidence on how this phone will age. Lag is apparent throughout the UI and everything feels a bit slow compared to other phones. Many will point toward the Snapdragon 821 as the problem here, but I highly doubt that’s the case. Rather, I’d point the finger at LG’s simple lack of attention given to optimizing the phone. Just like there’s nothing new here, it feels like optimization wasn’t paid enough attention to. It just feels like my unit is still on pre-release software, even though it’s not. The LG G6 is also the first phone to come out of the box with Google Assistant (outside of the Pixel), which would have been awesome, if Google hadn’t rolled out the functionality to basically every other phone ahead of the G6’s launch. Battery life is shockingly good, all things considered… One of the big things that concerned me leading up to the G6’s launch was its potential battery stats. LG has packed an impressive 5.7-inch display in this phone, but under the hood, there’s a mere 3,300 mAh power pack. Just looking at the footprint of this phone alone, that would be a massive battery, but considering the size, it’s really not. Despite that, the LG G6 pulls pretty solid results. Personally, I’m not a super heavy smartphone user simply due to the fact that the majority of my day is spent writing at a computer. However, I was given the chance to put the LG G6 through some stress tests on a trip to New York City. Over the course of an 18-hour day, the G6 provided me with enough battery to get through most of the day, with one quick charge in the car to ensure I’d make it to the end of the day. Over the course of an 18-hour day (6:30am to 11pm), the G6 provided me with enough battery to get through most of the day, with one quick charge in the car to ensure I’d make it to the end of the day. During that day, I used the phone for taking pictures, firing off messages, using social media, and various other tasks, including a few hotspot sessions. By about 3pm I was down to about 40%, and charged it up to 60% which I then finished the day on. Personally, I was happy with those results, and standard day-to-day usage matched up with this for the most part. So, in summary, battery life is pretty solid on the LG G6, and you’ll likely be happy with it. It’s also worth noting that LG has included wireless charging on the US variant of the LG G6, something I enjoyed. While, granted, fast wireless charging isn’t available, the simple act of using the wireless charging method of your choice is a nice addition, as was Quick Charge 3.0. I’ll never get over the wide-angle camera, but it’s still not flawless One of my favorite things about using LG smartphones is the camera. Since the LG G5 the company has been using a dual-camera system that uses one standard sensor backed up by a wide-angle option which can capture much more of the scene without moving the phone. It’s extremely handy, and in the G6, these two sensors finally match up in quality for the most part. Overall, both sensors are pretty good. Stills taken from either lens in a well-lit area are pretty solid, and while low-light isn’t great, it’s good enough for most users. However, this isn’t exactly what you’d find in the Google Pixel or in one of Samsung’s flagships. It’s a good camera, but it’s not perfect by any means. This is especially true in video, where the primary sensor takes decent video, but the wide-angle sensor, which is very useful in video, takes less than stellar shots. The biggest issue is the lack of stabilization in that lens, which turns a handheld shot into a mess. LG’s camera app is pretty great. It’s easy to use and presents full manual controls both in stills and video, a huge plus for anyone looking for a bit more control over their shot. The camera app also includes a camera roll (disabled by default for some reason) that can take up the added screen real estate and give you a live view of your previously taken photos in the viewfinder. It’s a nice touch which makes sense given LG’s new display. The little things Speaker & audio quality LG has put a focus on audio quality in the past year, but it doesn’t really give the same love to the G6. The 32-bit DAC I adored in the LG V20 is limited to certain regions only, and the speaker, while loud, isn’t anything special and is easily muffled. The standard audio jack on the US model is solid overall, though. Fingerprint sensor As usual, LG has its fingerprint sensor on the back of the G6 which doubles as a power button. The interaction here feels natural, and the sensor itself is quick and reliable. Waterproofing The LG G6 also packs an IP68 rating for water and dust resistance. This probably isn’t something you’ll use on the daily, but it will certainly come in handy if you want to take pictures in the pool or jam out to some music in the shower. LG also says that the phone can handle a drop or two, and it certainly feels like it could. Colors The LG G6 is available in a few colors, but really, I can only recommend the black one. While yes, the other colors will conceal fingerprints better, they also eliminate the illusion of a bezel-less display since the front panel’s color matches the back. It’s a minor thing, but it’s something that even Samsung understands on the S8, so I’m not sure why LG decided to use colors in this case. Final Thoughts Overall, the LG G6 isn’t the perfect phone, nor is it the best I’ve tried in a while. It’s a great phone, but that’s about it. For now, it’s worth mentioning, however, that it’s the only phone you can buy that brings the mostly-bezel-less display experience. As you probably know, that’s going to change soon. The hardware is fantastic (including its awesome 18:9 display), and the cameras are solid, but the overall software performance really knocks this phone down a lot for me personally. LG could fix this in software updates, but given the company’s track record, I’m not counting on that. If you pick up the LG G6, I don’t think you’ll be disappointed with it, in fact, you’ll probably be quite happy with it. LG did a lot of good things with the G6, however, I don’t think this is a phone worth rushing to the store to buy, at least not right now. Where to buy LG G6 at Verizon LG G6 at AT&T LG G6 at T-Mobile LG G6 at B&H Photo LG G6 at Best Buy Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide LG View THe Guide LG G6 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Just In 7mins Digital release limits Shia LaBeouf’s 'Man Down' to one ticket 29mins Stockholm attack: Arrested man is suspected culprit, say police 39mins Kamal Haasan narrowly escapes fire tragedy 1hr Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina accorded ceremonial welcome 1hr Increase Palk Bay patrol, Sri Lanka tells India 1hr Indian shot dead in Washington robbery 2hrs Airstrikes on Syria might also send message to North Korea 2hrs Puducherry power tussle: All-party delegation may meet Modi over recalling Kiran Bedi 2hrs 40 survive vessel collision in Myanmar river 3hrs Vellore CMC doctors perform life-saving surgery on unborn baby Communal tension hit for a six in Udupi Opposition seeks apology from Naqvi SC seeks response on plea for reining in cow vigilantes Curb violence on Rohingyas, India tells Myanmar North India to get DNA bank for wildlife Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Using technology to engage citizens, solve hard problems Share On JUST IN 7mins Digital release limits Shia LaBeouf’s 'Man Down' to one ticket 29mins Stockholm attack: Arrested man is suspected culprit, say police 39mins Kamal Haasan narrowly escapes fire tragedy 1hr Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina accorded ceremonial welcome 1hr Increase Palk Bay patrol, Sri Lanka tells India 1hr Indian shot dead in Washington robbery 2hrs Airstrikes on Syria might also send message to North Korea 2hrs Puducherry power tussle: All-party delegation may meet Modi over recalling Kiran Bedi 2hrs 40 survive vessel collision in Myanmar river 3hrs Vellore CMC doctors perform life-saving surgery on unborn baby Communal tension hit for a six in Udupi Opposition seeks apology from Naqvi SC seeks response on plea for reining in cow vigilantes Curb violence on Rohingyas, India tells Myanmar North India to get DNA bank for wildlife CLOSE Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Data Point: ceasefire violations at LoC News Cities Mumbai Mumbai Using technology to engage citizens, solve hard problems Shreya Ramachandran April 07, 2017 23:26 IST Updated: April 07, 2017 23:26 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Harnessing technology: Lalitesh Katragadda addresses the audience at a seminar held in Mumbai on Friday.   Shreya Ramachandran April 07, 2017 23:26 IST Updated: April 07, 2017 23:26 IST more-in Founder of Google Mapmaker stresses on need for platforms that encourage people to help themselves with technology Mumbai: Today, Google Maps is ubiquitous in India, having created a comprehensive database that maps not just cities, but smaller, rural areas, and the roads and places that network through them. It has proven to be a successful model across India. But the process of creating this started very simply. “It was just about creating the basic outline — the major roads running through the city, a few major lakes — and then people filled the rest in themselves,” says Lalitesh Katragadda, who was one of the founders of Google Mapmaker, and established Google operations in India. Mr. Katragadda realised that India could be mapped because its citizens would respond strongly and fill in areas of their own communities themselves. The model is simple, Mr. Katragadda says. “It is visual, it is responsive to Indians in their own languages, and it is customisable.” Overcoming obstacles When Google Mapmaker launched in 2008, it seemed impossible to map developing countries because of their size and complexity. Mr. Katragadda was convinced it was possible. It is this same concept — what Mr. Katragadda calls “people helping themselves with technology” — that he believes can solve the problems India faces today. He delivered a talk in Mumbai on Friday at the ongoing INK and Deloitte SingularityU Summit about how India can leapfrog the obstacles to its development. Healthcare, education and public services can all use technology and citizens’ input, he said. What if you could create an online education system where a mother, even though she is illiterate, can teach her child? Nandan and Rohini Nilekani’s startup, Ekstep, is doing this right now. “We move the child from being inside this sphere of ignorance to being a digital citizen. The moment they are a digital citizen, they will actually learn what they want to learn, and then the world is their oyster,” said Mr. Katragadda. Capitalising on curiosity “Human beings are born curious, before they are regimented in education systems and then lose this instinct. If we can capitalise on this through technology, it could aid in a love for learning and an increased level of literacy and education in the country,” he says. For an efficient system Technology can also assist in creating social safety nets, he says. “India is already moving towards providing basic income for everybody — NREGA is one step, and there will be others — and basic healthcare and education. Using steps like Aadhaar, UPI (Unified Payments Interface), E-sign, and Digital Locker, we can ensure that benefits, money and services reach their intended recipient, removing system oversights and corruption.” Mr. Katragadda is also working on developing software and technology for Avanti, the micro-finance vehicle set up by Mr. Nilekani and Ratan Tata. “How do we provide loans without collateral to people who do not get three meals a day, and how do we create the service that allows poor people to uplift themselves?” Mr. Katragadda acquired a Ph.D in robotics in 1997, a time when it was an esoteric pursuit that not many understood. Today, robotics is starting to become part of curricula. “However, we need to go beyond toy robotics and basics and look at science and technology as fundamental, and focus them to solve hard problems.” It is exactly this he aims to do as he takes the proven model of Google Maps and explores its applicability. The secret is Indian people. “If we actually create the platforms — not solutions, but platforms — where people can engage and solve their own problems, they will,” he says. Post a Comment More In Mumbai development technology (general) Related Articles << Previous Story Opening a window into the cinematic past Next Story >> State to roll out app for kaali-peelis Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Apr 8, 2017 12:37:43 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/mumbai/using-technology-to-engage-citizens-solve-hard-problems/article17875315.ece © The Hindu Opening a window into the cinematic past Stalwarts pay tributes to archivist P.K. Nair Kennith Rosario Top Picks in The Hindu today Alcatel Flashes up and about Communal tension hit for a six in Udupi Kaatru Veliyidai review Akshay bags national award for best actor Vellore CMC doctors perform life-saving surgery on unborn baby ‘Be entertaining, but remain honest to your original thought’ Pope dismisses priest who stole $300K from bishop, hospital In a first, atmosphere found around Earth-like planet Power of attraction may help protect Great Barrier Reef Marathi cinema hogs spotlight at 64th National Film Awards Close X Next Story >> State to roll out app for kaali-peelis CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Pop CulturePop Culture Ideas Insights Services Reports Dashboard Books Assessment Keynotes Events About Contact Login Logout Copyright and Terms All Categories > ALL Fashion Tech Life Culture Design Ads Business Eco Good Luxury Bizarre Keynotes TV About Us Community Login Meme-Tracking Websites Score 4.7 More Stats +/- Internet Culture Coloring Books Meme-Inspired Menswear Editorials Meme-Themed Stuffed Animals Massive Emoji Conventions Political Meme Generators 44Similar Photos Me.me Trends is a Search Engine for Popular Internet Memes By: Joey Haar - Apr 7, 2017 References: me.me & thenextweb Even the most embedded internet cruiser is bound to have trouble keeping up with the torrential deluge of memes both generating and evolving constantly, but Me.me Trends is a new tool that can make it easier to track the latter. The website is similar to Google tools like Google Trends or Google Ngrams, but it's specifically designed to graph the usage of phrases within memes. According to Me.me Trends' page, the tool "tracks the use of words and phrases...used on at least one day within any meme in the data set." In other words, the site contains an automatically updating log of memes being created online, and it analyzes the language within these to track the frequency or infrequency of various phrases. Me.me Trends can graph out usage for a single meme over time, but it also offers the ability to compare the usages of two memes along the same graph. THE WORLD'S #1 TREND PLATFORM Find Better Ideas Faster™ with our premium content & special access to 300,000 ideas ➤ Related Top 10 Slideshows Video Pro Services Innovation Accelerator Innovation Keynotes Trend Reports Custom Dashboards Future Festival Free Resources Innovation Videos & Books Weekly Trend Report NEW: 2017 Trend Report Get a FREE Report TweenMessaging AppsThe Disney Mix App is Targeted Towards Tweens and Their Families Presidential Candidate DollsHashtag Collectibles' Doll is Based on the Texts from Hillary Meme Simplified Quote-Caputring AppsThe Postepic App Lets You Instantly Save a Book's Best Quotes Video Meme CreatorsStartup HashCut Lets You Make Your Own Video Memes From YouTube Videos Top 75 Pop Culture Trends in FebruaryFrom Gay Rights Dance Parties to Harry Potter Beverages Top 100 Toy Trends in 2016From Programmable Owl Robots to Modern Life-Sized Playhouses Stats for Meme-Tracking Websites Trending: New & Average Research: 12 hr Interest: 0.5 minutes Concept: Me.me Trends Related: 57 examples / 44 photos Segment: Neutral, 12-35 Comparison Set: 21 similar articles, including: meme-inspired menswear editorials, internet culture coloring books, and meme-themed stuffed animals. Related Reports: Internet Report, Retail Marketing Report, Head Hunting Report, Food Discount Report, Hostel Report SCORE: 4.7 Popularity: Activity: Freshness: Demographics: PRO Content Custom Research Comments / Reactions [+/-] Bookmark Comment Must See WTF OMG LOL Cute Nerdy HOT More About Us, Advertising & Contact     Innovation Keynote Speaker     Best Innovation Conference     Custom Trend Reports Trends and Content © Copyright TREND HUNTER Inc. All Rights Reserved.     Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Questions 25 time: 0.1071 , e-time: 0.1093
Theme Welcome · log in · join Show navigation Hide navigation Home Reviews How Charts Latest Speed Test Run Test Run Ping History Preferences Results Run Streams Servers Country Tools Intro FAQ Line Quality Smoke Ping Tweak Test Line Monitor Monitor Groups My IP is Whois Calculator Tool Points News News tip? Forums All Forums Hot Topics Gallery Info Hardware All FAQs Site FAQ DSL FAQ Cable Tech About contact about us community ISP FAQ Add ISP ISP Ind. Forums Join   Yet More Executives Leave Google Fiber by Karl Bode Friday Apr 07 2017 14:00 EDT Google continues to shuffle around executives after announcing last fall that it was laying off its CEO, pausing some of its fiber expansions, and pondering a potential shift from fiber to wireless. According to Bloomberg, Milo Medin, a vice president at Access (already downgraded from CEO), and Dennis Kish, a wireless infrastructure veteran and president of Google Fiber, are leaving the division -- but staying at Alphabet/Google. Bloomberg cites anonymous inside sources that say the moves are part of more than 600 employees that have been moved away from Google Fiber. It's just the latest in a series of moves that have customers and analysts alike increasingly questioning Google's dedication to disrupting the telecom sector. Google Fiber continues to pretend that everything is fine -- despite obvious, repeated indications that this clearly isn't the case. Even in markets like Kansas City that Google Fiber last fall claimed wouldn't be impacted by the cuts and pivot, many users that have waited for years for installation have said their installs have been cancelled. Google Fiber has simply refused to provide a real explanation why. While Google Fiber service has been well received by users (see our user reviews), the company has consistently butted heads with entrenched incumbents, which have worked tirelessly to stall the project's process via utility pole bureaucracy and other state by state, city by city lobbying efforts. Google Fiber has also seen an extremely slow uptake in TV subscribers. A report last month indicated that Google Fiber has just 84,000 subscribers (though broadband subscribers are estimated to be closer to 1 million). All told it's possible that Google Fiber remains dedicated to disrupting the broadband market, but may just not know what its pivot looks like yet. The company is conducting a wide variety of experiments and trials of numerous wireless broadband technologies including millimeter wave. My guess is that the end result is a total shift from fiber to wireless with a trimming of the company's television service; users instead shoved toward YouTube's new live streaming TV service, YouTube TV. But until Google Fiber has finished these trials and is willing to admit this, the best we'll apparently get is "nothing to see here." tags: Fiber · competition · business · alternatives · bandwidth · consumers · Google Fiber · gigabit News Jump AT&T Significantly Streamlines Its VDSL2 Broadband Tiers»Yet More Executives Leave Google FiberGet Ready: FCC Boss Tells ISPs He'll Kill Net Neutrality SoonFriday Morning Links Networking 101: The MAC AddressWeekend Open Thread!Forum Topic: Cox Testing Update to Fix SB6190 Modem Latency BugRoku Hires Lobbyists (For First Time) to Defend Net NeutralityAt Least 8 States Update Privacy Laws in Wake of FCC Rule RepealHere's the Pricing for Comcast's Looming Wireless Service----------------------this weeklast weekmost discussed Most recommended from 22 comments davidc502 join:2002-03-06 Mount Juliet, TN97.0 41.3 ·TDS davidc502 Member Yesterday 2:52 pm The big 3 did a great job of stalling Google Fiber Let's call it what it is... a big victory for the big 3 or 4 ISP's out there. They did a great job of stalling the deployments, and used the time to bump up or at least begin offering 1Gig, which has completely taken all the wind out of Google Fiber's sails. At this point, Google is trying to regroup and re-asses. Congratulations to the big ISP's for keeping a strangle hold on the USA. Not that Google would have been "that" disruptive, but they were making big waves that were hard to ignore. So, wait 5 years, and the US will again begin falling behind stone-aged countries like Estonia when it comes to speed... Oh well, enjoy it whilst it lasts. · actions · Yesterday 2:52 pm · maartena Elmo Premium Member join:2002-05-10 Orange, CA969.4 0.9 maartena Premium Member Yesterday 2:44 pm Long Haul ISP's laying fiber need to realize that you are going in for the long haul. Laying fiber isn't a short/quick way to profit, it costs lots of money and your return on investment could be many years away. But in high up corporate settings like Google its all about the short term profit. It's the exact same reason why AT&T pushed copper U-Verse first before deciding on fiber, and it the exact same reason why Verizon is coming short on their New York promises, and left Baltimore and Boston on aging DSL till only recently. Fiber IS the future, the only future for data communications for probably the next 100 years....(or till something better comes along), but you do need to invest NOW to make it happen. Another challenge for Google is that in many states (Sorry GOP lovers, in particular GOP ruled states) laws have been enacted that prevents or curbs third-party provider access or makes it such a bureaucratic nightmare its cheaper to give up on it. · actions · Yesterday 2:44 pm · How about .. WOW! Brings Gigabit Broadband to Four New Markets Verizon Bumps Top FiOS Speed to 750 Mbps Google Fiber Sign Ups Begin in Raleigh FCC Commissioner Thinks Ultra-Fast Broadband Just a 'Novelty' Forum Topic: Where is AT&T's Gigabit Service Actually Available? Susan Crawford: Google Fiber's Backpedal Provides Useful Lessons Cox Exec Thinks More Fiber, Less Coax, Is the Future Frustration Mounts at Google Fiber's Slow Pace, Non-Answers News ISP News Got news? Tools Speed Test Smokeping Ping Test 24x7 Broadband Monitor ISP Reviews Review an ISP Latest GBU Information Hardware FAQs Community Join Welcome Members For Sale Forums All Forums DSLReports Feedback About Contact FAQ Terms of Use Privacy Follow Site Mobile mode DSLReports.com © DSLReports.com Est. 1999 Saturday, 08-Apr 03:08:39 Hosted by Liquid Networks
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Trending Story A deep look at Google's biggest-ever search quality crisis Fred's losers Sistrix analysis says ad-heavy, thin-content sites hit worst Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. E-commerce companies can improve revenue by following these 5 tips Looking to take your e-commerce business to the next level? Columnist Trond Lyngbø has some SEO and content marketing advice for web shops. Trond Lyngbø on April 7, 2017 at 1:06 pm More E-commerce websites can seem overwhelming to manage, but effective information architecture, SEO and content marketing strategies can make a huge difference. Nothing about the advice I offer below is complicated, difficult or expensive. After learning these simple strategies, please share them with anyone else who might benefit from them. It may even be someone inside your own company or organization! The powerful impact of SEO harnessed to content marketing SEO can be a powerful tool. I’ve seen clients double — or even triple — revenue by attracting more organic search traffic. This is often followed by a sales boost offline at local stores as more customers find their e-commerce website on a Google search. Through a decade of consulting on SEO for leading e-commerce web shops in Norway and international Fortune 500 corporations, I’ve picked up some precious insights to share with you. Let’s take a closer look at winning strategies of successful web shops and e-commerce companies. 1. Successful e-commerce companies use search & analytics data to inform their strategy. Obviously, a business should serve its customers’ needs. But many e-commerce sites are built without even looking at search data. That’s a shame! Successful e-commerce websites, including those with multiple retail outlets across the country, gain an advantage by doing their research before formulating a customer-centric SEO and content strategy. They uncover what people are searching for on Google by carefully studying search terms, phrases and keywords. Just by looking at search volumes, you can get a sense of which products have the highest (and lowest) demand. Knowing this, everybody should be eager to get their hands on professional keyword research and analysis. By combining search data with sales figures and conversion rate data from their web analytics, it’s easier to predict financial outcomes… even before an SEO strategy is implemented. SEO situational analysis on search phrases used by customers helps to estimate total market share on Google. Marketers can then benchmark it against competitors using tools like SEMrush that measure conversion percentages and market share by category and sub-category. When combined with historical sales figures and profit margins in popular categories, this gives a realistic picture of where the company stands, how well they’re doing, and where opportunities lie to increase market share. This exercise helps prioritize their focus on the best performing segments and reap a rich bounty in increased sales. In successful e-commerce companies, data is king. Strategists only go by facts and figures. Experts and consultants are hired to help, and their value is assessed not by time spent on research, but by the value they bring by way of added sales and revenues. 2. Their information architecture and website structure is customer-focused. The website of a successful e-commerce company doesn’t mirror its organizational structure. Instead, the focus is on what customers want. Using search data from Google to uncover user intent, smart marketers first identify frequently asked questions and solutions that customers are searching for. Addressing them promptly and clearly gives their visitors a great experience because they feel understood and cared for. You want your customers to be impressed by how well the website deals with their concerns and queries. To deliver this rich online experience, successful e-commerce sites trawl available search data to find questions, needs, problems and important issues that prospective customers might have. From there, they can build a customer-oriented information architecture that is effective and easy to navigate. 3. Their content strategy is based on search data. As search engines like Google become integrated earlier in the buying process, often at the decision-making stage, content has become more important for targeting and penetrating markets. Companies are buying more content. And agencies are selling more of it, hiring writers to create fresh content. The best content marketing investments are, of course, based on consumer data like keyword research and analysis. Business leaders who grow revenue and profits rapidly create only content that matters to their customers — content that impacts sales or helps build long-term relationships. Leaders of successful e-commerce entities know that it’s more effective when SEO consultants and content producers work together. They facilitate cross-team cooperation and get everyone involved right from the planning and implementation stage. They keep all key players informed about progress and future plans so that everybody is on the same page. 4. They solve critical problems early in the planning phase. Top-performing e-commerce business leaders aren’t in firefighting mode during production or post-production. They don’t rush into website planning without input from all relevant stakeholders — including an SEO consultant. Developing a customer-centric e-commerce website begins with comprehensive keyword research and analysis carried out by a professional. It’s a great opportunity to find out what millions of micro-moments reveal about their customers’ desires and fears. This is more valuable than even phone call or email surveys. People may not tell you what’s really bothering them. But by observing their online behavior, you’ll get precious insights into how their minds work. Search data will provide a bird’s-eye view of customers’ unfiltered thoughts and track their behavior patterns. 5. They follow SEO best practices for e-commerce websites. There’s nothing new about e-commerce SEO. It’s just a specialized service where SEO strategy and tactics are tailored specifically to the unique challenges of e-commerce websites. Successful organizations draw up plans before they start coding. They rarely find themselves caught in a nightmare because they didn’t plan in advance. On the other hand, their less successful counterparts are frequently stuck in a position where sales underperform — sometimes for many years — because someone forgot to implement well-known SEO best practices. Proper planning and preparation lets the high performers issue suitable instructions to developers, which results in better website coding that won’t have to be completely redone later if problems arise. In summary… Search engines have never before been a more integral part of your customers’ lives. Ignoring SEO is like sending your customers to your competition. Knowing that content and SEO must be integrated, it’s time to shift your focus to whatever drives business results and achieves business goals. Sticking your head in the sand and believing that e-commerce SEO is just a passing fad will only leave you struggling behind the pack. I hope this list of action steps, setting apart successful e-commerce companies from their less successful competitors, is helpful. There’s more to it than just content production, strategy and marketing. As a business leader, if you get everything right and build productive teams that can bring about a winning synergy, you will have done a great job for the future success of your business. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Trond Lyngbø Trond Lyngbø is the founder of Search Planet and a senior SEO Consultant. He has over 10 years of experience in SEO, e-commerce, content strategy and digital analysis. His clients include multinational Fortune 500 corporations and major Norwegian companies. Trond has helped grow businesses through more effective search marketing and SEO strategies. He is most passionate about working with e-commerce companies and web shops to develop and expand their omni-channel marketing initiatives. Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Content & WritingSEO: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Survey Is marketing art or science? Take our survey and you could win a FREE ticket to MarTech San Francisco, May 9 - 11. Let's get started! White Papers Outsourcing Your Content vs. Hiring an In-House Writing Team 3 Steps To Perfecting One-To-One Customer Segmentation Optimize Your Marketing Messaging With Smarter Metrics Create New Revenue by Providing a Complete Marketing & Sales Business App for Your Pro-SMB Clients Guide to Google My Business For Multi-Location Brands See More Whitepapers Webinars Google Analytics 360 & the Move to Enterprise Analytics How to Create the Ultimate Marketing Plan National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum All Products 3D Printers Antivirus Baby Monitors Bluetooth Speakers Cameras (360 Degrees) Cameras (Action) Cameras (All) Cameras (Bridge) Cameras (Compact) Cameras (DSLR) Cameras (Home Security) Cameras (Mirrorless) Cameras (Phone) Cameras (Waterproof) Cloud Backup Services Computers (All-in-One) Drones Fitness Trackers Game Controllers (PC) Gaming Headsets Gaming Keyboards Gaming Mice Gaming Monitors Gaming PCs Gift Ideas Golf Tech GPS Watches Headphones ID Theft Protection iPhone Lenses iPhone Trade-In Deals Key Finders Keyboards (Ergonomic) Kid Trackers (GPS) Kitchen Tech Laptops Mini PCs Mobile Network Modems Online Fax Services Parental Control Apps Phone Carriers Phone Plans Photo Books Photo Calendars Photo Storage Sites Photo-Editing Software Portable Chargers Printers Robot Vacuums Routers Screen Mirroring Devices Smart Home Hubs Smart Home Tech Smart Locks Smart Scales Smart Thermostats Smartphones Smartwatches Soundbars Speakers (Outdoor) Streaming Players Streaming Services TV Antennas TVs TVs (4K/Ultra HD) Virtual Reality Headsets Wi-Fi-Extenders MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Routers Review Eero Mesh Wi-Fi Router Review: Good, But Not Great by Brian Nadel Apr 7, 2017, 9:58 AM Eero Mesh Wi-Fi Router in Best Wi-Fi Routers 2017 The good Strong radio signal Very good security High degree of customization The bad Disappointing mesh performance Unreliable connections in lab tests Verdict The Eero is a pioneer in the mesh-router category, but a couple of other systems have passed it by. 7/10 Very good - The Eero, made by a small startup company in San Francisco, was one of the first mesh-router systems to come to market. But it now has competition from Netgear, Linksys, Google and other tech giants. We found the Eero system to be easy to set up and use, but to also drop some connections. Surprisingly, our lab tests showed a single Eero operating as a traditional router was more efficient and more powerful than multiple Eeros working in a mesh configuration. For readers who have many Wi-Fi dead zones and are considering a mesh-router solution, we recommend the more reliable and less expensive Google Wifi for those with a tight budget, and the Netgear Orbi for those can spend more. Costs and What's Covered You can get a kit of three Eero devices for $399, two for $299, or a single unit for $149. This way, you buy only the gear you need. That's about the same price as Orbi's two-for-$400 kit, but costs more than Google Wifi's three-pack for $300. Credit: Eero The catch is in the coverage area per unit. Eero suggests that you'll need one device per 1,000 square feet of coverage, which is on the low side, compared with the Orbi's claimed 2,500 square feet of range per unit. For its part. Google says each Wifi node covers 1,500 square feet. MORE: What Is a Mesh Router, and Do You Need One? As with other "true" mesh-router systems, you can gang together as many Eero devices as you like in a daisy-chain arrangement to carry data from one area of a large home to another. While this can provide, theoretically, unlimited range, each added "hop" from one extension to the next yields lower performance. Some mesh-router systems, such as the Orbi and the Linksys Velop, mitigate this loss by having a third radio band handle the "backhaul" between units, but the Eero isn't one of them. You can also physically cable the Eero units together via Ethernet, which should boost their Wi-Fi throughput, as the radios will no longer have to handle the backhaul. Many mesh-router systems feature this option. Design At 4.8 x 4.8 x 1.3 inches — a little smaller and thicker than a CD case —the attractive, squarish and white Eero devices are small enough to easily hide, but are slightly bigger than the similar-looking Luma or Google Wifi units. They, however, lack the Ubiquiti AmpliFi HD mesh router's small touch screen that can also act as a LAN monitor or a clock. Each Eero device has a single LED that turns blue when it's ready to be configured, but changes to white when the device is online, and red when there's something seriously wrong. Each has a 2x2 SU-MIMO (single user, multiple input, multiple output) Wi-Fi configuration. That means it has four antennas and can communicate with a similarly equipped laptop, smartphone or other type of client device on both the 2.4- and 5GHz radio bands at the same time. Credit: EeroHowever, because it's not MU-MIMO capable, the Eero can't have multiple communications with multiple user devices at once. Instead, each client device has to wait its turn. And because it's dual-band rather than tri-band, the Eero can't set aside a band for backhaul. The Eero does dynamically apportion the data link to the best band, and channel within that band, at a given moment to optimize total throughput for clients. All Eero units are identical. Unlike the Orbi units, the Eero units that come as part of a bundle are not pre-paired, but one is marked "Start," just so you can get the ball rolling. In addition to the four Wi-Fi antennas, each unit has a Bluetooth radio that's used for setup and configuration. Each Eero unit has a power plug, a pair of RJ-45 gigabit Ethernet ports and a USB connector. The Eero units lack an on-off switch, but you can toggle the power via the mobile app. There's also a recessed reset button to restart each unit. Specs Wi-Fi Spec: 802.11ac/Dual Band Router-Extender kit Number of Antennas/Removable: 5/No Ports: Two 1Gbps LAN, USB 2.0, power Processor: ARM-based dual-core 1GHz Memory/Storage: 512MB/4GB WiFi Chip: Qualcomm QCA9882 Peak 802.11ac Performance: 573.7Mbps (at 5-feet) Range: 65-feet - router only Size: 4.8- x 4.8- x 1.3-inches Performance The Eero system creates a mesh, or peer-to-peer, network among its units, and user devices will "see" them all as a single network with a single network name. Each device uses a Qualcomm QCA9882 Wi-Fi chip with a dual-core 1GHz processor, and has 512MB of RAM and 4GB of storage capacity. The Eero is similar to the Google Wifi system, which also uses a dual-band 2x2 SU-MIMO configuration. Both systems are quite different from the tri-band 3x3 MU-MIMO Orbi and Velop systems, which are simply better equipped (and more expensive). Our lab tests bore this out, with the two sets of devices clearly falling into different camps. Eero excelled when going through a ceiling by pushing 471.8 Mbps of bandwidth to the next story up, the best of any mesh router we've tested. The Eero had a more powerful radio than the Wifi when used as a single-point router, but the Wifi did better as a mesh router, delivering more data to client devices in almost all multiple-node configurations. The Velop and Orbi did much better than either in mesh tests. In Purch Labs’ tests using the IxChariot evaluation software, the Eero system was erratic, dropping local server connections at random. We didn’t have such trouble with the Google Wifi or Orbi. On its own, a single Eero unit acting a router managed an exceptional throughput of 573.7 megabits per second (Mbps) at 5 feet, beating every other mesh router we've tested. Router Performance Compared (in Mbps)*   AmpliFi HD Eero Google Wifi Linksys Velop Netgear Orbi 5 feet 368.17 573.65 464.36 412.34 552.11 15 feet 377.73 +2.6% 450.96 -21.4% 440.90 -5.1% 527.10 +30% 510.90 -7.5% 50 feet 350.83 -4.7% 449.87 -21.6% 389.74 -16% 459.35 +11% 447.13 -19% 100 feet 293.82 -20% 250.27 -56.4% 227.22 -51% 330.06 -20% 371.42 -33% 150 feet 230.86 -37% 229.85 -59.9% 33.79 -93% 288.42 -30% 229.07 -58% * Line-of-sight testing with a single router point. Percentages indicate change from 5-foot measurement on same device. At farther distances, that advantage disappeared as the Velop's more powerful radio dominated, pushing more data to clients. Yet while most routers' throughputs decline steadily with distance, the Eero's drop-off was stepped, with one plateau between 15 feet and 50 feet (both about 450 Mbps) and another between 100 feet and 150 feet (a small decline from 250 to 230 Mbps). A single Eero unit was able to punch its Wi-Fi signal through a wall lined with metal shelves, or a wall lined with thick soundboard, with very little signal loss. It excelled when going through a ceiling by pushing 471.8 Mbps of bandwidth to the next story up, the best of any mesh router we've tested. Data Penetration Compared (in Mbps)*   AmpliFi HD Eero Google Wifi Linksys Velop Netgear Orbi Metal 343.45 -9.1% 448.58 -0.5% 396.39 -10% 559.95 +6.2% 455.70 -11% Soundboard 369.51 -2.2% 457.17 +1.4% 402.55 -8.7% 381.66 -28% 549.99 +7.7% Ceiling 390.21 +3.3% 471.79 +4.6% 425.2 -3.6% 67.80 -87% 424.12 -17% *Throughput from a single router point passing through ceiling and walls of different compositions. Percentages indicate change from 15-foot line-of-sight measurement. In a line-of-sight "single-hop" test with the Eero router on one end, our test laptop 100 feet away and an Eero extension node halfway between the two, the Eero system's throughput fell nearly by half compared to when we were using only the router at the same distance, Extending the total router-to-client distance to 150 feet, and placing a second Eero extension at the 100-foot mark — the "double-hop" configuration — also halved the throughput from the router-only test. Single-Line Extension Hop Test (in Mbps)*   AmpliFi HD Eero Google Wifi Linksys Velop Netgear Orbi Single Hop (100 feet) 219.93 -25% 128.99 -48.5% 175.57 -23% 331.62 +0.5% 475.87 +28% Double Hop (150 feet) n/a 103.52 -55.0% 128.90 +282% 223.22 -23% n/a *Extensions placed every 50 feet between router and endpoint. Percentages indicate change from line-of-sight tests at same distances without extensions. This is what you'd expect to see with a dual-band mesh router that splits its bandwidth between backhaul and client service. Essentially, you're sacrificing speed for signal coverage. Google Wifi actually did better than the Eero in both straight-line hop tests — that might be because its weaker radio caused less interference among its units, but it could also be that the Google devices manage their signals better. MORE: Best Wi-Fi Routers We saw similar results with our "3D" tests, which measured signal hops going up, down and around a multistory structure and through walls and ceilings. The Eero's throughput decreased when one extension was added at medium range, while the Google Wifi's went up; at a somewhat longer range, the Eero had the advantage. Adding a second extension at even more range gave the advantage back to the Google Wifi. 3D Extension Hop Tests (in Mbps)*   AmpliFi HD Eero Google Wifi Linksys Velop Netgear Orbi 30 feet thru 2 walls (A to B) 393.32 445.33 251.09 371.03 333.64 33 feet thru wall, ceiling (A to C) 192.47 136.46 36.75 121.81 119.99 48 feet thru 2 walls, ceiling (A to D) 99.72 10.62 4.42 40.29 47.35 One hop, 45 feet thru ceiling, 2 walls (A to B to C) 202.08 +5.0% 117.63 -13.8% 189.92 +417% 427.00 +250 429.13 +258% One hop, 68 feet thru ceiling, 4 walls (A to B to D) 158.01 +58% 99.81 +839.8% 73.23 +1,557% 332.79 +726% 245.66 +419% Two hops, 80 feet thru ceiling, 4 walls (A to B to C to D) n/a 30.71 +189.2% 56.63 +1,181% 145.41 +261% n/a *First three tests involve direct router-to-client communication, with client laptop moving to new rooms and floors. Second three tests add extensions to same configurations. Percentages indicate change in data throughput between two sets. Neither two-band unit, however, could hold a candle to the tri-band Orbi and Velop systems, each of which pushed through many times the Eero's throughput in 3D multihop configurations. In such situations, the value of a dedicated backhaul band becomes clear. The best part about building an Eero-based home network is that you don't need to know anything about networking. We also did some testing in a real home. A three-pack of Eero devices was just able to fill the 3,500-square-foot house with Wi-Fi signals, but we had two places at the extremes that connected only at low speeds; a fourth node probably would have helped, and other mesh systems did better. Heat map showing Wi-Fi signal strength in the Purch Labs workspace. Eero unit acting as router indicated by star in upper left corner. Red indicates strongest signal, blue weakest. Credit: Purch Labs The host unit was able to stay in contact with a client device up to 65 feet away through several thick walls, matching the range of the Luma, but just under half as far as the Orbi. The Google Wifi router managed to reach 105 feet in the same situation. Signal strength when an Eero satellite unit (red circle in center) is added. Credit: Purch Labs In the house, the Eero's access speed ranged from 14 to 105 Mbps, according to Speedtest.net, with a broadband connection rated at delivering 100 Mbps. Signal strength when a second Eero satellite (circle in lower right corner) is added. Credit: Purch Labs The Eero did well on our informal streaming saturation test. While a Microsoft Surface Pro 3 tablet and iPad Pro were playing videos, we moved data onto and off of a network storage device with a Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S and played the BBCs internet radio station on a MacBook Air. We didn't see a pause, skip or loss of connection.   Signal strength went down a bit overall when the Eero router unit was placed between the Eero satellite units. Credit: Purch Labs Setup, Warranty and Support Screenshot: Brian Nadel The best part about building an Eero-based home network is that you don't need to know anything about networking, except that you want Wi-Fi throughout your home. To start, you'll need to get either the iOS or Android app. Like all the others, you're restricted to using the software in portrait mode, but unlike with the Orbi, you can't use a web browser to set up the Eero devices. The installation sequence starts with creating an account with Eero. You'll need to input your mobile phone number and verify your identity with a code that's texted to the phone. Along the way, there are lots of illustrations, such as one showing where to plug in Eero units, alongside chatty comments such as '"Houston, we have a problem" when the app can't find a node. Screenshot: Brian Nadel After I plugged the first Eero device into my broadband modem, Eero's app scanned for it and found it right away. Rather than select a location description from the app's list, I typed in my own. The interface offers Bedroom and Kitchen, as well as a Room of Requirement option for Harry Potter fans. The app next asked me to enter a network name and passcode, then restarted the router. Screenshot: Brian Nadel It was time to scan for Eero nodes and link the router to them. The first try didn't work for me, so I moved the node closer to the router; Eero suggests setting them up about 40 feet apart. I got it on the second try. Screenshot: Brian Nadel Adding the second extension node didn't go any better, but then I figured out a trick: I entered the serial number printed on the underside of the Eero unit before scanning for it with the app. The host found it in less than a minute. All told, it took 25 minutes to create a fully functioning network, which is a little on the long side for mesh-router systems. Eero covers the equipment for a year; this is on a par with Google Wifi and Luma, but much shorter than Linksys’ three-year warranty. The Eero Help Center has support technicians on call seven days a week, but only from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Pacific time on weekdays and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. on weekends. There are informative articles on Wi-Fi and optimizing performance on the Eero website, but there's no comprehensive Eero manual to consult. As with many smart-home devices and mesh-router systems, the commands you send to the Eero system from your mobile app don’t go across the house. Instead, they go out to the cloud and then back down to the devices. This arrangement works when everything works well, and is helpful when monitoring devices while out of the house. But it might cause problems if your Wi-Fi gets spotty, as you'll need Wi-Fi to talk to the Eero devices, or if the Amazon cloud servers that Eero uses have connection issues, or, well, if the Eero company goes out of business. You can't just plug a laptop into the Eero router's Ethernet jack and access a browser interface as you can with regular routers (and with the Orbi). If all else fails, you can hit the reset button on the underside of the balky Eero device and use Bluetooth to set it up again. Screenshot: Brian Nadel The trade-off is that the Eero gets regular firmware and security updates, something most regular routers unfortunately don't. (More on that below.) Customization The Eero app runs only in portrait mode. The screens are bright and open, but lack the ability to give different network clients, such as a gaming console, priority in accessing data. Screenshot: Brian Nadel The app's Home screen shows the connected nodes and which machines are online. A big step forward is the connection speed at the bottom. There are individual pages for setting up and adjusting the Guest Access network, using Family Profiles for controlling internet access and adding Eero nodes. The Network Settings page has the basics upfront with IP addresses, time zone and a place to change the network name and password. Tap the Advanced Settings tab to manually set client devices' local IP addresses, or reserve IP addresses for them. Eero lets you pick your own DNS servers, connect to client devices using Universal Plug and Play, and even set up port forwarding. However, you can't adjust the Wi-Fi transmission level or channel width as you can with some regular routers. Smart-Home Integration You can control the Eero network with Alexa voice commands, but the commands for now do only rudimentary things, such as turning off the LEDs and cutting off internet access to specific devices. Eero can also connect with Savant's home automation hub, which can be used for controlling lighting, security cameras and entertainment devices. Security and Parental Controls Many routers are configured at the factory with a preset network name or passwords, but the Eero setup process avoids this security pitfall by making you create the network name and administrative and access passwords. Network encryption uses the WPA2 protocol only, and the Eero can't connect with older client devices that are limited to using the WEP or WPA protocols. Nor does Eero allow Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS), the PIN or push-button access method that's convenient but not very secure. Screenshot: Brian Nadel The Eero uses HTTPS-based 256-bit AES encryption to protect its communications with the Eero cloud. Firmware updates are signed to authenticate that they came from Eero's servers. By default, the router automatically updates its firmware, something we wish more routers did. The Eero system requires a constant connection to Eero's servers to work properly. For paranoid people (and who isn't these days), this might represent a security issue as it theoretically could give an enterprising hacker a way into your home network. But breaking into the Eero uplink may not be worth the trouble, not when there are millions of regular Wi-Fi routers using factory-default passwords and running outdated firmware with remote access enabled. Screenshot: Brian NadelThe Eero lets you shut down internet connections for individual devices, or for the whole network. For families in which more than one person uses a given client device, you can set up multiple profiles for each gadget, and internet-access schedules for specific persons. You can even tell your Alexa device to command the Eero to "pause" internet access, such as during dinner. Overall, the Eero's security is among the best of the mesh routers we've seen. Only the Google Wifi, with its Trusted Platform Module chip to verify installed firmware, does it better. Bottom Line Each Eero device is easy on the eyes, easy to use, very secure and very powerful, especially at close range. But together, the Eero devices don't work terribly well as a mesh-router system. That's a problem that could be mitigated by a future firmware update. But for the moment, we prefer the cheaper but similar Google Wifi system or the more expensive, but much better, Netgear Orbi. 7/10 Quick Take The Eero does well as a single router in a small home, but its mesh performance fails to keep up with its competitors. At $400 for a three-pack, it's more expensive than, but not quite as good as, the similar Google Wifi. - About the author Brian Nadel @nadelbrian Brian Nadel is a freelance writer and editor who specializes in technology reporting and reviewing. He works out of the suburban New York City area and has covered topics from nuclear power plants and Wi-Fi routers to cars and tablets. Read more Routers Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Off-Topic / General Discussion forum about this subject Title Subject Title Publish No comments yet Your comment Comment Firstname Submit Latest in Routers Best Picks Best Wi-Fi Extenders 2017 Best Picks Best Wi-Fi Routers 2017 by Brian Nadel Apr 4, 2017, 7:40 AM Review Linksys Velop: Powerful But Erratic Mesh Router by Brian Nadel Mar 29, 2017, 3:24 PM News Netgear Unveils Two Cheaper Orbi Mesh Routers by Paul Wagenseil Mar 28, 2017, 5:30 AM Review Netgear Orbi Review: The Mesh Router to Beat by Brian Nadel Mar 20, 2017, 1:54 PM Reference Modem vs. Router: How They're Different and What They Do by Anthony Domanico Mar 12, 2017, 10:00 AM Reference What Is a Mesh Router, and Do You Need One? by Sarah Brown Mar 5, 2017, 6:00 AM The Latest On Tom’s Guide News 8 hr iPhone 8 Leak Tips Design Details Deals 10 hr Samsung's 55-inch 4K TV Just Dropped $248 Deals 10 hr Best Tech Deals of Today: Save $30 on Apple's New 2017... News 11 hr GameStop Pwned? Major Credit Card Breach Suspected Best Picks 12 hr Best Phones of 2017 Best Picks 13 hr Best Compact Cameras 2017 Review 14 hr Eero Mesh Wi-Fi Router Review: Good, But Not Great News 14 hr Future Proofing Laptops and Laptop Support: Community R... News 14 hr Twitter Scammers Lure Victims to Fake Bank Sites Best Picks 14 hr Best Smart Scales of 2017 Deals 15 hr The Best Tech Deals Right Now Review 15 hr LG Watch Style Review: Lots of Style, Not Enough Substa... Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google Fact Check Feature Now In Search Results & News Worldwide Google Fact Check Feature Now In Search Results & News Worldwide Apr 7, 2017 • 7:35 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story In October, during the US elections, Google released fact check schema for Google News in the US. Now, Google announced that fact checking is officially available in the core Google search results and Google News results worldwide. The schema is also now out of "pending" status and is an official markup at schema.org. Google said "for the first time, when you conduct a search on Google that returns an authoritative result containing fact checks for one or more public claims, you will see that information clearly on the search results page. The snippet will display information on the claim, who made the claim, and the fact check of that particular claim." Here is what the label looks like: Publishers would have to use that schema to be eligible to show the label but Google said "only publishers that are algorithmically determined to be an authoritative source of information will qualify for inclusion." Google said "if a publisher or fact check claim does not meet these standards or honor these policies, we may, at our discretion, ignore that site's markup." Searchers can report false fact check claims and that can be used against the publisher. There is a lot more detail on how this works in search and Google News over here. Aaron Bradley actually spotted the published schema on this yesterday and posted it on Google+ before the news came out. Forum discussion at Google+. Previous story: Daily Search Forum Recap: April 6, 2017   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 04/07/2017 09:14 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Google "Fact Check" Tag In News and Search Goes Global Windows 10 Creators Update SDK Released Digital Point Forums $50 Logo Design Contest PayPal - Negative Balance Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Search Video Recaps > Search Buzz Video Recap: Google Algorithm Shifts, Mobile First Index Delayed, Fact Checking & More Search Buzz Video Recap: Google Algorithm Shifts, Mobile First Index Delayed, Fact Checking & More Apr 7, 2017 • 9:14 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Search Buzz Video Round Recap Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story This week in search, I posted my big Google webmaster report, do check it out. There may have been an update on April 4th and I don’t think there was an update on March 30th. Google’s mobile first index seemed to be delayed and might not launch until 2018. Google says there were other updates around the same time as the Fred update. Google explains why they don’t disclose most updates they do. Google launched the fact checking schema in search and Google News worldwide. Did Google penalize the controversial site, Ashley Madison, in November? Google says if you are threatened with negative SEO, use the disavow tool. Google explained why they don’t label no followed or disavowed links in the Google Search Console link report. Google said they need more non-English content, so get writing. Google tests URLs at the top of the mobile results. Google expanded Google Posts to more categories. Google tests knowledge panels without maps. Google local results are now smarter based on your query. Google has a new partner certification for Google Partners, mobile site certification. That was this past week in search at the Search Engine Roundtable. Make sure to subscribe to our video feed or subscribe directly on iTunes to be notified of these updates and download the video in the background. Here is the YouTube version of the feed: For the original iTunes version, click here. Search Topics of Discussion: April 2017 Google Webmaster Report Small Google Algorithm Update On April 4th? A Major Google Update On March 30th? I Don't Think So. The Google Mobile First Index Likely Won't Launch In 2017 Google: There Were Other Updates Around The Release Of Fred Google: Why We Don't Disclose Most Google Updates & Algorithm Changes Google Fact Check Feature Now In Search Results & News Worldwide Was Ashley Madison Penalized By Google? Not Ranking For It's Own Name. Google: Use Disavow File When Threatened With Negative SEO Google: Why We Won't Label Disavowed Links In The Search Console Report Google: We Need More Content For Many Non-English Head Queries Google Tests URL At Top Of Search Results Snippets Google Posts Now Showing More Categories Including The Mets Google Tests Local Knowledge Panels Without Maps Google Local Results Showing Query Specific Data, Like Hours, Reviews, Phone & Address New: Google Partners Mobile Sites Certification For Developers Please do subscribe via iTunes or on your favorite RSS reader. Don't forget to comment below with the right answer and good luck! This week in search, I posted my big Google webmaster report, do check it out. There may have been an update on April 4th and I... Previous story: Google: Why We Don't Disclose Most Google Updates & Algorithm Changes   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 04/07/2017 09:14 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Google "Fact Check" Tag In News and Search Goes Global Windows 10 Creators Update SDK Released Digital Point Forums $50 Logo Design Contest PayPal - Negative Balance Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 8 Brilliant Search Tools Hidden Within Google Photos Creative 8 Brilliant Search Tools Hidden Within Google Photos Sherwin Coelho Get Creative While Offline With These 8 Amazing Chrome Apps Creative Get Creative While Offline With These 8 Amazing Chrome Apps Sandy Stachowiak Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Avoid These Online Dating Mistakes at All Costs Self Improvement Internet Avoid These Online Dating Mistakes at All Costs Ben Stegner April 7, 2017 07-04-2017 8 minutes Avoid These Online Dating Mistakes at All Costs Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Do you know someone who met their spouse via online dating? Once considered a way for socially awkward people to meet, dating services are now immensely popular with people of all types. But their modern ubiquity hasn’t made navigating the world of internet dating any easier. There’s a lot of awful dating advice floating around The Internet's Worst Dating and Relationship Advice The Internet's Worst Dating and Relationship Advice Most dating advice on the web is awful. Here's the worst of it. Read More . It’s hard enough to sort through potential matches and evaluate whom you’d like to go out with, but many online daters get tripped up in other areas, too. Let’s try to make some sense of the internet dating world Online Dating - Men Don't Get It And Women Don't Understand Online Dating - Men Don't Get It And Women Don't Understand Do online dating websites work? It's time for a frank discussion! What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but for very different reasons. Read More by reviewing some big no-nos that everyone should avoid. 1. Not Considering Safety It’s easy to get sucked into excitement when you connect with someone who catches your fancy. But it’s important to remember that someone could easily fake their information 5 Signs You Shouldn't Date That Guy You Met On The Internet 5 Signs You Shouldn't Date That Guy You Met On The Internet I was an online player. Here are the tricks I used to win women's hearts – and how to spot them. Read More and pictures on their dating profile. Worse, an attacker could be using the service as a way to find potential victims How to Spot and Avoid an Online Dating Scammer How to Spot and Avoid an Online Dating Scammer Do you date online? You need to take precautions to protect yourself. Here are six things to keep in mind to help you spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. Read More . Be smart and don’t let yourself get into a bad situation. Talk with potential matches for a while before you agree to meet them in person. Offer to talk to them for a bit on the phone before you meet up — if they fiddle around that, it’s a bad sign. If you do agree to meet up, make it in a public place where you have ways to exit if needed. Don’t meet at your house or a remote location, and transport yourself there so you can leave when you wish. It’s also smart to let your family or trusted friends know where you’re going and roughly how long you’ll be there so they’re aware. Of course, you should also avoid drinking too much on a date, which makes you vulnerable. Make sure the information in your profile doesn’t say too much about you How to Protect Your Online Dating Profile from Stalkers and Identity Hackers How to Protect Your Online Dating Profile from Stalkers and Identity Hackers Do you look for love with online dating? Appearing attractive doesn't mean you have to forego your personal privacy. Let's take a look at curating the perfect blend for some safe online dating. Read More , either. Consider using an alternate email address or Google Voice number Google Voice Gets an Update and Is More Useful Than Ever Google Voice Gets an Update and Is More Useful Than Ever Google Voice, long thought abandoned, was just revived by Google. Here's what's up with Voice and what you can expect to see in the revamped apps. Read More to keep your real information hidden. Don’t reveal your full name to people before you’ve gotten to know them. Hopefully you never run into someone who’s using online dating to find victims, but it’s a real threat you can’t ignore. These tips are even more important if you’re using a free service, where the barrier to entry is low. 2. Using Phony Pictures Your showcase photo is the first way that people see you 5 Tips to Make a Great Profile Picture for More Likes and Followers 5 Tips to Make a Great Profile Picture for More Likes and Followers There are plenty of suggestions from studies and photographers on how you can make a more presentable profile picture for Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, or any other network. Here are the best. Read More . It’s important to make it awesome so that potential matches are intrigued and want to know more! However, while using blurry photos or pictures with multiple people in them is bad, you can go too far in the other direction, too. Doctoring your photos or using the single best picture of yourself isn’t a fair representation of who you are. If you spend hours in Photoshop to create the perfect set of pictures Create a Professional Profile Picture Using Photoshop and a Selfie Create a Professional Profile Picture Using Photoshop and a Selfie In this article, we'll show you how to create a clean, professional look from one of the most widespread photographic forms of the modern era: the selfie. Read More to hide your flaws, what is your date going to think when they see the real you? Don’t use outdated photos, either. If your favorite picture of yourself is ten years old, that’s again not a good picture of who you are today. Ask a friend to take a few pictures of you with your smartphone camera. People who are looking for a companion on dating websites want to see an honest representation of you. The best profile photo is one that shows you as you naturally are. Have a headshot, a full-body shot, and a picture of you doing something that you love. If someone sees those and doesn’t have any interest, they aren’t the one for you anyway. 3. Lying on Your Profile It’s easy to hide the truth in your pictures, but lying on other parts of your profile isn’t wise either. You should answer questionnaires honestly 5 Reasons to Take eHarmony's Questionnaire 5 Reasons to Take eHarmony's Questionnaire Most dating apps promise you immediate results and without much effort. But try eHarmony if you want to improve your chances for a long term relationship. Read More and don’t fudge the facts on your main profile. If you’re a little overweight, don’t claim that you’re slim. Don’t pretend to enjoy certain activities if you despise or haven’t even tried them. Lying isn’t a good foundation for any relationship, and eventually these falsities will come out. The right person will love you not just because of traits they like about you, but despite your flaws. What’s more, something you hate about yourself (perhaps freckles, the way you laugh, or your passion for 1950s cinema) could end up being something your match loves about you. Don’t try to disguise who you are — it’s exhausting. All this being said, make sure to fill up your profile with info! A mostly blank page doesn’t give potential matches enough to go off when they’re evaluating you. 4. Sending Boring or Creepy Messages Okay, so you’ve finally found someone whom you find attractive and you want to send them a message or email. This is another critical time that’s easy to screw up. Come up with something that they haven’t heard a hundred times already. Starting a conversation with “Hey” or “What’s up?” is boring and shows that you put about two seconds of effort into it. Don’t introduce yourself with a five-paragraph stock writeup that goes into way too much personal detail. Ideally, you should bring up something you found interesting in the person’s profile so they know you read it. Bring up an interest you have in common 6 Tools to Find Awesome People with Similar Interests 6 Tools to Find Awesome People with Similar Interests Connecting with new people can help you get more out of life. Take the plunge and start making new friends who share your interests Read More and end with a good question to provoke a good response. There’s nothing worse than messages that are difficult to respond to. #datingfail #dstingapps #wtf pic.twitter.com/oVr1hOmqbP — Karina Pamamull (@datelicious) December 8, 2016 Make sure that you also don’t give off a creepy vibe 4 Ways to Avoid Being "That Guy" on Tinder 4 Ways to Avoid Being "That Guy" on Tinder If your Tinder experiences aren't paying off, you may need to reexamine your game, and the problem may be in the way that you're presenting yourself. Are you that guy on Tinder? Read More in your initial messages. Don’t ask for personal information, tell them that they’re exactly what you’ve been looking for, or send weird pictures. This will scare people off. Be yourself and see what comes of it. If someone doesn’t reply right away, they could be busy with work or travel. Give them a few days and don’t obsess over waiting for their response. 5. Being Too Picky or Idealistic The world of online dating lends itself to some interesting challenges. When you meet someone in person, you don’t have a stack of other people a click away to compare them to. Online, because you’re looking through a list of comparable profiles and pictures, it’s easy to get selective and obsess over finding the perfect person. Don’t do this or it will turn into decision paralysis. If she likes jazz music and you prefer country, that’s not a reason to forgo contacting her. Instead, think about the big ideas — does she live in the same city as you? If you thrive on having intelligent conversations, does his profile suggest that he’s interested in the same? Don’t compromise your values, of course, but understand that you aren’t looking for someone who 100 percent matches your vision of an ideal mate. This holds once you’ve agreed to meet the person, too. Even if their profile seems great, you’ll learn so much more about someone from the way they act in person. Here, you’ll notice how often they laugh, their tone, if they check their phone too much, and other important details that you can’t ascertain from an online profile. Once you’ve gone on a few dates, resist the temptation to think that you’ve found your soul mate. You very well could be entering a great relationship, but building one takes time. Don’t obsess over the idea of dating someone — get to know the person you’ve met and evaluate if they’re a good match for you. 6. Not Using the Right Service for You If from nothing else than TV commercials, you probably know that there are an absurd amount of dating websites. When you’re not having much luck meeting people, perhaps the cause could be that you’re not on the right service. Dating websites and apps differ in their user expectations. Free dating sites are often more casual than paid ones, so if you’re serious about finding a match, consider paying to join one. If you’re of a certain race, age, or religion, you can use a service that caters to others like you. And there are a host of mobile apps that are generally geared towards the casual culture of the younger generations. Compare this sample selection of dating services and try one out if the one you’re using isn’t working: OKCupid is one of the largest free dating sites. It prides itself on its matching algorithm and interesting questions that fuel it. Recommended for those who want to test the online dating waters free. Match.com is one of the largest paid dating services. It uses a chemistry personality test to find people whom you’re likely to click with. SeniorMatch aims at older singles Too Old for Tinder? Try These 5 Alternative Dating Apps Too Old for Tinder? Try These 5 Alternative Dating Apps The older crowd may have noticed that using Tinder is like going to a college bar. You're welcomed, but feel out of place the moment you try to match with someone. Read More . Nobody under 30 can join and it focuses on those who are older than 50. EliteSingles is a professional dating site. It’s advertised for those who want a serious relationship, and over 80 percent of members hold a college degree. LavaLife aims to “make dating fun again” and gives tips along the way to help you have a batter experience. You probably think of Tinder when you consider mobile dating apps. Despite its issues Why Swiping Right on Tinder Might Get You More Than a Date Why Swiping Right on Tinder Might Get You More Than a Date Swiping right on Tinder could lead to quite unexpected results. Don't get left in the dark: Here's everything you need to know about the pitfalls of swiping right on Tinder. Read More , Tinder is popular with teens and 20-somethings due to its simple profiles, quick swiping to say yes or no to a potential match, and enabling hookups. If Tinder doesn’t appeal to you Tired of Tinder? Seven Free Alternative Dating Apps Tired of Tinder? Seven Free Alternative Dating Apps Now that Tinder is charging for its services, it might be time to turn to one of the many other dating apps available. Which will you try? Read More and you’re looking for something more serious, check out some alternative apps that do it differently Frustrated with Online Dating? These 9 Apps Are Doing Things Differently Frustrated with Online Dating? These 9 Apps Are Doing Things Differently There are several problems with what online dating looks like right now. These apps offer solutions to each of these problems so you find the one that works right for you. Read More , like the newly popular Bumble Why Are All the Women Flocking to the Bumble Dating App? Why Are All the Women Flocking to the Bumble Dating App? Why are people leaving Tinder for Bumble? There are many reasons, and each is a reason why you should be using Bumble to find your next match made in heaven. Here's why. Read More . Most major dating sites also have mobile apps so you can keep up on the go. What Are Your Online Dating Rules? Along with the regular challenges of dating, doing so online adds some unique issues. Hopefully, these tips help you navigate the world of dating on the internet and pursue some potential matches. Maybe you wanted to check for common pitfalls before starting, or needed to re-evaluate your strategy after striking out. Whatever the case, don’t get discouraged. Dating can be frustrating, but eventually you’ll find someone who makes it all worth it. No matter which service you try, review online relationship tips that work magic 4 Online Relationship Tips That Actually Work 4 Online Relationship Tips That Actually Work There are plenty of examples to show that Happily Ever After is attainable for online and long distance relationships. Here are some of the best tips and advice to keep you on the right path. Read More . Please share with us your online dating commandments. If you have a success story about dating online or a lesson that can teach others, we invite you to leave a comment. Image Credits: Mladen Mitrinovic/Shutterstock Previous PostOptimize Your Google Calendar With Custom SettingsNext PostIt’s Now Harder to Make Money Making YouTube Videos 1 comment Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * cmcollins001 April 8, 2017 at 5:35 am Since I don't currently and have never used a dating site, I'm just curious if "LavaLife aims to 'make dating fun again' and gives tips along the way to help you have a batter experience." is a play on words or if "batter" is a typo. Reply Ben Stegner 628 articles Ben is MakeUseOf's Gaming section editor and Creative Director. He holds a B.S. in Computer Information Systems from Grove City College, where he graduated Cum Laude and with Honors in his major. He's currently focusing on ramping up MUO's Gaming content to appeal to gamers both casual and hardcore. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone Advertisement Trending 8 Brilliant Search Tools Hidden Within Google Photos Creative 8 Brilliant Search Tools Hidden Within Google Photos Miracast: The Chromecast Alternative You Didn’t Know About Technology Explained Miracast: The Chromecast Alternative You Didn’t Know About Chromebook vs. Chromebox vs. Chromebit: Which Is Right For You? Linux Technology Explained Chromebook vs. Chromebox vs. Chromebit: Which Is Right For You? Advertisement Related Articles 5 Reasons to Take eHarmony’s Questionnaire Internet 5 Reasons to Take eHarmony’s Questionnaire How to Protect Your Online Dating Profile from Stalkers and Identity Hackers Security How to Protect Your Online Dating Profile from Stalkers and Identity Hackers 16 Free Dating Sites to Help You Find Love Internet 16 Free Dating Sites to Help You Find Love Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Google Apps Google’s VR team hires developer behind one of the Vive’s best apps New, 5 comments by Sam Byford@345triangle Apr 7, 2017, 2:00pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Logan Olson, developer of awesome virtual reality music creation tool SoundStage, is joining Clay Bavor’s VR team at Google. SoundStage lets you assemble and operate a music studio in the virtual space around you using the HTC Vive headset and wireless controllers — it’s like Tilt Brush for techno. I said it “feels like a visionary application” after spending time with it last year. “We’re excited to welcome Logan to the Google VR team,” a Google spokesperson tells The Verge. “As a leader in thinking about creating in VR with his app SoundStage, we’re really inspired by what he’s built and for the potential for VR and creativity.“ SoundStage came out of its Early Access state on Steam last month with a 1.0 release that brought several new features but marked the end of active development. (It’s also since been made available for the Oculus Rift.) Olson joining Google does confirm that SoundStage will never grow into a serious Logic Pro or Ableton Live competitor — not that it could have anyway, in all likelihood — but Google says it’ll build on what he’s learned for existing and upcoming products. Google launched its promising Daydream VR platform alongside the Pixel and Pixel XL phones last fall, but news has been quiet in recent months. Few other manufacturers have announced Daydream-compatible devices since then, and the Pixel’s limited availability may well have limited Daydream’s visibility. If nothing else, though, Olson’s hiring shows that Google is still interested in investing in the creative possibilities of VR following the 2015 acquisition of the team behind Tilt Brush. Next Up In Circuit Breaker Ford designed a smart crib that replicates car rides This retro typewriter-style keyboard looks great Astell & Kern's Kann is a true heavyweight portable media player Waterfield backpacks are an expensively acquired taste These earbuds can be controlled with a smile First details emerge about Microsoft's Surface Pro 5 Now Trending YouTube will no longer allow creators to make money until they reach 10,000 views The rule change is meant to weed out bad actors Italy issues a nationwide Uber ban Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 4. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Italy issues a nationwide Uber ban by Nick Statt 12 comments / new Jay Z’s catalog has been pulled from Apple Music and Spotify by Micah Singleton Bernie Sanders is now a podcast by Megan Farokhmanesh New ransomware locks your files behind an anime bullet hell shooter by Chaim Gartenberg 4 comments / new The Blair Witch Project almost ended with a laughably lame-looking crucifixion by Kaitlyn Tiffany 2 comments / new Ford designed a smart crib that replicates car rides by Natt Garun 6 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 135 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares209 Development Google News Starting on April 10th Google plans on pushing out an update to the sign-in page for Google accounts. This change is meant to further unify the sign-in process across your various devices. Although the news was posted to the G Suite Developers blog, we do fully expect this change to affect all Google accounts on all browsers, mobile browsers, and iOS apps (Android apps should not be affected). Google's SSO will also see additional changes beyond the purely cosmetic, as a new permissions grant redirect will be added to the login process, and permissions requested by a site or service will be more explicitly stated. The privacy-conscious will be excited to hear that Google is making such an effort to ensure a greater awareness on the part of users when it comes to privacy and consent in the use of third party services. Unfortunately, the permission request pane will no longer list what Google considers to be "standard" permission requests, presumably including basic account information. At least Google is making some effort to increase privacy awareness during login, even going so far as to increase the burden of responsibility for that privacy on developers by requiring contact information to be listed at a link on the permissions page. These aren't the only changes to login Google will be making. The use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe after April 20th, so if you are a developer relying on a webview redirect for OAuth to grant permissions you should consider changing to the official methods very soon before it breaks. Even some large companies like Airbnb and Pocket still haven't updated to the new methods, so it's worth taking a look. The rollout for the new sign-in is expected to be quite extended, potentially requiring more than two weeks for full visibility, so don't be surprised if you don't notice any changes to your sign-in process for a while. Most people probably won't notice much of a change beyond the cosmetic, anyway (although, our readers certainly aren't most people). Source: Google Support, G Suite Updates, G Suite Developers Blog, Medium Tags Google login Google SSO google+ sign in permissions privacy SSO subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay ... Next Story Fact Check goes global for Search and Google News results Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Trooper311 Was wondering when this was going to be rolling out. Thanks. Josh Crumley Of all the companies out there taking our personal data and using it for profit, Google is by far the least secretive about it. I'm glad they're making the permissions more detailed. Pixelexel I don't trust any company with my data other than Google. Kanoosh i don't even really trust google , but they are the least worst imo so i i go with them. :) HSidhu Google won't give your data to anyone, your Data is their power. Kanoosh never assume just because someone tells you something , that it is true.. i still hold plenty of caution with google as should everyone else.. no tin foil hats here, just reality of things... but i do hold them in higher regard for my personal data then any others , just always good to be safe. catalysto It's not just because "someone said so". It's because if Google was ever caught actually selling/releasing user data, they'd be completely screwed. Their entire business model depends on them keeping your data private. Sophia <-Everyone wants to make some extra money by part time jobs. here we are giving you the opportunity to earn extra money from home. Most of the people need a secondary income(part time jobs) to meet their financial needs. Home free jobs does share Four Methods to earn money. If you are interested, then join.!➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS vmxr you shouldn't trust any company at all all companies care about one thing Profit catalysto That is entirely untrue. Many business are not in it for the money. NooSH the only companies that are "not in it for the money" are the ones that go bankrupt and you never hear from them again.. don't ever be so naive to think a companies best interest is the consumer... it NEVER is. Portzblitz I pretty sure he/she's kidding. NooSH that's why i didn't go off with a rant instead just stuck to a more "light" reply haha.. juuuust incase. Summerer The 'keep me logged in' button will be removed and instead you will always stay logged in until you explicitly logout in a browser. Seems kinda insecure or at least intransparent for the average user Devin Rodriguez Honestly it's never been very effective for me anyway. Every few days I found myself having to re-enter my password and sometimes even my 2FA regardless of whether I checked the box or not. Rabia Atta they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Devin Rodriguez What? Indefinite Implosion they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Ryne Hager I agree, I think he was fairly clear on that point. Devin Rodriguez Oh, okay. BC This is interesting and I do like the the fact that the permissions are highlighted more than they were before. This is a good thing indeed! Bikram Agarwal ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe Thank god. I absolutely hate apps that do that for Google / Facebook / Twitter permission request. If the first party app is installed, popup permission request screen on those apps. Don't load a webview asking me to login with email, password, 2FA. I wish FB and Twitter will also do what Google is doing now. Drunk Squirrel Like how titanium backup opens a webview of Google sign in in order to backup to Google drive, as opposed to other apps which show up a single pop-up,, correct Ryne Hager Right? They've got libraries for that, why make me enter my information again on a device I'm already logged in on? Imagine all the time that could have been saved. HSidhu hello @ryne Hager aka new guy :) Ryne Hager Yo! Josh Crumley Welcome to the club! Anish Bhalerao Great, informative article. But is this Android Police or Google Police? Sure, Android is from Google, but an article about Unilever cannot (always) be an article about Dove. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 309 1 Year Ago Today Opinion: As Smartphone Innovation Slows, Google's Nexus Program Is More Important Than Ever 2016/04/08 12:29pm PDTApr 8, 2016 89 2 Years Ago Today Google Calendar 5.2 Brings Back The Month View On Phones [APK Download] 2015/04/08 12:49pm PDTApr 8, 2015 6 3 Years Ago Today Pocket Updated To Version 5.4, Includes New Languages, Immersive Mode, And More 2014/04/08 5:52pm PDTApr 8, 2014 48 4 Years Ago Today The More I Watch This Virgin Mobile Ad Luring T-Mobile Customers Away With $100, The More It Makes Sense And That Scares Me 2013/04/08 8:35pm PDTApr 8, 2013 10 5 Years Ago Today PSA: You Can Now Send CyanogenMod Builds To ROM Manager With One Click Right From The Web 2012/04/08 8:05pm PDTApr 8, 2012 2 6 Years Ago Today Samsung DROID Charge Launching April 14 At Sears, Incredible 2 To Follow On April 21 2011/04/08 5:23pm PDTApr 8, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Google Turns On Universal Suggest In Mobile Search 2010/04/08 9:34pm PDTApr 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 97 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 121 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 24 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.658s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Menu Topics Business Impact Connectivity Intelligent Machines Rewriting Life Sustainable Energy 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Connectivity For Facebook and Google, the Best Way to Fight Fake News Is You Fact-check alerts and handy tips to help spot misinformation are useful, but they place the onus firmly on users. by Jamie Condliffe April 7, 2017 Recommended for You FDA Opens Genetic Floodgates with 23andMe Decision Quantum Computing Now Has a Powerful Search Tool Meet the Guys Who Sold “Neuralink” to Elon Musk without Even Realizing It A Robot with Its Head in the Cloud Tackles Warehouse Picking Self-Driving and Electric Cars Are Going to Have Tons of Strange Effects on Society The battle against fake news continues—but new features from Google and Facebook designed to help fight misinformation still firmly distance the companies from the thorny issue of choosing between real and fake content. In the wake of the presidential election, Facebook came under heavy criticism for the proliferation of fake news in its users’ feeds. Despite attempts to fix the problem, using third-party fact-checkers to flag potentially incorrect news, it remains an issue for the social network. And more recently Google also found itself criticized for allowing its search algorithms to happily serve up misinformation. Today, both companies have rolled out tools that they hope will ease the problem. Google has taken a page out of Facebook’s, er, book, adding a “Fact Check” tag to snippets of articles that appear under the News tab of its search results. Like Facebook, it uses analysis by fact-checking organizations to alert users to content that appears to be inaccurate. Ultimately, though, the system leaves the user to decide whether to believe the content or not. “These fact checks are not Google’s and are presented so people can make more informed judgments,” explain Google’s Justin Kosslyn and Cong Yu in a blog post describing the feature. “Even though differing conclusions may be presented, we think it’s still helpful for people to understand the degree of consensus around a particular claim and have clear information on which sources agree.” Meanwhile, Facebook’s new initiative also puts the onus on the user. Today, millions of users’ news feeds in 14 countries, including the U.S. and the U.K., will be splashed with banners that encourage people to learn “how to spot fake news.” The tips, which were developed by the U.K. fact-checking organization Full Fact, include sensible advice—from checking URLs, date stamps, and formatting, to questioning headlines and inspecting photographs. Facebook’s is only a temporary experiment, though, meant to last just “a few days.” Presumably if it’s successful the trial may be widened out—though what counts as success here is up for debate. Indeed, both Google and Facebook are painfully aware that this is an incredibly hard problem to solve. As we’ve pointed out in the past, deciding between what’s true and false can be incredibly difficult: there are murky lines between disagreeable opinions, bad information, and outright lies. Picking them apart is understandably something that both Internet giants are afraid to do. For his part, Mark Zuckerberg has stated that the issue is “complex, both technically and philosophically,” and that he wants the social network to “be extremely cautious about becoming arbiters of truth.” For now, then, that role falls to you. (Read more: Facebook, Google, Full Fact, “Google’s Algorithms May Feed You Fake News and Opinion as Fact,” “Facebook Will Try to Outsource a Fix for Its Fake-News Problem,” "Facebook’s Content Blocking Sends Some Very Mixed Messages") Cut off? Read unlimited articles today. Become an Insider Already an Insider? Log in. Tagged Facebook, Google, fake news Credit Image by Cody Williams | Flickr Jamie Condliffe News and Commentary Editor I’m the associate editor of news and commentary for MIT Technology Review. I put together our daily e-mail newsletter, The Download, from my base in London before everyone in the U.S. manages to wake up. I previously worked at New Scientist and… More Gizmodo, and I hold a PhD in engineering science from Oxford University. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Subscribe Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Recommended for You FDA Opens Genetic Floodgates with 23andMe Decision Quantum Computing Now Has a Powerful Search Tool Meet the Guys Who Sold “Neuralink” to Elon Musk without Even Realizing It A Robot with Its Head in the Cloud Tackles Warehouse Picking Self-Driving and Electric Cars Are Going to Have Tons of Strange Effects on Society More from Connectivity What it means to be constantly connected with each other and vast sources of information. A More Realistic Augmented Reality It’s not a consumer product (yet), but a startup’s AR headset could give HoloLens a run for its money. by Rachel Metz Can “Digital Therapeutics” Be as Good as Drugs? Entrepreneurs are betting on apps that improve—or just replace—prescription medication. by Christina Farr The Man Who Invented the World Wide Web Tim Berners-Lee, who recently received computing’s highest honor, talks about the past, present, and future of the Web. by Tom Simonite More from Connectivity From Our Advertisers Sponsored by IBM Digital Consequences in partnership with SAP AI is the New Black Provided by BBVA The Next Step in Finance: Exponential Banking Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe to Insider Basic. Insider Basic {! insider.prices.basic !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Six issues of our award winning magazine and daily delivery of The Download, our newsletter of what’s important in technology and innovation. {! insider.buttons.basic.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| / You've read all of your free articles this month. This is your last free article this month. You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe now or log in for unlimited online access.
GadgetHelpline Toggle navigation Twitter Facebook YouTube Tumblr Instagram Home News Categories Apple Android Blackberry Gaming General Gadgets Digital Cameras TV’s Internet PC’s Laptops Sat Navs & GPS Home Entertainment Smart Home IoT How to Interactive Guides Lifestyle Lifestyle News Lifestyle Guides Lifestyle How To What is Gadgethelpline Lifestyle Gadget Helpline Membership Benefits Join our club Refer a friend Contact Search Join our club Home » Posts » Apps » Google Wifi – First Impressions Google Wifi – First Impressions Facebook Twitter Google+ Print E-mail Posted by: Morgan Walker on 7 April, 2017 7:02 PM Google Wifi now available for use in the U.K., what is there to know about it and how do you get it to work? The new Wifi device from Google aims to put all your internet eggs in one basket. Many can relate to throttled internet, especially if you have a housemate that seems hellbent on downloading every film they can find on the internet. Well with Google Wifi this should be a thing of the past. The device uses Mesh Networking and it is not alone in this venture either. There are a few companies that use this system but today we will be having at look at Googles offering. The Mesh network is expandable as well; If you have a big house all you need do is add another Google Wifi to cover the Southern wing of course! Google Wifi AC1200 wireless speeds are fast enough for 4K video streaming as well so if 4K or VR are large factors in your household you will be pleased with this device. The Google Wifi has Bluetooth Smart Ready too. This means that any device bearing  the following logos will be compatible with the device: Ultimately, this means that the device is ready for your smart home to have devices added to it without compatibility issues. Setting up The device is an absolute breeze to setup and almost fun. Unfortunately you cannot play with the settings from anything other than a device running the Google Wifi app. Firstly, use the provided cables to connect your first Wifi point to your modem and power. Once the app is installed on your device the rest is on cruise control. Just follow Googles prompts on the screen and within 15 minutes your network should be setup. We tried this last night with no issue at all. Once the Network had  finalised it then downloaded some updates for 5 minutes and has been working without an issue since. The device allows you to setup a second network for guests which is great if you have people over and want to share a chromecast but nothing else on your private network. each device can be allowed for sharing within the app. We shall be monitoring the Network over the course of the next month and stress testing as everyone in the household games a lot and will probably scream like babies if there are any ping issues. Expect an in depth review later down the line here at the Gadgethelpline.       Facebook Twitter Google+ Print E-mail Tags: Google wifi, mesh network, U.K, WiFi Post a comment Cancel reply Your comment * Your email address will not be shared or made public. Name * Email * Please enter an answer in digits: nineteen − 13 = Related News Google Home – Released In The U.K. Today! Posted by Morgan Walker on 6 April, 2017 Kinesis Gaming – Freestyle Edge Keyboard Posted by Morgan Walker on 29 March, 2017 Google Wifi & Google Home – UK Launch Posted by Morgan Walker on 28 March, 2017 Razer Gamers Paid To Play Posted by Morgan Walker on 24 March, 2017 Apple Product Launch Posted by Morgan Walker on 21 March, 2017 Article categories: Apps, Broadband, Gadget News, General Gadgets, Home Entertainment, IoT, Mobile Phones, Networks, Smart Home Join our club! We are a unique technical support helpline covering the top selling gadgets in the UK. Sign up now Membership benefits Refer a friend Support and contact Cancellations Follow Gadget Helpline Tweets by @Gadget_Helpline Sponsored Link Gadget Helpline is part of the TMTI group of companies.© Copyright TMTI Ltd 2011, all rights reserved. Home Contact Gadget Helpline Terms and Conditions This site uses cookies: Find out more.Okay, thanks
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 59° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Clear to partly cloudy. Low 39F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 7, 2017 @ 5:15 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close Marcio Jose Sanchez ADDS MORE INFORMATION ON ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE THE PROPER FORMATTING - FILE - This Oct. 20, 2015, file photo, shows a sign outside Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Google will start offering “fact check” tags next to some news stories in search results in the tech industry’s latest effort to combat false and misleading news stories, on Friday, April 7, 2017. People who search for a topic in the regular search engine or the Google News section will see a conclusion such as “mostly true” or “false” next to news stories that had been fact checked by a participating organization, such as PolitiFact and Snopes.com. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) AP Google expands fact checking in news searches By ANICK JESDANUN AP Technology Writer Apr 7, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago 0 Marcio Jose Sanchez ADDS MORE INFORMATION ON ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE THE PROPER FORMATTING - FILE - This Oct. 20, 2015, file photo, shows a sign outside Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Google will start offering “fact check” tags next to some news stories in search results in the tech industry’s latest effort to combat false and misleading news stories, on Friday, April 7, 2017. People who search for a topic in the regular search engine or the Google News section will see a conclusion such as “mostly true” or “false” next to news stories that had been fact checked by a participating organization, such as PolitiFact and Snopes.com. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) NEW YORK (AP) — Google will expand the use of "fact check" tags in its search results — the tech industry's latest effort to combat false and misleading news stories. People who search for a topic in Google's main search engine or the Google News section will see a conclusion such as "mostly true" or "false" next to stories that have been fact checked. Google has been working with more than 100 news organizations and fact-checking groups , including The Associated Press, the BBC and NPR. Their conclusions will appear in search results as long as they meet certain formatting criteria for automation. Google said only a few of those organizations, including PolitiFact and Snopes.com, have already met those requirements; The Washington Post also says it complies. Google said it expects the ranks of compliant organizations to grow following Friday's announcement. Not all news stories will be fact checked. Multiple organizations may reach different conclusions; Google will show those separately. Still unanswered is whether these fact-check analyses will sway people who are already prone to believe false reports because they confirm preconceived notions. Glenn Kessler, who writes "The Fact Checker" column at The Washington Post, said in an email that Google's efforts should at least "make it easier for people around the world to obtain information that counters the spin by politicians and political advocacy groups, as well as purveyors of 'fake news.'" He added that "over time, I expect that people increasingly will want to read a fact-check on a controversial issue or statement, even if the report conflicts with their political leanings." Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Google started offering fact check tags in the U.S. and the U.K. in October and expanded the program to a handful of other countries in the subsequent months. Now the program is open to the rest of the world and to all languages. False news and misinformation, often masquerading as trustworthy news that spreads on social media, has gained attention since the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Google's announcement comes a day after Facebook launched a resource to help users spot false news and misleading information that spreads on its service. The resource is basically a notification that pops up for a few days. Clicking on it takes people to tips and other information on how to spot false news and what to do about it. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business Technology Search Technology Software Computing And Information Technology Online News Media News Media Media Online Media × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Thursday's late prep report PREP SCOREBOARD | Thursday, March 30 Muskie boys soccer battles through, edges Comets in opener Muskie boys track looks to state qualifiers to lead Area soccer preview: Teams building around pieces in place More on this topic Business Highlights L3 Technologies and Wal-Mart rise; Wells Fargo skids Phil Mickelson's gambler pal convicted: 'I'm in total shock' Correction: Sex Harassment Continues story KFC to stop using chickens raised with human antibiotics Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular Alexander: Muscatine Mayor Broderson hints at political deal during impeachment trial Live updates: Muscatine mayor impeachment hearing Hearing concludes on removal of Muscatine mayor West Liberty man charged in death of Muscatine bicyclist Colleen Fostervold Check out Rustic Pickin's — a store inspired by a plasma cutter Cottage at Discovery Park will be torn down Aftermath: First council meeting since Muscatine mayor's impeachment hearings School's Out: Free-thinking teacher encouraged students to explore the world Roger Stewart Whitlock Currents National 53 big colleges where it takes the most students more than four years to graduate Home and Garden How to make a small bathroom feel bigger +2 Features Ask a Designer: Finding a look you love in outdoor decor 7 Easy Weekend Brunch Recipes Tramaine Brock arrested in domestic violence case, released Popular Chinese comedian faces weapon, drug charges in NY Tigers top Red Sox 6-5 after wild 8th inning Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania.com Topics & Features Obituaries e-Edition Weather Contact us River levels Online features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter tech US world science US politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Google Google accused of 'extreme' gender pay discrimination by US labor department Allegations of possible employment violations emerge at court hearing as part of lawsuit to compel company, a federal contractor, to provide compensation data Google is a federal contractor, which means it is required to allow the DoL to inspect and copy records and information about its compliance with equal opportunity laws. Photograph: Thomas Trutschel/Photothek via Getty Images Google Google accused of 'extreme' gender pay discrimination by US labor department Allegations of possible employment violations emerge at court hearing as part of lawsuit to compel company, a federal contractor, to provide compensation data Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Sam Levin in San Francisco @SamTLevin email Friday 7 April 2017 18.48 EDT First published on Friday 7 April 2017 13.56 EDT Google has discriminated against its female employees, according to the US Department of Labor (DoL), which said it had evidence of “systemic compensation disparities”. As part of an ongoing DoL investigation, the government has collected information that suggests the internet search giant is violating federal employment laws with its salaries for women, agency officials said. “We found systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce,” Janette Wipper, a DoL regional director, testified in court in San Francisco on Friday. Reached for comment Friday afternoon, Janet Herold, regional solicitor for the DoL, said: “The investigation is not complete, but at this point the department has received compelling evidence of very significant discrimination against women in the most common positions at Google headquarters.” Herold added: “The government’s analysis at this point indicates that discrimination against women in Google is quite extreme, even in this industry.” US government drops effort to unmask anti-Trump Twitter account Read more Google strongly denied the accusations of inequities, claiming it did not have a gender pay gap. The explosive allegation against one of the largest and most powerful companies in Silicon Valley comes at a time when the male-dominated tech industry is facing increased scrutiny over gender discrimination, pay disparities and sexual harassment. The allegations emerged at a hearing in federal court as part of a lawsuit the DoL filed against Google in January, seeking to compel the company to provide salary data and documents to the government. Google is a federal contractor, which means it is required to allow the DoL to inspect and copy records and information about its its compliance with equal opportunity laws. Last year, the department’s office of federal contract compliance programs requested job and salary history for Google employees, along with names and contact information, as part of the compliance review. Google, however, repeatedly refused to hand over the data, which was a violation of its contractual obligations with the federal government, according to the DoL’s lawsuit. After the suit was originally filed, a company spokesperson claimed that Google had provided “hundreds of thousands of records” to the government and that the requests outlined in the complaint were “overbroad”, revealed confidential information, or violated employees’ privacy. Labor officials detailed the government’s discrimination claims against Google at the Friday hearing while making the case for why the company should be forced to comply with the DoL’s requests for documents. Wipper said the department found pay disparities in a 2015 snapshot of salaries and said officials needed earlier compensation data to evaluate the root of the problem and needed to be able to confidentially interview employees. “We want to understand what’s causing the disparity,” she said. Lisa Barnett Sween, one of Google’s attorneys, testified in opening remarks that the DoL’s request constituted a “fishing expedition that has absolutely no relevance to the compliance review”. She said the request was an unconstitutional violation of the company’s fourth amendment right to protection from unreasonable searches. Marc Pilotin, a DoL attorney, said: “For some reason or another, Google wants to hide the pay-related information.” In a statement to the Guardian, Google said: “We vehemently disagree with [Wipper’s] claim. Every year, we do a comprehensive and robust analysis of pay across genders and we have found no gender pay gap. Other than making an unfounded statement which we heard for the first time in court, the DoL hasn’t provided any data, or shared its methodology.” The company has recently claimed that it has closed its gender pay gap globally and provides equal pay across races in the US. Herold told the Guardian that the department “seeks additional information to ensure the accuracy of the department’s findings, because if the findings are confirmed, this is a troubling situation”. Google is not the first tech company to face legal action from the labor department over employment practices. In September, the DoL filed a lawsuit against Palantir, the Palo Alto data analytics company, alleging it systematically discriminated against Asian job applicants in its hiring process. Palantir has argued that the DoL’s analysis was flawed and the company has denied the accusations. Equal Pay Day: a wage gap fact check Read more In January, the department sued Oracle, another large tech company, claiming it paid white men more than others, leading to pay discrimination against women and black and Asian employees. Oracle claimed the case was “politically motivated” and said its employment decisions were based on merit and experience. In recent months, there has been uncertainty about the future of these kinds of aggressive DoL enforcement efforts under Donald Trump. The president has rolled back Obama-era protections for female workers, and some DoL staffers have raised concerns that the new administration will not embrace the agency’s core mission of supporting workers’ rights. An Oracle executive also joined Trump’s transition team, and the president’s close adviser Peter Thiel co-founded Palantir. In the Google case, the labor department’s lawyers have asked the court to cancel all of the company’s federal contracts and block any future business with the government if it continues to refuse to comply with the audit. Google began releasing diversity statistics in 2014 and reported last year that women made up 31% of its overall workforce and that only 2% of workers were black and 3% Latino. White employees accounted for 59% of the US workforce and Asians made up 32%. Topics Google Inequality Discrimination at work news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Google back to top tech US world science US politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:08 GMT, Apr 08, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeViral Dead on arrival? Google’s fake news fact-checkers mired in bias, controversy Published time: 7 Apr, 2017 18:04Edited time: 7 Apr, 2017 18:38 Get short URL © Francois Lenoir / Reuters Google has introduced a new feature to its search and news services to help combat the spread of fake news and provide better quality information to its users. “For the first time, when you conduct a search on Google that returns an authoritative result containing fact checks for one or more public claims, you will see that information clearly on the search results page,” the tech giant wrote in an online statement. Google has worked with fact-checking websites such as Snopes and Politifact in the past but this is the first time that such a feature has been added to the search function as well as on a global scale, reports The Verge. READ MORE: Google pledges ad policy change after backlash over adverts shown near extremist content Not only will the new feature highlight which fact-checkers have reviewed a given news story or piece of information, but will also link directly to their research, thus affording Google users a wider perspective and greater context for their searches. The new feature will emulate fact-checking websites by grading the information on a scale from true or partly true to partly false or false but it will not fully highlight fact-checkers’ results when they turn up in search. Google has stated that this will not impact the search ranking of the fact-checking sites. Any fact-checking organization from around the world can participate in the new feature by embedding an opt-in code on their website. #Google launches cybersecurity tools to protect elections and independent media from hackers https://t.co/AFrHmn3jP3pic.twitter.com/Mid4EnHQzj— RT (@RT_com) March 22, 2017 “Only publishers that are algorithmically determined to be an authoritative source of information will qualify for inclusion,” Google stated in its blog post. However, the scope of the new fact-checker is limited and will not yet prevent Google’s platform from being used to spread fake news, though Google’s team are working to fix that over the long term. “This information won’t be available for every search result, and there may be search result pages where different publishers checked the same claim and reached different conclusions,” Google said of the new service. Can we just skip to the part where Google lets David Brock set your search results? Fast-forward, a bit?— Seth Mandel (@SethAMandel) April 7, 2017 Seemingly washing its hands of any responsibility should fake news somehow filter through among the search results, Google added: "These fact checks are not Google’s and are presented so people can make more informed judgments." Several of the 115 fact-checkers that contribute to Google’s new feature have displayed clear bias in reporting, or even reported outright fake news stories. Washington Post latest blunder proves fake news is fine... if it involves Russia (Op-Edge) https://t.co/pgnl1CXYLx— RT (@RT_com) January 2, 2017 NBC, CNN, CBS, The New York Times and The Washington Post all feature among the fact-checkers. The latter, at the beginning of 2017, was forced to retract a story that claimed Russian hackers had “penetrated” the US electric grid at a Vermont utility. They remain on Google’s list, however. Washington Post retracts 'The Russians! hacked the power grid so WAR!' propaganda piece after being called out. https://t.co/CyWvPvBW6opic.twitter.com/Ep0H7oWXRl— Very Serious People™ (@TheXclass) January 1, 2017 For additional context, Google’s own featured snippets have had a variety of issues in the past, reports The Outline; from incorrectly listing US Presidents as members of the KKK to promoting claims that Former US President Barack Obama was going to institute martial law, which the company has sought to rectify. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Hot Topics: News Video Reviews Phones Tablets Android Nougat Apps How-to Submit a Tip greenbot Popular Stories: A list of all the Google Now voice commands 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks Search Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Apps All Apps Entertainment Software Games Productivity Software Social Media Utility Software Carriers Gadgets Google Services All Google Services Google Apps Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events All Tech Events Back to School Holiday Gift Guide News Tips Submit a tip Home Android News Android device updates: Android 7.1.2 arrives for Pixel and Nexus devices Android Wear 2.0 is finally hitting the LG Watch and Watch Urbane, while it's Nougat time for the Sprint Note 5 and S6 Edge+. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Derek Walter Greenbot | Apr 7, 2017 10:42 AM PT Credit: Jason Cross More like this Android device updates: Nougat rollout begins for the Moto Z Play Android device updates: A Nougat treat for the Nextbit Robin and T-Mobile HTC... Android device updates: Unlocked Galaxy S7, Axon 7 Mini, and Huawei Mate 9... Video Is Alexa as good on your phone? It was a relatively busy time on the Android update beat this week. Pixel and Nexus phones got some bug fixes, while a couple of more watches finally get the long-promised Android Wear 2.0 update. Let’s dive in to everything that has rolled through the update pipeline. Each week, we round up all the major software updates to hit the Android ecosystem, including phones and tablets on U.S. carriers, unlocked phones, smartwatches, and Android TV devices. Make sure your device is running the latest available software so you can enjoy new features—and fewer bugs and security holes. Google Pixel, XL, C, Nexus 6P, 5X, and Player: Android 7.1.2 started flowing out this week to several of Google’s latest devices. According to an announcement on the official Pixel User Community forum, you’ll see improved fingerprint swipe performance, Bluetooth connectivity, and battery usage alerts.  Additionally, this update fixes an early shutdown issue on the Pixel, a pink banding on the camera with some models, and addresses an audio popping issue others experienced when listening at a high volume. Additionally, there are some interface changes to the Pixel C. The Pixel launcher has finally arrived, and there’s an improved multitasking interface. The Nexus 6P, 5X, and Player also get bug fixes and the latest security patch. The 6P and 5X also gain swipe capabilities for the fingerprint sensor. It’s doing the usual staggered rollout, or you can download it directly from Google. Android Wear LG Watch R, Watch Urbane: You no longer need to be jealous of the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style. Android Wear 2.0 is on the way to LG’s current watches, according to reader reports to Android Police. Android Wear 2.0 has hit several watches in the last couple of weeks, but some holdouts like the Moto 360 second generation and Huawei Watch remain. Sprint Galaxy Note 5: Sprint is now delivering Nougat to your non-combustible Note. Be on the lookout for an over-the-air update that delivers all those neat features of Android Nougat. Galaxy S6 Edge+: The Nougat rollout is hitting this phone from the Samsung family as well. Just as with the Note 5, Sprint’s support page doesn’t list the update yet. But several readers filed a screenshot to SamMobile as evidence. So if you have this phone, hit that update button. Android Platform Distribution April update: Nougat had a solid month, according to Google’s own numbers. Android Developers The two available versions of Nougat are now on 4.9 percent of active devices, which is a 2.1 percent gain over last month’s numbers. While it may seem like a small gain, it’s quite the jump given the comparatively small number of devices actually running Nougat. The other good news is that the other versions of Android have remained relatively flat or decreased their slices of the pie. Once the Galaxy S8 and S8+ hit the wild, expect to see another big bump for Nougat. To comment on this article and other Greenbot content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Android Android Nougat Google Pixel Galaxy Android Wear Derek Walter is a freelance technology writer based in Northern California. He is the author of Learning MIT App Inventor, a hands-on guide to building your own Android apps. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Popular on Greenbot Dress up your texts with these 4 Android SMS-replacement apps Get a better messaging app that suits your texting style and personal preferences. The 15 best Android puzzle games for teasing your brain 10 must-have apps for your new Android phone Newsletter Get the latest news, trends, apps, and tips for your Android phone. Get our Greenbot download newsletter Go How to see Wi-Fi passwords on an Android phone What do you do when all you see is a sea of asterisks? (Hint: Rooting required.) How to get started with the Google Assistant on your Android phone No longer a Pixel exclusive, Google’s all-knowing oracle will transform the way you use Android. More from... Featured Stories Five to Try: YouTube TV, Archer, P.I., Libby, more Google's cord-cutting service leads this week in new Android releases. The 15 best Android puzzle games for teasing your brain The Play Store has an abundance of great puzzlers, and we've picked the cream of the crop. Moto G5 Plus review: Inexpensive doesn't have to mean cheap Last year, Motorola’s G4 lineup didn’t live up to its predecessors. This year, Moto gets back on track.... Great Google apps you didn't know you needed All Android phones come with a bunch of pre-loaded Google apps, but these you'll have to download from... Sponsored Links Building a cloud business case? Need data to back up your cloud strategy? Greenbot Follow us Apps Carriers Gadgets Google Services Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events News Tips Submit a tip Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Twitter Facebook Follow us: Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media Tools Advertise Google Continues to Crack Down on Fake Google Maps Listings News· Local Search April 7, 2017 Local Search News Matt SouthernApril 7, 2017 SEJ STAFF 295SHARES 1.1KREADS 295SHARES 1.1KREADS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 295SHARES 1.1KREADS ADVERTISEMENT Google has released new data which details its recent efforts to keep fake listings off Google Maps. Most notably, the search giant has reduced the number of fake listings by 70% from an all-time peak in June 2015. The company recognizes there is rampant abuse within Google My Business, which extends to Google Maps and Search, involving bad actors registering fake listings to defraud businesses or extort customers. What makes local listing scams different from other types of online scams is those perpetrating the scams have to be located relatively close to their victims. Google says “this fundamentally changes both the scale and types of abuse possible.” Google teamed up with the University of California, San Diego to commission a study on those abusing Google Maps so the company could improve its efforts and keep users safe. Here are some key details of what the study found. Most Common Types of Fake Listings Roughly 2 out of 5 fake listings consist of bad actors posing as locksmiths, plumbers, electricians, and other contractors. Even though Google would routinely discover and disable these fake listings, the perpetrators would create more by cycling through non-existent postal addresses and disposable VoIP phone numbers. Roughly 1 out of 10 fake listings belonged to legitimate businesses which scammers managed to claim ownership of. These listings belong to businesses such as hotels and restaurants. On the customers’ end, reserving a room or ordering a meal would seem just like the real thing. However, the businesses were being defrauded into paying referral fees for organic interest. How Google is Keeping Fake Listings Off Google Maps Based on what Google has learned, it has since implemented an advanced verification process for locksmiths and plumbers. Other improvements include: Prohibiting bulk registrations at most addresses Preventing businesses from relocating a great distance from their original address without additional verification Detecting and ignoring intentionally mangled text in address fields designed to confuse Google’s algorithms Adapting anti-spam machine learning systems to detect data discrepancies common to fake or deceptive listings Since putting these measures in please, Google has been able to detect and disable 85% of fake listings before they appear to the public. Google says less than 0.5% of local searches lead to fake listings now. Google will be presenting its full report on Google Maps abuse at the International World Wide Web Conference on April 7, 2017. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts Google Local Pack Down to 3 Listings, Address & Phone Number Removed Google Fights Fraud by Cracking Down on Plumbers and Locksmiths Add Missing Businesses to Google Maps Via the iOS App Google AdSense Ads No Longer Allowed on Fake News Sites ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) YouTube Channels With Under 10K Views Can No Longer Display Ads - April 7, 2017 Ask.com Accidentally Leaks Private Search Query Data - April 7, 2017 Google Continues to Crack Down on Fake Google Maps Listings - April 7, 2017 Download: The Beginner's Guide to SEO A Complete Guide to Getting Started in SEO. Invalid email address.   ADVERTISEMENT Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar How to Execute Scalable Enterprise Link Building Campaigns Wed. April 19th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Search Engine Nerds Best Practices for 2017 SEO Audits See all Search Engine Nerds Podcasts ADVERTISEMENT Popular Posts 1 Google Maps Now Lets You Review Continents and Oceans 8.1K reads 4/6/2017 2 Google Introduces Verified Customer Reviews, Retires Trusted Stores Program 7.4K reads 4/4/2017 3 The Death of Organic Search (As We Know It) 7.2K reads 3/29/2017 4 Old-School SEO: 6 On-Page Optimization Techniques that Google Hates 7.1K reads 3/16/2017 5 8 Modern Link Acquisition Tactics that Work 6.4K reads 3/13/2017See All Popular Posts ADVERTISEMENT [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Twitter Facebook Follow us: Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media Tools Advertise Google Expands “Fact Check” Tag to Search Results and News Articles Worldwide News April 7, 2017 News Matt SouthernApril 7, 2017 SEJ STAFF 73SHARES 126READS 73SHARES 126READS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 73SHARES 126READS ADVERTISEMENT Google is expanding its “Fact Check” tag to search results and news articles worldwide. The tag signifies that a piece of content includes information which has been fact checked by news publishers and fact-checking organizations. Fact Check was first introduced in October and was only made available in Google News for select countries. Now, for the first time ever, it is available in the main set of search results pages. Qualifying content will be represented by a snippet which includes information on the claim, who made the claim, and to what degree the claim is true. Here is an example: Google notes this won’t be available for every search, and there may even be instances where different publishers checked the same claim and came to different conclusions. ”These fact checks are not Google’s and are presented so people can make more informed judgements. Even though differing conclusions may be presented, we think it’s still helpful for people to understand the degree of consensus around a particular claim and have clear information on which sources agree.” Publishers must meet a strict set of criteria in order to be included in this feature. First, they must be using the Schema.org ClaimReview markup on pages where public statements have been fact checked. Second, publishers will only be included if they are algorithmically determined to be an authoritative source of information. Lastly, Google says ”Content must adhere to the general policies that apply to all structured data markup, the Google News Publisher criteria for fact checks, and the standards for accountability and transparency, readability or proper site representation as articulated in our Google News General Guidelines.” Failing to meet these standards may result in Google ignoring a site’s ClaimReview markup. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts Uncover the Truth With Google’s New Fact Check Labeling System Google Expands ‘Post Directly to Search Results’ Feature to More Small Businesses Google Expands Property Sets to More Reports in Search Console Google Loses Appeal, Forced to Expand Right to Be Forgotten Worldwide ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) YouTube Channels With Under 10K Views Can No Longer Display Ads - April 7, 2017 Ask.com Accidentally Leaks Private Search Query Data - April 7, 2017 Google Continues to Crack Down on Fake Google Maps Listings - April 7, 2017 Download: Our E-Books For Free Get our latest SEO guide, social media strategy, and content marketing whitepaper by subscribing to our newsletter below! Invalid email address.   ADVERTISEMENT Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar How to Execute Scalable Enterprise Link Building Campaigns Wed. April 19th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Search Engine Nerds Best Practices for 2017 SEO Audits See all Search Engine Nerds Podcasts ADVERTISEMENT Popular Posts 1 Google Maps Now Lets You Review Continents and Oceans 8.1K reads 4/6/2017 2 Google Introduces Verified Customer Reviews, Retires Trusted Stores Program 7.4K reads 4/4/2017 3 The Death of Organic Search (As We Know It) 7.2K reads 3/29/2017 4 Old-School SEO: 6 On-Page Optimization Techniques that Google Hates 7.1K reads 3/16/2017 5 8 Modern Link Acquisition Tactics that Work 6.4K reads 3/13/2017See All Popular Posts ADVERTISEMENT [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Google Thinks It Can Solve Artificial Intelligence’s Privacy Problem Can AI use your phone data without being creepy? Our phones contain our entire lives. Appointments, photos, loves, losses—hell, even our favourite words and emojis are all stored on our devices. It's all very tantalizing for companies like Google and Apple, which are developing algorithms that can read emotions in faces or auto-complete sentences, but only after being trained on a ton of user data. The million dollar question is: How do you get that data without making a whole bunch of privacy-conscious people really angry? Google suggested a novel solution in a new blog and research paper this week, which explain what the company is calling "federated learning." If all goes according to plan, Google will be able to train its deep learning AI on sensitive data from millions of phones without Google ever seeing the data itself. "Beyond Gboard query suggestions, for example, we hope to improve the language models that power your keyboard based on what you actually type on your phone (which can have a style all its own) and photo rankings based on what kinds of photos people look at, share, or delete," a blog by Google scientists Brendan McMahan and Daniel Ramage states. The idea behind "federated learning" is to train AI on your phone. Normally, AI training has to be done with all of the data sitting on the one server. But with federated learning, the data is spread across millions of phones with a tiny AI sitting on all of them, learning the user's patterns of use. Instead of the raw data being sent to a Google training server, the phone AI transmits an encrypted "update" that only describes what it's learned, to Google's main AI where it's "immediately" aggregated with the updates from every other phone. The individual update itself isn't stored, Google states. This solves the problem of Google seeing your sensitive information, but it doesn't prevent someone from reverse-engineering what an AI's learned to glean some knowledge about the underlying training data. It's well-known that features from training data can filter up to the decisions an AI makes, especially when it comes to prejudices. To solve this problem, the Google researchers suggest that looking to something called "differential privacy" might be a next step. Last year, Apple announced that its AI training would start using a branch of cryptography called "differential privacy," which makes relies upon a host of different mathematical techniques to render sensitive information unidentifiable. However, Wired noted at the time, the company's focus on privacy methods likely implied sending more data to Apple than ever before, even if it's obscured. If differential privacy and federated learning could be combined, Google's research paper states, then we'd have a framework for making sure companies using AI never see actual user data, and nobody could reverse-engineer it. But that's a research paper for another time. Subscribe to pluspluspodcast , Motherboard's new show about the people and machines that are building our future.
Google expands fact checking in news searches - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Toledo man arrested after allegedly attacking son with hatchet Call for Action Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Google expands fact checking in news searches 2017-04-07T20:18:53Z2017-04-07T20:18:53Z (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File). FILE - This Oct. 20, 2015, file photo, shows a sign outside Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Google will start offering “fact check” tags next to some news stories in search results in the tech industr... By ANICK JESDANUN AP Technology Writer NEW YORK (AP) - Google will expand the use of "fact check" tags in its search results - the tech industry's latest effort to combat false and misleading news stories. People who search for a topic in Google's main search engine or the Google News section will see a conclusion such as "mostly true" or "false" next to stories that have been fact checked. Google has been working with more than 100 news organizations and fact-checking groups , including The Associated Press, the BBC and NPR. Their conclusions will appear in search results as long as they meet certain formatting criteria for automation. Google said only a few of those organizations, including PolitiFact and Snopes.com, have already met those requirements; The Washington Post also says it complies. Google said it expects the ranks of compliant organizations to grow following Friday's announcement. Not all news stories will be fact checked. Multiple organizations may reach different conclusions; Google will show those separately. Still unanswered is whether these fact-check analyses will sway people who are already prone to believe false reports because they confirm preconceived notions. Glenn Kessler, who writes "The Fact Checker" column at The Washington Post, said in an email that Google's efforts should at least "make it easier for people around the world to obtain information that counters the spin by politicians and political advocacy groups, as well as purveyors of 'fake news.'" He added that "over time, I expect that people increasingly will want to read a fact-check on a controversial issue or statement, even if the report conflicts with their political leanings." Google started offering fact check tags in the U.S. and the U.K. in October and expanded the program to a handful of other countries in the subsequent months. Now the program is open to the rest of the world and to all languages. False news and misinformation, often masquerading as trustworthy news that spreads on social media, has gained attention since the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Google's announcement comes a day after Facebook launched a resource to help users spot false news and misleading information that spreads on its service. The resource is basically a notification that pops up for a few days. Clicking on it takes people to tips and other information on how to spot false news and what to do about it. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Trump objections don't stop overhaul of Baltimore police Trump objections don't stop overhaul of Baltimore police Posted: Saturday, April 8 2017 2:19 AM EDT2017-04-08 06:19:32 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 8 2017 2:19 AM EDT2017-04-08 06:19:32 GMT An agreement negotiated under the Obama administration to overhaul the troubled Baltimore police department will go ahead despite objections from the Trump administration.More >> An agreement negotiated under the Obama administration to overhaul the troubled Baltimore police department will go ahead despite objections from the Trump administration.More >> Slow-moving landslide near site of 2014 slide shuts road Slow-moving landslide near site of 2014 slide shuts road Authorities say a road has been closed and some evacuations were recommended near a slow-moving landslide close to the site of a massive deadly slide northeast of Seattle in 2014.More >> Authorities say a road has been closed and some evacuations were recommended near a slow-moving landslide close to the site of a massive deadly slide northeast of Seattle in 2014.More >> China president's plane stops in Alaska after Trump visit China president's plane stops in Alaska after Trump visit Posted: Saturday, April 8 2017 2:10 AM EDT2017-04-08 06:10:21 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 8 2017 2:10 AM EDT2017-04-08 06:10:21 GMT Chinese President Xi Jinping was able to take in views Friday night of the natural beauty that Alaska has to offer.More >> Chinese President Xi Jinping was able to take in views Friday night of the natural beauty that Alaska has to offer.More >> Seattle mayor denies sex abuse claims - 'simply not true' Seattle mayor denies sex abuse claims - 'simply not true' Posted: Friday, April 7 2017 11:19 PM EDT2017-04-08 03:19:03 GMT Updated: Friday, April 7 2017 11:19 PM EDT2017-04-08 03:19:03 GMT The mayor of Seattle has been accused of sex abuse in a lawsuit and a media report.More >> The mayor of Seattle has been accused of sex abuse in a lawsuit and a media report.More >> Alabama governor halts impeachment, not disparaging report Alabama governor halts impeachment, not disparaging report Posted: Friday, April 7 2017 10:19 PM EDT2017-04-08 02:19:02 GMT Updated: Friday, April 7 2017 10:19 PM EDT2017-04-08 02:19:02 GMT Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley has won a court fight to halt his looming impeachment hearings, but he couldn't prevent the release of a disparaging investigative report.More >> Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley has won a court fight to halt his looming impeachment hearings, but he couldn't prevent the release of a disparaging investigative report.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Google adds fact-check findings to search and news results The Verge Jacob Kastrenakes 23 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 15 most overpaid CEOs in America 50 products that are still made in America © Provided by The Verge Following Facebook’s lead, Google is calling on fact-checking organizations to help it bust fake news. But it’s starting in a pretty small way. Popular Searches Barclays PLC BCS ▼ 10.68 -0.08 -0.74% Weight Watchers International Inc WTW ▲ 16.04 +0.15 +0.94% MSC Co Ltd 009780 ▲ 14,200.00 +550.00 +4.03% Netflix Inc NFLX ▼ 143.11 -0.63 -0.44% Beginning today, Google will present richer information from fact-checking sites like PolitiFact and Snopes when they show up in search and news results. Those sites will be able to display richer information on Google, including directly noting whether they’ve judged a claim to be true, false, or somewhere in between. What this update won’t do is improve the search rank for fact-checking sites or bring their information to the top of the page in Google’s “featured snippets” box. So while this change will help fact-checking sites stand out and have a better chance of reaching people, this doesn’t do anything to directly combat the use of Google’s platform to spread false or offensive stories. That’s increasingly being seen as a problem on Google. While Facebook has received the most attention for enabling the spread of fake news, people have spotted Google featuring more and more incorrect or inappropriate stories, like Holocaust denials and racist messages. The Outline collected more than a dozen examples in an article examining the problem. Google is taking some steps to resolve the issue through its moderation team. But while today’s changes should help to nudge people toward more accurate information, it doesn’t take strides to correct the problem, by, say, fully highlighting fact-checkers’ results when they turn up in search. That could be partly because Google expects some searches to turn up multiple fact-check results that come to different conclusions. Unlike Facebook, Google isn’t just sticking to a small, preselected group of fact-checkers. It’ll let any organization offer richer results, so long as they add some extra code to their webpage. Google won’t necessarily show information from all sites that claim to be fact-checkers, however. “Only publishers that are algorithmically determined to be an authoritative source of information will qualify for inclusion,” the company writes in a blog post. It didn’t say exactly how that determination will be made. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From The Verge Check out Mastodon, the hot new open-source Twitter clone The Verge Twitter sues US government over attempt to unmask anti-Trump account The Verge Polar’s M430 watch has wrist-based heart rate sensors The Verge The Verge View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What you need to know on Wall Street today Business Insider Apr. 7, 2017, 1:20 PM 527 facebook linkedin twitter email print Ray Dalio talks at the Alpha Exchange panel at the CNBC Institutional Investor Delivering Alpha conference September 13th in NYC Heidi Gutman / CNBC Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours.   Lloyd Blankfein, the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, decided a couple of years ago that one of his star executives needed a mentor. A little while later, Marty Chavez, who is about to become the bank's chief financial officer, received an unexpected email. "Hey Marty, I'd like to come over to your office to introduce myself," it said. It was from Eric Schmidt, chairman of Google's parent company, Alphabet. "We've been talking ever since about the similarities in the businesses," Chavez told a group of computer scientists earlier this year about the message. "Some of the similarities are aspirational, I have to emphasize that, and some are there right now." Here's how Goldman Sachs is trying to become the Google of Wall Street.  Business Insider's global editor in chief Henry Blodget interviewed Ray Dalio, the founder of Bridgewater Associates,  on The Bottom Line , Business Insider's new weekly business news show. Here are the headlines: RAY DALIO: There is a human tragedy taking place in America Ray Dalio explains why we may be repeating the mistakes of the 1930s Watch The Bottom Line here In related news, there has been a shake-up in the trading department at Bridgewater Associates. US employers added 98,000 nonfarm payrolls in March, far fewer than forecast, according to a report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics released Friday. While the headline number fell short, for one industry it was even worse. The retail industry lost 29,700 jobs in the month of March, following a 30,900 loss in February, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Canada's jobs report crushed expectations, meanwhile.  The US launched 59 cruise missiles on Shayrat airfield and nearby military infrastructure controlled by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, in response to a chemical attack that killed at least 80 people in the northwestern part of the country on Monday. Here's how the markets reacted: Oil spiked Gold and silver jumped Defense stocks spiked The Russian ruble dropped Two men are facing charges for alleged insider trading ahead of Intel's $15 billion Mobileye acquisition. And Preet Bharara says his firing was due to the Trump administration's "helter-skelter" incompetence. An Illinois city just stepped into the war on drug pricing against Big Pharma. Lyft just raised $500 million to aid its fight against Uber. We took a ride in a $416,000 Rolls-Royce — and the best features are in the back seat. Lastly, we shadowed a bunch of Wall Streeters during an early-morning training session for the most intense competition out there — here's what it was like. Here are the top Wall Street headlines from the past 24 hours. Suddenly everyone is obsessed with robots - Buzzwords crop up in the business world all the time, whether it's "synergies" or "unicorn," there's always a new term of the moment for companies and investors. Walmart thinks it has 4 strategic advantages over Amazon - The war between Amazon and Walmart is well known in the world of retail.  UBS: Shanghai Disneyland is a major success - While many analysts are focused on Disney's film cycle or ESPN problems, UBS thinks that Disney's theme parks, in particular Shanghai Disneyland, will be the big determining factor behind Disney's near-term earnings growth. CREDIT SUISSE: Everyone else on Wall Street is wrong about these 12 stocks - Credit Suisse circulated a list of contrarian stock ideas to clients in a note sent out on April 7. US oil-rig count rises for 12th straight week, Baker Hughes says - The US oil-rig count rose again this week, by 10 to 672, according to oilfield-services provider Baker Hughes. It's the highest level since the week of August 28, 2015.  The best beer from every state - There's nothing like a crisp, cold glass of beer when you're ready to unwind after a long day, and every state has brews that stand out above the rest.  SEE ALSO: The 27 most important finance books ever written Follow Finance Insider and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Finance Insider and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Finance Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What you need to know on Wall Street today What you need to know on Wall Street today Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Corner Bench Memos Bench Magazine Subscribe Login Donate The Path to Protecting Americans’ Online Privacy (Photo: Maxkabakov/Dreamstime) Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by Michael O'Rielly April 7, 2017 1:23 PM If you look past the recent hysteria fomented by critics of Congress & the FCC, the way forward becomes clear. Over the past few weeks, an extensive scare campaign has misled many Americans into believing that Congress and the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) are threatening their Internet privacy. These untrue accusations have generated borderline hysteria, to the point where, as an FCC commissioner, I was grilled by two friends on the topic at a recent wedding. To counter this misinformation, it’s important to understand how data is currently used in the Internet economy, which federal agencies oversee Internet privacy, and the effect of legislation recently enacted by Congress. At the same time, we must consider what can be done to protect consumers’ private information no matter whose hands it ends up in, on and off the Internet. Everyone should acknowledge a simple truth: The heart and soul of today’s Internet economy is the collection of data, mainly for use in targeted advertising. From commercial companies to political campaigns, advertising dollars are increasingly being spent on the web, rather than on traditional media. Jeopardize this arrangement and a vast number of free Internet features and functions will evaporate in short order. Take for instance Google, which is one of the largest American companies and certainly a dominant Internet force. It makes a large portion of its overall revenue from the desktop and mobile versions of Google search, even though this service — and Google’s many others, such as YouTube and Gmail — are essentially “free” to use. Its largest revenue stream comprises advertising based on keyword searches from users and ad placements from third parties. It collects, slices, and dices users’ search information for purposes of performance analytics, which allows for greater precision in the targeting of ads to interested consumers — a proven source of profit. It is by no means alone in its approach, as almost every Internet entity (webpages, applications, operating systems, e-mail clients, etc.) collects consumers’ data in one way or another. In fact, those that fail to do so have effectively found themselves shunned by the debt and equity markets. In terms of current privacy protections, Internet-data collection and use has been and remains effectively overseen by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), with a few notable exceptions. In particular, in 2015, the FCC decided to impose draconian regulatory burdens on broadband providers under the misnomer of the “Open Internet.” One consequence of the FCC’s decision to assert authority over broadband providers was to dismantle the FTC’s previous role in overseeing the privacy practices of these very same entities. To address the void it had created, the FCC then decided, in the waning days of the Obama administration, to devise its own privacy regime exclusively for broadband providers. Unwilling to replicate the FTC’s time-tested and sensible approach, the FCC ratcheted up the privacy standard to require new “opt in” procedures for hastily defined categories of data, such as application usage, web-browsing history, and geolocation. This was done even though this data can be used for benign and consumer-friendly purposes. The disparate treatment of broadband providers as compared with all other Internet companies is important, and it helps explain the recent legislative activity (but not the attendant uproar). Using the Congressional Review Act, Congress recently passed, and President Trump signed, legislation to effectively nullify the new FCC privacy rules before they even went into effect. Basically, lawmakers rejected the FCC’s creation of an uneven playing field disadvantaging broadband providers. It found — rightly, I think — that there was no reason to single out the privacy practices of broadband providers for heightened scrutiny, especially since they have less access to consumer information than other Internet companies. This is, in part, because the increased use of encryption technologies throughout the online ecosystem cloaks such data from broadband providers’ collection or use, and in part because the availability of multiple platforms from which consumers can access the Internet (e.g., wireline, wireless, or wi-fi networks) means that no one provider can have the full picture of an individual’s habits required to effectively deploy targeted ads. Some will try to argue that Congress’s action, combined with a questionable recent Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals decision, creates a loophole for broadband providers to exploit. These agitators suggest that the Ninth Circuit’s decision, which utilized an exceedingly broad interpretation of the law and may yet be overturned on appeal, means that the FTC effectively cedes its power to protect users’ privacy whenever a company initiates a so-called “common carrier service.” Others will complain that broadband providers can now sell individual consumers’ browsing histories. In point of fact, these arguments are red herrings. By using its powers under the CRA, Congress has paved the way for the FCC to reset broadband privacy when it revisits its “Open Internet” decision, hopefully soon. One option squarely on our plate is to delete those rules altogether, thereby reinstating the FTC’s historic role in holistically and rationally overseeing the privacy practices and commitments of all participants in the Internet economy. Moreover, a common review of the privacy practices of Internet companies reveals that they generally meet the privacy expectations of their users. These companies have little interest in abusing their customers’ trust, insofar as doing so risks losing valuable business. For instance, contrary to popular belief, no respectable company — broadband provider or otherwise — sells the web-browsing histories of individuals; instead, many websites, e-mail services, and apps sell ad slots based on data about prior user Internet activity, provided most commonly by browsers or search engines. In other words, if individuals search for high-end women’s shoes, they may see instantaneous targeted ads for Nordstrom or Jimmy Choo. But most broadband providers don’t do this and don’t have the capability to do it even if they would like to. While the current FCC can act to reinstate the FTC’s authority by undoing the overreach of the “Open Internet” decision, a long-term and sustainable solution to consumer privacy is for Congress to step forward and enact balanced privacy legislation. Ideally, any such legislation would govern offline and online information collection and use practices alike, protecting appropriate uses of collected data. It would clear up any residual uncertainty caused by the Ninth Circuit’s ruling. And it would establish rules based on how sensitive particular information is to users, rather than what type of information it is or who possesses it. Anything less would do a disservice to Internet companies and consumers alike. — Michael O’Rielly is a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission. Load More Photo Essay Defending America About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
The Government Watchdog Home About Us About Watchdog.org FAQs Watchdog.org Staff Staff Openings Steal our Stuff! Subscribe to our Emails States Arizona Florida Mississippi Ohio Pennsylvania Vermont Wisconsin Series City in Bondage Deadly Delays at the SSA The Google Administration Mississippi’s $6 billion boondoggle Nanny State of the Week Pennsylvania’s Ghost Teachers Tomah, WI VA Scandal Trouble in Texas Unsung Heroes Watchdog Podcast Wisconsin’s Secret War Authors John Bicknell Michael Bielawski Christian Britschgi Erin Clark Kathy Hoekstra Johnny Kampis M.D. Kittle Emma Lamberton Bruce Parker William Patrick Ashe Schow Lou Varricchio James Wigderson Steve Wilson Issues Accountability Budget and Spending Campus Culture Education Energy and Environment Federal Government First Amendment Health Care Immigration Judiciary Labor Pensions Regulations State Government Taxes Technology Subscribe Donate Arizona Florida Mississippi Ohio Vermont Wisconsin Nanny State Home  >  Vermont  >  Vermont AG’s office admits it blocked public records release based on requesters’ politics Vermont AG’s office admits it blocked public records release based on requesters’ politics By Michael Bielawski  /   April 7, 2017  /   News  /   No Comments The Vermont Attorney General’s office chooses which public records requests it will honor after Googling requesters’ political leanings, an attorney admitted during oral arguments in a recent transparency case. On June 13, 2016, attorneys for the Energy and Environment Legal Institute and Free Market Environmental Law Clinic sued Vermont’s attorney general for withholding public records related to AGs United for Clean Power’s multi-state investigation of ExxonMobil and research groups opposed to climate change policies. GONE POLITICAL: Former Vermont Attorney General William Sorrell helped lead a multi-state inquiry into ExxonMobil and climate change skeptics while denying public records requests of groups he believed opposed the inquiry. According to the complaint, E&E Legal Institute requested the communications of the coalition of 17 attorneys general led by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman and Vermont Attorney General William Sorrell. The institute never received the records and has ongoing legal proceedings in Washington County Superior Court. According to a transcript of March 28 oral arguments before Superior Court Judge Mary Miles Teachout, Chief Assistant Attorney General William Griffin explained how the office decides which public records requests to honor. “We get a request from EELI and so one thing we might consider is where are they — who are these people? Where are they going with this? And we Google them and we find, you know, coal or Exxon or whatever — and so we’re thinking this is — we better — we better give this some thought before we — before we share information with this entity,” Griffin said. “Or it might be a news organization and we think, well, what are they going to do with it? Well, they’re going to publish it to the world. So that would be — I mean, that would be my mental impression and, you know, let’s exercise some caution. Is there some public interest in publishing this information at this time? Probably not.” Matthew Hardin, the attorney for the plaintiff, appeared stunned by the admission. “The broadness of the argument that the Attorney General is making, basically, that, under 1.6, everything is confidential, except for things that they selectively choose to disclose. Everything is exempt except what they choose to disclose, and now they say, because they’ve taken into consideration the best interests of the State of Vermont,” Hardin argued in response. “And it’s now come out in oral argument that one of the things that they do to determine who’s entitled or who they will provide public records to is they do a Google search. And it turns out that, when you Google my clients, you might find out things like coal or Exxon,” he said. “So my clients don’t have rights under the Public Records Act because a Google search conducted by Attorney General’s employees says that they’re bad people, basically, and I just don’t think that’s what the law is. I believe that the law is neutral. I believe that it applies to all of the citizenry.” AGs United for Clean Power has since largely disbanded, in part due to embarrassing public record releases. The group formed in March 2016 to coordinate investigations into whether fossil fuel companies misled investors and the public about climate change. Critics accuse the AG coalition of trying to stifle free speech. RELATED: Vermont AG office tight-lipped about ExxonMobil investigations workgroup Hardin told Vermont Watchdog the Vermont attorney general’s office conspired with other state attorneys general to refuse public records requests. “This is sort of a case about a case,” Hardin said. “The state of Vermont signed a contract with a whole bunch of other states, including New York, and what that said was they were going to share documents with each other and they weren’t going to supply these documents in response to public records requests.” He added that Vermont public records law doesn’t allow selective handling of public records requests, and even if it did, E&E Legal Institute would challenge it as a violation of the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment. “The legislature has made clear that it’s in the public interest of the state of Vermont … to provide records even though those records might be embarrassing,” he said. “And I think the attorney general is conflating and getting a little bit confused what are his personal interest versus what is the best interest for the state of Vermont.” The Vermont Office of Attorney General did not respond to Watchdog’s requests for comment. Michael Bielawski is a reporter for Vermont Watchdog.org. You can contact him at [email protected] Click here to LEARN HOW TO STEAL OUR STUFF! Michael Bielawski Michael Bielawski is a freelance reporter for Vermont Watchdog. A Seton Hall 2005 graduate, Bielawski has been writing articles for various publications in and around New York City; Seoul, South Korea; and Vermont. He’s a writer for the Hardwick Gazette, keeping track of rising school budgets and rural Vermont issues. He likes to write about energy and the environment, looking for angles not seen in mainstream media. At home, he’s busy looking after two little boys. During free time, he loves to watch Stanley Kubrick films on Netflix. [email protected] Sign-up for our Vermont Watchdog email list to receive the latest news and in-depth coverage. Don’t miss our news Get the latest on government waste, fraud, and abuse - directly in your inbox. Watchdog In Your State Arizona Florida Mississippi Ohio Pennsylvania Vermont Wisconsin More States… News Education Energy and Environment First Amendment Health Care Labor Pensions State Budgets Technology Connect Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Join us on Google+ Watch us on YouTube About Watchdog.org Contact Privacy Policy Copyright & Legal © 2017 Franklin Center for Government & Public Integrity
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Apr 8, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Google adds ‘fact check’ label to its news and search results Tool will identify claims within articles and show whether they are true or false about 14 hours ago The new Google tool will appear beneath key searches results. Photograph: Getty         Google will now fact-check search results as part of a new worldwide initiative to combat the spread of fake news. The technology giant has added a “fact check” label to news and search results globally for the first time, which identifies articles whose key points have been fact-checked independently. The new Google tool will appear beneath key searches results, showing a claim made within an article, who made it and if it is true or false according to Google certified fact-checking organisations and news publishers. The label, which Google has been trialling in some areas since last year, comes in the wake of Facebook announcing the launch of a new tool that aims to educate social media users on how to identify false news. “Google was built to help people find useful information by surfacing the great content that publishers and sites create,” the tech giant said in a blog post. “This access to high-quality information is what drives people to use the web and for contributors to continue to engage and invest in it. Overwhelming “However, with thousands of new articles published online every minute of every day, the amount of content confronting people online can be overwhelming. And unfortunately, not all of it is factual or true, making it hard for people to distinguish fact from fiction.” Google said the label will be used to help readers make “informed” decisions on what to read and whether it can be trusted as a source of information. “For the first time, when you conduct a search on Google that returns an authoritative result containing fact checks for one or more public claims, you will see that information clearly on the search results page,” the tech giant said. Google said the information would not be available for every search result. Other internet giants including Facebook, Twitter and Microsoft have been heavily criticised in recent weeks over the policing of a range of content on their platforms, with governments urging them to do more to reduce illegal and extremist content appearing online. – (PA)       Topics: Facebook Google Microsoft Twitter Read More Samsung tips best quarterly profit in over three years GirlCrew founders scoop Junior Chamber award Jeff Bezos selling $1bn a year in Amazon stock to finance space race Twitter unveils ‘lite’ version for poor data connections  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Transport & Tourism Cork runway may be too short for Norwegian Air flights to New York Work Why managers struggle to motivate employees Golf Rory McIlroy lurking with intent after tough Masters grind Innovation Adidas plans to mass-produce 3D-printed runners Sponsored Let a Hume PhD scholarship unlock your potential at Maynooth University Broadband and digital technology essential for Irish business growth Lifting the diamond to a higher level Advice for Irish companies preparing for Brexit? Act now Latest Business All change in the upper ranks of the Central Bank 07:01 German bosses say Brexit may have silver lining for Ireland 07:00 Bank of Ireland being left behind on new payment methods 06:45 Business Week: Central Bank hails economy as Brexit preparations continue 06:35 Late 2016 UK growth surge starting to run out of steam 06:26 Tech Tools Run Angel keeps a watchful eye over owners Tech Tools: Wearable safety device offers instant alerts to ‘guardian network’ Review: Google Chromecast Ultra – to 4K or not to 4K? Tech Tools: Streaming device eyes growing ultra high-definition market Urban Armor Gear sees phone protection get rugged Tech Tools: Say goodbye to dull and chunky cases and embrace difference Could Paqsule mean the end of stinky gym bags? Tech Tools: High-tech bag uses UV technology to zap bacteria at the touch of a button Most Read in Business 1 German bosses say Brexit may have silver lining for Ireland 2 Brexiteers prove that stupid is as stupid does 3 Cork runway may be too short for Norwegian Air flights to New York 4 Zuma dices with junk status for South Africa to bolster political hold 5 Bank of Ireland being left behind on new payment methods 6 Late 2016 UK growth surge starting to run out of steam 7 Brexit: Guinness Border crossings highlights potential costs 8 Aviation sector will be at sharp end of Brexit battle 9 Ryanair offers connecting flights for the first time 10 Christoph Mueller tipped for top job at Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Internet future is gloomy and troll-filled, survey predicts Facebook Live adds ‘donate’ button for fundraisers Xbox One update brings Beam Streaming to gamers Is the PC finally cool again? Moleskine calendar app is stylish and smart Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 8/4/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Google's new 'Fact Check' tags help combat fake news Listen | Print By James Walker     13 hours ago in Technology Google has announced a new fact check feature as part of its latest effort to resist the spread of fake news. Websites accredited as "authoritative sources" will now be highlighted in search results and a "fact check" tag shown for investigated claims. Google said the feature will help increase the quality of information online. It is partnering with news publishers and fact-checking organisations worldwide to enable the new badges. There are now over 115 groups which help journalists to verify whether claims are accurate. Google isn't manually marking articles as authoritative which could introduce a margin for error. The company will be relying on specially developed algorithms to identify trustworthy news sources and reports. This is required to keep the "fact check" tag neutral, ensuring the judgement doesn't end up representing a Google opinion on the matter. In some cases, search results may exist where there are different conclusions on whether an article is authoritative. If different publishers review the same claim and make their own decisions, this will be highlighted so you can make an informed judgement. Google has decided it's better to display conflicting conclusions than to leave people without an overview of the opinions on a claim. Google Fact Check Google The Fact Check interface will be available globally in Google's search results pages and in Google News. It displays as a horizontally scrolling row of cards containing the section of the article where the claim was made, the person who made the claim and the result of each fact check on it. This will make it much easier to identify fake news stories without leaving the search results page. Google won't be using the results of fact checks to determine the rankings of search results. The company could bring this into consideration in the future but for now the fact checks serve to display the general consensus on the authenticity of an article's information. Google won't be penalising sites that post fake news either. There's currently no label to mark repeatedly untrustworthy sites. Google said it's launching the feature to help bring quality information to the surface of the Internet. This will ensure the long-term health of the web and news organisations which publish authentic and authoritative articles. "Google was built to help people find useful information by surfacing the great content that publishers and sites create," the company said. "This access to high quality information is what drives people to use the web and for contributors to continue to engage and invest in it." Google Fact Check Google Google's announcement comes in the same week that Facebook announced a new set of measures to impede the distribution of fake news on its platform. It is testing new ways to flag potentially untrustworthy articles alongside improvements to the News Feed that will bury fake reports. Both companies are stepping up their fight against fake news after being inundated with criticism earlier this year. After being accused of facilitating the spread of misinformation during the U.S. presidential campaign, Facebook has started to rise to the challenge of providing useful fake news moderation features. While Google's approach is less direct, partnering with fact check organisations to indicate legitimate articles in search results will help users to avoid being misled. More about Google, Fact check, fake news, Media, News   Google Fact check fake news Media News Journalism Search results Latest News Top News Sympathy for Sweden after Stockholm attack Op-Ed: Trump's missiles whistle and Trudeau changes his tune Competition on the cost of a rocket heats up between ULA, SpaceX U.S.-led coalition killed more Syrians than IS, Russia in March Review: Stevie Nicks magical at Nassau Coliseum for '24 Karat Gold' tour Special Pearl Jam, Joan Baez press activism at Rock Hall of Fame In France, bracing for possible Le Pen 'nightmare' New book about Huntington's Disease: 'Watching Their Dance' Special Review: Idina Menzel glorious at the new Nassau Coliseum on Long Island Special McLaren to 3D-print parts at trackside Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Dad, two teenage daughters among dead in St. Paul shooting U.S. strikes win global praise but ratchet up Russia tension Syrian-Americans in Minnesota find their views of Trump changing Plan for Rainbow site includes charter school Greater Twin Cities United Way misses giving goal, lays off 9 University of St. Thomas student hurt in accidental shooting Buxton's defense shines as Twins start 4-0 for first time since '87 McKinley Wright, Minnesota's Mr. Basketball, reopens recruitment Former Gophers hockey star Okposo improving after time in ICU 1960s Burnsville townhouse development is still stylish today More states closing highway rest stops to save money next TV & Media 418654293 Google expands fact checking in news searches By ANICK JESDANUN Associated Press April 7, 2017 — 3:15pm Eric Risberg, AP Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint NEW YORK — Google will expand the use of "fact check" tags in its search results — the tech industry's latest effort to combat false and misleading news stories. People who search for a topic in Google's main search engine or the Google News section will see a conclusion such as "mostly true" or "false" next to stories that have been fact checked. Google has been working with more than 100 news organizations and fact-checking groups , including The Associated Press, the BBC and NPR. Their conclusions will appear in search results as long as they meet certain formatting criteria for automation. Google said only a few of those organizations, including PolitiFact and Snopes.com, have already met those requirements; The Washington Post also says it complies. Google said it expects the ranks of compliant organizations to grow following Friday's announcement. Not all news stories will be fact checked. Multiple organizations may reach different conclusions; Google will show those separately. Still unanswered is whether these fact-check analyses will sway people who are already prone to believe false reports because they confirm preconceived notions. Glenn Kessler, who writes "The Fact Checker" column at The Washington Post, said in an email that Google's efforts should at least "make it easier for people around the world to obtain information that counters the spin by politicians and political advocacy groups, as well as purveyors of 'fake news.'" He added that "over time, I expect that people increasingly will want to read a fact-check on a controversial issue or statement, even if the report conflicts with their political leanings." Google started offering fact check tags in the U.S. and the U.K. in October and expanded the program to a handful of other countries in the subsequent months. Now the program is open to the rest of the world and to all languages. False news and misinformation, often masquerading as trustworthy news that spreads on social media, has gained attention since the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Google's announcement comes a day after Facebook launched a resource to help users spot false news and misleading information that spreads on its service. The resource is basically a notification that pops up for a few days. Clicking on it takes people to tips and other information on how to spot false news and what to do about it. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Dad, two teenage daughters among dead in St. Paul shooting Buxton's defense shines as Twins start 4-0 for first time since '87 What could Vikings offer for Seattle's Richard Sherman? Find the hot housing markets in the Twin Cities 1960s Burnsville townhouse development is still stylish today Tech leaders, others launch $14M 'News Integrity' nonprofit Earliest Tornado on Record for Minnesota (?) - Wild Winds Today - Don't Write Winter Off Just Yet It's empirical: Americans just don't trust science Why (and how) you should Snapchat with your kids and grandkids Readers Write (Sept. 23): National anthem, write-in candidates, prescription drug prices, cellphones, good guys with guns More From Variety Nation 3 minutes ago Retail store job cuts deepen as more buyers migrate online Retail stores are cutting jobs at the sharpest pace in more than seven years, evidence of a seemingly inexorable shift away from employee-heavy stores as Americans increasingly shop online. National 8 minutes ago Guest lineups for the Sunday news shows Guest lineups for the Sunday TV news shows: National 12:20am The Latest: Xi sightsees, talks trade in Alaska layover The Latest on Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Alaska (all times local): Music 12:10am Rock Hall 2017 class includes Pearl Jam, Tupac and Journey Seattle rockers Pearl Jam, the late rapper Tupac Shakur and 1970s hitmaking band Journey were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on Friday night. Variety 12:05am 91-year-old fish fry volunteer hanging up her apron The lines have been getting longer for the Friday fish fry at St. Rita's Catholic Church, and maybe part of the reason people may be coming is to be served by Mary Scott one last time. Top Stories Dad, two teenage daughters among dead in St. Paul shooting Apr. 7 U.S. strikes win global praise but ratchet up Russia tension Apr. 7 Syrian-Americans in Minnesota find their views of Trump changing Apr. 7 Most Read Will the real Stephen Colbert stand up? Four ways he'll succeed on CBS' 'Late Show' • TV & Media How you can cut the cord and discover TV antenna benefits • TV & Media Wayzata makes national spotlight with feature role in Coors Light TV ad • TV & Media Bill O'Reilly, ex-Fox chief hit with more sexual allegations • TV & Media Google expands fact checking in news searches • TV & Media Taste Norway's Waffle Queen cooks up Nordic empire in Minneapolis This brunch menu is perfect for spring, and features the words 'caramel' and 'bacon' Home & Garden Modern house in Linden Hills is different in style but not stature St. Paul craft show highlights home decor through the decades The Good Life Are you lonesome? How Minnesota seniors are combating social isolation 'Trapped' at home during elevator repair, Edina woman got creative, and 'peaceful' Celebrities Mel B's husband seeks spousal support after being accused of abusing her Manager hints at possible public return for Richard Simmons Weekly feature Streetscapes Each Saturday, Star Tribune writers showcase Minnesota architecture. special feature Beautiful Gardens of the Twin Cities From October to April, we bring you into one Beautiful Garden a month. Movies Octavia Spencer refuses to rest on her laurels – or to rest much, at all 6 hidden treasures at this year's Mpls. St. Paul International Film Festival Music Controversy has turned into applause for Orchestra Hall's $55M expansion From KMOJ to MLK: Black music, history inspire this St. Paul jazz musician Travel As Havana fills with tourists, Santa Clara remains Cuba's hidden gem Midwest Traveler: A tale of two Interstate State Parks in Minnesota and Wisconsin TV & Media A fake Trump gets his own show on Comedy Central Home video: 'Hidden Figures' shoots for the moon Stage & Arts British theater legend Peter Brook brings his 'Battlefield' to Guthrie Energetic revival of 'West Side Story' sets new standard for Ordway special feature Advice Looking for some advice on love, family, life? Here are tips from the Star Tribune's experts. Books Marlon James in conversation: "All the people I believe in believe in books." REVIEW: 'American War,' by Omar El Akkad Eat & Drink Hits and misses: Our critic taste-tests the new foods at Target Field New African fusion restaurant boss says Minnesotans will love camel sliders Giving Back Gala benefits put the fun in fundraising Choose your own (giving) adventure StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Policy & Law Tech Review Uber forced to admit that Google’s self-driving cars are way better than its own New, 30 comments Uber calls Waymo’s lawsuit ‘a misfire,’ but in doing so, had to own up to its own technological shortcomings by Andrew J. Hawkins@andyjayhawk Apr 7, 2017, 1:00pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Uber filed its much-anticipated response to the bombshell lawsuit from Alphabet’s Waymo on Friday, arguing that it couldn’t have stolen the self-driving secrets Waymo claims because Uber is still using off-the-shelf technology for its autonomous vehicles. Uber says that the Google spinoff’s lawsuit is “a misfire,” but in doing so, the combative ride-hailing company was forced to make a begrudging admission: that Google’s self-driving cars are far superior to its own. Waymo filed the explosive lawsuit in late February, claiming that Anthony Levandowski, a former Google engineer and current top executive at Uber, had stolen 14,000 confidential documents before leaving Google. According to Waymo, Levandowski used the stolen technology to entice Uber into buying his self-driving truck startup Otto for $680 million six months after it launched in 2016. Uber called the allegation “baseless,” but is only today filing a detailed response. “Waymo’s injunction motion is a misfire.” “Waymo’s injunction motion is a misfire: there is no evidence that any of the 14,000 files in question ever touched Uber’s servers, and Waymo’s assertion that our multi-lens LIDAR is the same as their single-lens LIDAR is clearly false,” said Angella Padilla, general counsel to Uber, in a statement. “If Waymo genuinely thought that Uber was using its secrets, it would not have waited more than five months to seek an injunction. Waymo doesn’t meet the high bar for an injunction, which would stifle our independent innovation — probably Waymo’s goal in the first place.” Uber currently has dozens of driverless vehicles — Volvo XC90 SUVs equipped with LIDAR sensors, cameras, and other autonomous tech — picking up passengers in Pittsburgh and Tempe, Arizona, (and perhaps San Francisco soon enough). Waymo has requested an injunction against Uber from using any of its allegedly stolen self-driving technology, which could effectively put the boot on Uber’s driverless cars. But in its response to the injunction request, Uber says Waymo has not met the threshold necessary for the court to approve such a request. First of all, Uber says that only one of the 14,000 documents ended up at Uber. In a previous filing, Uber said it searched Levandowski’s computer, in addition to two other former Alphabet employees named in the suit, and the computers of “randomly selected” employees as part of its inquiry. One of the allegedly stolen documents turned up, but Waymo said Uber’s efforts were insufficient. The judge on the case agreed and ordered Uber to look more carefully. Photo by Sean O’Kane / The Verge But in today’s filing, Uber says that Waymo’s assumptions about its self-driving technology are flat out wrong. Uber says it began developing its LIDAR technology almost a year before Levandowski was hired at Uber. Furthermore, the ride-hail company says it uses multi-lens LIDAR sensors, not the single-lens sensor designs Waymo claims were stolen, and that the sensors it uses are purchased off-the-shelf from Velodyne, a top manufacturer of the technology. In its original lawsuit, Waymo says the LIDAR design in question was accidentally sent to one of its employees in a mistakenly CC’d email from Uber. The allegations put forward by Waymo arguably represent the biggest threat to Uber’s long-term financial survival — more so than the harassment scandal or any of the other controversies that have enveloped the company in recent months. If Uber can eventually transition to a majority driverless fleet, it can slash fares for customers, drive up demand, and increase its own profits. But if Waymo can prove that Uber is using stolen technology, that future could be imperiled. And Uber’s ability to justify its huge $70 billion valuation could take a serious hit. “Uber’s assertion that they’ve never touched the 14,000 stolen files is disingenuous at best, given their refusal to look in the most obvious place: the computers and devices owned by the head of their self-driving program,” a spokesperson for Waymo said in a statement. “We’re asking the court to step in based on clear evidence that Uber is using, or plans to use, our trade secrets to develop their LIDAR technology, as seen in both circuit board blueprints and filings in the State of Nevada.” Things are still looking pretty bleak for Uber. Levandowski recently invoked his Fifth Amendment right to avoid self-incrimination, against the advice of Uber’s lawyers. A redaction mistake in a recent filing revealed that Lior Ron, Levandowski’s co-founder in Otto, has also been implicated in the lawsuit. Ultimately, Uber wants to move the case into arbitration, arguing that since Waymo’s case centers on the action of Levandowski, a former employee, it should be subject to the arbitration agreement as part of his employee contract. The move is also strategic, as it would allow Uber to avoid a costly and embarrassing jury trial. That trial is tentatively scheduled to commence this October. Next Up In Transportation Italy issues a nationwide Uber ban Lyft raises $500 million in funding round, now valued at $7.5 billion Tesla says the Model S, not the Model 3, is its flagship car The hyperloop is ready for its big ‘Kitty Hawk’ moment — and may be coming to a US city near you Emirates is offering loaner Microsoft Surface tablets to some US-bound flyers This 18-rotor electric ‘flying taxi’ will be buzzing overhead next year Now Trending YouTube will no longer allow creators to make money until they reach 10,000 views The rule change is meant to weed out bad actors Ford designed a smart crib that replicates car rides One adult-sized crib, please Jay Z’s catalog has been pulled from Apple Music and Spotify ‘At the request of the artist’ Italy issues a nationwide Uber ban Homeland Security has dropped its attempt to unmask anti-Trump Twitter account Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 16. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Italy issues a nationwide Uber ban by Nick Statt 9 comments / new Jay Z’s catalog has been pulled from Apple Music and Spotify by Micah Singleton Bernie Sanders is now a podcast by Megan Farokhmanesh New ransomware locks your files behind an anime bullet hell shooter by Chaim Gartenberg 4 comments / new The Blair Witch Project almost ended with a laughably lame-looking crucifixion by Kaitlyn Tiffany 2 comments / new Ford designed a smart crib that replicates car rides by Natt Garun 6 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Ministry of Innovation — Google expands automatic “fact check” insertion into search results You'll want to phrase your searches very carefully to trigger it. Sam Machkovech - Apr 7, 2017 5:04 pm UTC Global Panorama / flickr reader comments 151 Share this story After launching a preliminary test in October, Google has officially rolled out an automatic fact check tag program on its search pages. When Google determines that a search is worth a fact-check notice, that data will be placed at the very top of those search results. It will always tell users what the claim is, who claimed it, and what a fact-checking organization determined about that claim. The trick is, you won't find these results unless you specifically type in an oft-repeated claim, as opposed to a question. If you search for the phrase "how many undocumented immigrants are in the United States," normal search results appear with a mix of answers and data points. Searching specifically for "34 million undocumented immigrants" will bring up a fact-check box that credits President Donald Trump with that claim, along with a direct link to Politifact's "pants on fire" fact-check rating. Enlarge / A sample of how Google's new fact-check system looks in action. Google's fact-checking bots will only comb certain data and research sites. They must either present their data with Schema.org ClaimReview mark-up on public pages or use the Share The Facts widget. At that point, Google's internal processes will "algorithmically determine" whether a site is an "authoritative source of information." Google lists some of the data points that its bots seek, including a requirement that "analysis must be transparent about sources and methods, with citations and references to primary sources." How robots confirm that kind of content "algorithmically" without human intervention is unclear. Once a site is determined Google fact-check worthy, other terms and criteria apply. Further ReadingWashington Post automatically inserts Trump fact-checks into TwitterUsers are told to expect conflicting fact-checking conclusions for some search results. "Even though differing conclusions may be presented, we think it’s still helpful for people to understand the degree of consensus around a particular claim and have clear information on which sources agree," the company's Friday announcement states. A cursory spin of Google's fact-checking feature reveals that it's mostly tied to terms and headlines that Google's database of recognized fact-checking organizations have tackled. For example, a search for "is Politifact biased" brings up a number of sites that offer data about that site's alleged bias, but Google may not recognize any of these sites as members of its database—and the company's search doesn't make that absence of "approved" data apparent to users looking for an answer. Sam Machkovech Sam has written about the combined worlds of arts and tech since his first syndicated column launched in 1996. He can regularly be found losing quarters at Add-A-Ball in Seattle, WA. Email sam.machkovech@arstechnica.com // Twitter @samred reader comments 151 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / World Wide Web / YouTube TV Has Some Nifty Features Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com YouTube TV Has Some Nifty Features -- and Some Big Drawbacks By Anick Jesdanun PUBLISHED: APRIL 07 2017 YouTube TV, Google's new streaming package of about 40 television channels, is the tech industry's latest bid to get cable-shunning millennials to pay for live TV over the internet. It offers intriguing advantages over rivals, but it remains hobbled by a limited channel selection. Don't confuse the YouTube service, which [debuted] Wednesday, with Netflix, Amazon Prime and other streaming offerings. Like similar efforts from Sony, Dish and AT&T's DirecTV , YouTube TV primarily aims to let you channel surf over the internet, not to stream from an online library of shows and movies. So these internet-cable services can offer live programming, especially sports. But they also come with some serious drawbacks. While these services are typically cheaper than traditional cable or satellite services, people haven't been signing up in droves. Google is targeting viewers who have never subscribed to cable or satellite TV and are just as happy to get all their video from the internet; getting them to cough up $35 a month could be a hard sell. Google aims to lure subscribers with more sophisticated program search, personalized recommendations and a more fully featured online DVR than rival services offer. But it faces many of the limitations its rivals have. YouTube TV, for instance, features staples such as ESPN and major broadcast networks, but lacks key networks such as PBS, CNN and Comedy Central. And it will initially be only available in a handful of major U.S. cities because media rights are still stuck in the 20th century . What You Get ... and What You Don't YouTube TV offers plenty of live sports, one of the chief reasons people stick with cable. Pick a team, and the service automatically records all the televised games it can find. Available channels include ESPN, Big Ten and sports networks from Comcast, Fox and CBS -- but not Turner networks such as TBS and others that aired the bulk of March Madness. New York Mets fans won't get baseball games on SNY. YouTube also has the youth-oriented Freeform and CW networks; its rivals lack The CW. AMC is coming in a few weeks, so you'll have to wait to catch up on the just-ended season of "The Walking Dead." Since most channel numbers and names are meaningless in a digital world, YouTube TV arranges live channels by topic, starting with broadcast networks, sports, youth-oriented channels, then everything else. Subscriptions are initially limited to New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Philadelphia and the San Francisco Bay Area -- all locations where YouTube could get rights to local ABC, CBS, Fox and NBC stations. Search Party As you'd expect from Google, search is one of YouTube's big selling points. Its rivals already offer search by shows and sometimes by actors; YouTube adds topical searches, such as "aliens" or "road trips." Unfortunately, it's still a work in progress. A search for "nerd comedy" brings up "The Big Bang Theory," but "comedy about nerds" does not. And a search for "Modern Family episode on basketball" doesn't bring up the episode titled "Basketball." YouTube could also stand to take a cue from TiVo recorders and let you automatically record all programs featuring, say, Jennifer Lawrence, including her talk-show appearances. You can search for Jennifer Lawrence, but you need to go through the results and choose shows to record individually -- too much work for a service that promises simplicity. One big plus: YouTube's unlimited DVR will store recordings for nine months, long enough for entire seasons of network shows. Sony's PlayStation Vue -- the only similar service offering an unlimited online DVR -- offers only 28 days of storage, nowhere near enough for binge-watching. YouTube TV works on phones, tablets and laptop browsers. Watching on an actual TV requires Google's Chromecast, an inexpensive streaming stick you control with your phone. (Early subscribers get one for free.) About Your Privacy This being Google, your viewing and search histories might be mined for targeted advertising. You can suspend tracking in the settings, though that will hinder personalized recommendations. (It's too early to tell if that's a loss or not, though some of the early recommendations have been spot on.) You can share your subscription with five friends or relatives in your household, with three simultaneous streams allowed. No need to share passwords; they sign in with their own Google accounts. Recordings and recommendations are kept separate, so your roommates can't make fun of you for binging "The Real Housewives." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: YouTube, YouTube TV, Google, Streaming Video, PlayStation Vue Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Amazon Hiring 30K Part-Time Workers 2. Waymo: Uber Violated Court Order 3. Tesla Is Now Worth More than Ford 4. Apes Know When Humans Are Wrong 5. Internet Inventor Wins Turing Award MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN WORLD WIDE WEB 1. YouTube Cracks Down on Fake News 2. Facebook Offers Fake News Tips 3. YouTube TV Has Some Nifty Features 4. Internet Inventor Wins Turing Award 5. Yahoo and AOL To Become 'Oath' Next Article > Facebook Launches Resource To Help Spot Misleading News By Barbara Ortutay PUBLISHED: APRIL 06 2017 Facebook is launching a resource to help you spot false news and misleading information that spreads on its service. The resource, similar to previous efforts around privacy and security, is basically a notification that pops up for a few days. Clicking on it takes you to tips and other information on how to spot false news and what to do about it. Tips to spot false news include looking closely at website addresses to see if they are trying to spoof real news sites, and checking websites' "about" sections for more information. Some sites might look like real news at first glance, but their "about" sections inform the visitor that they are in fact satire. Adam Mosseri, vice president of News Feed at Facebook, said he hopes people will become "more discerning consumers" of news. The new feature is part of a broader plan by Facebook to clamp down false news stories, which gained outsized attention in the months leading up to the 2016 U.S. presidential election. False news, of course, was around long before the election. But supermarket tabloids peddling stories about aliens and celebrity miracles are less insidious than, say, "Pizzagate," a false internet rumor that led a gunman to fire an assault weapon inside a Washington pizzeria in December. Facebook has been "working very hard to figure out how to get their arms wrapped around this," said Lucy Dalglish, journalism dean at the University of Maryland. "Facebook was always very interested technology but not the social and civic implications of technology. It's like they have become citizens." She praised the company for seeking help from outside experts, including academics, researchers and nonprofit journalism organizations. The company, for instance, is working with outside fact-checking and media organizations to identify false news as such. And once they are identified, Facebook is trying to dry up the "economic incentives" of false news sites by making it difficult for them to buy ads on Facebook. Mosseri said most of the false news content on Facebook is from spammers trying to seek a profit and not, for example, political propaganda. This is apparent as the sites often flip-flop around opposing political candidates, for example. The new feature will be available in 14 countries, including the U.S., Germany, France, Italy, the U.K., Philippines, Taiwan and Brazil. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: Facebook, Politics, Fake News, Online News, Government, News Feed POPULAR IN WORLD WIDE WEB New Sales Navigator Edition Debuts Google's eCAPTCHA Less Annoying Twitter Hackers Post Nazi Symbols Google Intros Video Cloud Intelligence FB Bars Use of Site Data for Spying Twitter Mulls Charging Power Users Android Now Top Browsing Platform THE BIG PICTURE Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Changes in DHS morale? •Future of VA's mobile strategy•Faster promotions for Navy officers? Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Google expands fact checking… Google expands fact checking in news searches By master and The Associated Press April 7, 2017 4:11 pm 2 min read Share NEW YORK (AP) — Google will expand the use of “fact check” tags in its search results — the tech industry’s latest effort to combat false and misleading news stories. People who search for a topic in Google’s main search engine or the Google News section will see a conclusion such as “mostly true” or “false” next to stories that have been fact checked. Google has been working with more than 100 news organizations and fact-checking groups , including The Associated Press, the BBC and NPR. Their conclusions will appear in search results as long as they meet certain formatting criteria for automation. Google said only a few of those organizations, including PolitiFact and Snopes.com, have already met those requirements; The Washington Post also says it complies. Google said it expects the ranks of compliant organizations to grow following Friday’s announcement. Online Chat: DJ Kachman, the Veterans Affairs Department’s director of mobile and security technology transformation lead, on April 10, at 1 p.m. Advertisement Not all news stories will be fact checked. Multiple organizations may reach different conclusions; Google will show those separately. Still unanswered is whether these fact-check analyses will sway people who are already prone to believe false reports because they confirm preconceived notions. Glenn Kessler, who writes “The Fact Checker” column at The Washington Post, said in an email that Google’s efforts should at least “make it easier for people around the world to obtain information that counters the spin by politicians and political advocacy groups, as well as purveyors of ‘fake news.'” He added that “over time, I expect that people increasingly will want to read a fact-check on a controversial issue or statement, even if the report conflicts with their political leanings.” Google started offering fact check tags in the U.S. and the U.K. in October and expanded the program to a handful of other countries in the subsequent months. Now the program is open to the rest of the world and to all languages. False news and misinformation, often masquerading as trustworthy news that spreads on social media, has gained attention since the 2016 U.S. presidential election. 19 agencies on chopping block only account for a small fraction of overall budget Google’s announcement comes a day after Facebook launched a resource to help users spot false news and misleading information that spreads on its service. The resource is basically a notification that pops up for a few days. Clicking on it takes people to tips and other information on how to spot false news and what to do about it. Topics: All News Business News Media News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Google expands fact checking… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1954: Eisenhower gives famous 'domino theory' speech Fed Photo of the Day USDA employees volunteer at People's Garden Top Stories Bipartisan TSP bill aims to address limits on fund withdrawals Top Story Trump nominates two to fill key OMB roles and a new Army secretary People DHS secretary says employee morale is already changing Hearings/Oversight IRS notifying 100,000 financial aid applicants they might be tax ID victims Management OPM makes 14 percent reduction in retirement claims backlog Retirement THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 07, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7188 -0.0029 1.73% L 2020 25.1507 -0.0070 2.91% L 2030 27.8665 -0.0116 4.13% L 2040 29.9257 -0.0142 4.73% L 2050 17.1194 -0.0087 5.28% G Fund 15.2831 0.0010 0.59% F Fund 17.6400 -0.0283 0.93% C Fund 32.6677 -0.0268 6.07% S Fund 42.4456 -0.0163 4.57% I Fund 26.2396 -0.0028 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Google expands fact checking in news searches - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Toledo man arrested after allegedly attacking son with hatchet Call for Action Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Google expands fact checking in news searches 2017-04-07T20:18:53Z2017-04-07T20:18:53Z (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File). FILE - This Oct. 20, 2015, file photo, shows a sign outside Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Google will start offering “fact check” tags next to some news stories in search results in the tech industr... By ANICK JESDANUN AP Technology Writer NEW YORK (AP) - Google will expand the use of "fact check" tags in its search results - the tech industry's latest effort to combat false and misleading news stories. People who search for a topic in Google's main search engine or the Google News section will see a conclusion such as "mostly true" or "false" next to stories that have been fact checked. Google has been working with more than 100 news organizations and fact-checking groups , including The Associated Press, the BBC and NPR. Their conclusions will appear in search results as long as they meet certain formatting criteria for automation. Google said only a few of those organizations, including PolitiFact and Snopes.com, have already met those requirements; The Washington Post also says it complies. Google said it expects the ranks of compliant organizations to grow following Friday's announcement. Not all news stories will be fact checked. Multiple organizations may reach different conclusions; Google will show those separately. Still unanswered is whether these fact-check analyses will sway people who are already prone to believe false reports because they confirm preconceived notions. Glenn Kessler, who writes "The Fact Checker" column at The Washington Post, said in an email that Google's efforts should at least "make it easier for people around the world to obtain information that counters the spin by politicians and political advocacy groups, as well as purveyors of 'fake news.'" He added that "over time, I expect that people increasingly will want to read a fact-check on a controversial issue or statement, even if the report conflicts with their political leanings." Google started offering fact check tags in the U.S. and the U.K. in October and expanded the program to a handful of other countries in the subsequent months. Now the program is open to the rest of the world and to all languages. False news and misinformation, often masquerading as trustworthy news that spreads on social media, has gained attention since the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Google's announcement comes a day after Facebook launched a resource to help users spot false news and misleading information that spreads on its service. The resource is basically a notification that pops up for a few days. Clicking on it takes people to tips and other information on how to spot false news and what to do about it. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Trump objections don't stop overhaul of Baltimore police Trump objections don't stop overhaul of Baltimore police Posted: Saturday, April 8 2017 2:19 AM EDT2017-04-08 06:19:32 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 8 2017 2:19 AM EDT2017-04-08 06:19:32 GMT An agreement negotiated under the Obama administration to overhaul the troubled Baltimore police department will go ahead despite objections from the Trump administration.More >> An agreement negotiated under the Obama administration to overhaul the troubled Baltimore police department will go ahead despite objections from the Trump administration.More >> Slow-moving landslide near site of 2014 slide shuts road Slow-moving landslide near site of 2014 slide shuts road Authorities say a road has been closed and some evacuations were recommended near a slow-moving landslide close to the site of a massive deadly slide northeast of Seattle in 2014.More >> Authorities say a road has been closed and some evacuations were recommended near a slow-moving landslide close to the site of a massive deadly slide northeast of Seattle in 2014.More >> China president's plane stops in Alaska after Trump visit China president's plane stops in Alaska after Trump visit Posted: Saturday, April 8 2017 2:10 AM EDT2017-04-08 06:10:21 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 8 2017 2:10 AM EDT2017-04-08 06:10:21 GMT Chinese President Xi Jinping was able to take in views Friday night of the natural beauty that Alaska has to offer.More >> Chinese President Xi Jinping was able to take in views Friday night of the natural beauty that Alaska has to offer.More >> Seattle mayor denies sex abuse claims - 'simply not true' Seattle mayor denies sex abuse claims - 'simply not true' Posted: Friday, April 7 2017 11:19 PM EDT2017-04-08 03:19:03 GMT Updated: Friday, April 7 2017 11:19 PM EDT2017-04-08 03:19:03 GMT The mayor of Seattle has been accused of sex abuse in a lawsuit and a media report.More >> The mayor of Seattle has been accused of sex abuse in a lawsuit and a media report.More >> Alabama governor halts impeachment, not disparaging report Alabama governor halts impeachment, not disparaging report Posted: Friday, April 7 2017 10:19 PM EDT2017-04-08 02:19:02 GMT Updated: Friday, April 7 2017 10:19 PM EDT2017-04-08 02:19:02 GMT Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley has won a court fight to halt his looming impeachment hearings, but he couldn't prevent the release of a disparaging investigative report.More >> Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley has won a court fight to halt his looming impeachment hearings, but he couldn't prevent the release of a disparaging investigative report.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
LIVE SMARTER Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE Google Is Using Snopes and PolitiFact to Fact-Check Fake News Share Michele Debczak filed under: internet, News image credit: Google Like us on Facebook In the smartphone era, an argument over facts is likely to end in a web search. Now, Google is taking steps to stop the spread of misinformation before click on any search results. As engadget reports, Google’s new fact check box will flag searches related to disputed topics with disclaimers from second-party sites. In a blog post announcing the rollout, Google gives a few examples of searches that would activate the feature. The search result for “27 million people enslaved” includes a blurb from PolitiFact that makes the claim (“Today, 27 million people…are enslaved”), the claimer (in this case, chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Bob Corker, who made the statement on MSNBC in February), and the fact check status (according to PolitiFact, this claim is "mostly true"). Ask Google about conspiracy theories related to the Oreo cookie design and a pop-up from Snopes will tell you that rumors connecting Nabisco to Freemasonry are false. Snopes and PolitiFact are the two main fact-checking resources Google mentions in their statement, but any publisher can become part of the system as long as they meet a strict set of standards. Google rolled out a similar update to their news section in some countries this past October that includes a fact check tag next to sources deemed reliable (rather than screening the actual claims being searched). Like the news feature, the fact check window in Google Search won’t be used to censor dubious content. Instead, it’s meant to ensure users are as informed as possible before heading down any internet rabbit holes. [h/t engadget] April 07, 2017 - 12:30pm Share Michele Debczak Michele Debczak is a staff writer for mentalfloss.com. In the past she’s written about cheese and movies, two of her favorite things in life. In her free time she enjoys dogspotting, eating breakfast foods, and reading about alien conspiracy theories on Wikipedia. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. POPULAR ON mental_floss This Code Has Stumped the FBI for Over 15 Years 10 Fascinating Facts About Ravens How Does Google Maps Know Where Traffic Is? POPULAR ON mental_floss 11 Movies That Made Less Than $400 at the U.S. Box Office Layla in Real Life: 10 Songs Written About Pattie Boyd 23 Hipster Baby Name Ideas From The Dictionary of Medieval Names POPULAR ON mental_floss There's a Wire Above Manhattan That You've Probably Never Noticed What's Inside the Deepest Hole in the World? The Most Distinctive Baby Names for Each of the Past 7 Generations POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Hotel Secrets from Behind the Front Desk 7 Characters That Didn’t Make It Into the Harry Potter Books 11 Twisted Facts About ‘The Far Side’ POPULAR ON mental_floss 36 Movies Roger Ebert Really Hated 7 Common Symptoms That Can Be Signs of Depression 12 Huge Facts About Maine Coons POPULAR ON mental_floss Are the Girl Scout Cookies on Amazon Legit? Scientists Find Non-Gluten Cause of Wheat Sensitivity 13 Things You Might Not Know About Costco NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters DeepMind hopes its TensorFlow lib Sonnet is music to ears of AI devs Friends, we have a real treat for you. A roundup of this week's stunning enterprise storage news US govt ceases fire in legal spat with Twitter to unmask anti-Trump 'immigration official' Overcharge customers, underpay the serfs. Who else but Uber (allegedly) Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Friends, we have a real treat for you. A roundup of this week's stunning enterprise storage news WD unveils grown-up USB stick in My Passport slab form Open source Elastic analytics snaps into Google's Cloud Platform Bankers to get 1Gbps free Wi-Fi in City of London deal Hortonworks CTO's ACID Merge: The impossible dream, realised Wisdom of crowds plus a splash of AI give Australia new national analytical map data Roll up, sysadmins, now you can join Windows Insider for businesses Twitter's motto: If at first you screwed developers over, try, try again, eh? US govt ceases fire in legal spat with Twitter to unmask anti-Trump 'immigration official' iCloud extortion racket nowhere near as epic as we thought it might be 'Amnesia' IoT botnet feasts on year-old unpatched vulnerability Democrats draft laws in futile attempt to protect US internet privacy The 'data driven enterprise' is actually just the enterprise Converged systems market is so hot it just went backwards Defence in Depth: A 'layered' strategy can repel cold attackers Surprise! Thanks to the cloud, you've got a hybrid infrastructure Kubernetes, Prometheus, DevOps, Docker Swarm? Which workshop will you choose? Continuous Lifecycle: Over 40 reasons to secure your place Massive scale, tight security – what's not to love about Kubernetes 1.6? Well... DevOps hype? Sometimes a pizza really is just a pizza Policy The Channel nbn™ gets its wish: Australian ISPs' performance to be rated Overcharge customers, underpay the serfs. Who else but Uber (allegedly) Take that! FCC will hand net neut to FTC – reports Foxconn outbids WD with ¥3 TRILLION offer for Tosh memory biz Graffiti 'dying out' as kids dump spray cans for Instagram, Twitter etc Microsoft's new hardware: eight x86 cores, 40 GPU cores Device spend will rise 2% to $600bn in 2017, say techno-seers Lenovo's 2017 X1 Carbon is a mixed bag SPB Geek's Guide Dieting cannibals: At last, a scientist has calculated calories for human body parts Riddle of cannibal black hole pairs solved ... nearly: Astroboffins explain all to El Reg We know what you're thinking: Where the hell is all the antimatter? Goodbye, cruel world! NASA's Cassini preps for kamikaze Saturn dive Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things DeepMind hopes its TensorFlow lib Sonnet is music to ears of AI devs Utility company picks NB-IoT, actively spurns rival techs' USPs Facebook's 'delightful' AI Clippy the Paperclip creeps into Messenger Big-in-Japan AI code 'Chainer' shows how Intel will gun for GPUs Verity Stob Boaty McBoatface sinks in South Atlantic on her maiden deployment Customer satisfaction is our highest priority… OK, maybe second-highest… or third... Crafty Fokker: Norfolk surgeon builds Red Baron triplane replica Reg lecture exposes the radicals intent on remaking your society More like this Google Microsoft FCC Net Neutrality Business Policy Take that! FCC will hand net neut to FTC – reports Back to being the uber internet regulator then 7 Apr 2017 at 17:00, Andrew Orlowski Analysis Americans may get a less Google-friendly and less-politicised regulatory regime if America's trade watchdog, the FTC, adopts responsibility for "net neutrality provisions", as reports today suggest. But under Trump, will the FTC have any teeth? Both Politico and The Wall Street Journal report that Ajit Pai – chairman of the US comms regulator, the FCC – will shortly hand net neutrality over to the FTC, which until recently had oversight over most internet issues, including competition and consumer privacy. That intention should come as no surprise – Pai has cited the FTC as a competent authority before the FCC extended its powers, most dramatically with the reclassification of internet services in 2015, which gave it sweeping new powers. Writing here in a dissenting opinion last year [PDF], Pai said that the model of FTC regulatory oversight "gave us an Internet economy that's the envy of the world". As The Wall Street Journal notes, the FTC lost its powers when the FCC adopted common carrier regulations developed in the 1930s to tame the Bell telephone monopoly. The FTC also handles consumer privacy issues – something it's likely to get stuck into comprehensively now the FCC has repealed rules on ISPs' collection and trade of their subscribers' personal data. Pai has never said he's against "net neutrality" principles, but devoted 400 pages to explaining why he thought Title II reclassification was a bad idea for an agency traditionally concerned with subjects like spectrum interference, and nipples. Panic in the Valley Reddit forums and internet activists have been in a world of pain since the hurried FCC rule on ISP privacy was repealed, even though it never actually came into effect in the first place. It made no mention of industrial-scale data slurpers Google, Microsoft or Facebook, but specifically prohibited ISPs from carrying out exactly the kind of privacy-invading tactics and flows of personal data that Google carried out. (There's no hypocrisy like Silicon Valley hypocrisy.) The rule came about because the FCC assumed it had acquired a privacy mandate under Title II reclassification, and Google got worried, says one critic. "Google panicked when they realised they were an ISP. In the last few days before the new Presidency, Google wrote new privacy regulations that made sure they wouldn't be swept up too," Brett Glass, of Laramie.net, a small wireless ISP in Wyoming, told us. Google, while it had control over the FCC, managed to put layers of rules. In a final tumultuous final few months at the FCC, the agency sought to rip up the way the TV business operates allowing slice and dice like Google's YouTube to pick and choose content it would otherwise have to licence. Over at the Copyright Office, the Register of Copyright was reassigned, and a more Google-friendly one appointed. At least that story made the headlines. A former Google executive, Michelle K Lee, now runs the Patent Office. "Basically it was a last-minute Google wishlist, written in case Hillary Clinton might not be the next President. So there was a rush to do Google all the favours. Fairly low on that list was the most important one for us: which was more competition. That didn't get done at all," says Glass. Glass told us smaller ISPs who compete with Big Telco look forward to a less politicised FCC. But he says small ISPs need better wholesale access, and is wary of Pai's indulgent views on spectrum hoarding. "Basically for there to be competition you need access to the middle mile facilities at a reasonable price. Middle mile access is priced anti-competitively by the other carriers. There was no question this was within the FCC's authorities. But it was never done. All of Google's priorities got done." But will the FTC help smaller competitors? Don't hold your breath. Notoriously, FTC staff found Google guilty of anti-competitive actions but a formal indictment was quashed by its FTC-appointed Commissioners. We only found that out when half of a report leaked three years later, by accident, in a large bundle of documents sent to the WSJ as part of an unrelated FoI request. While Europe has probed Google's market dominance in several areas, since the second Obama administration the US has had an effective moratorium on investigating Google. We can only guess why. ® Tips and corrections 3 Comments More from The Register Google opens patent pool for Android Protects against trolls maybe. But not Google Google launches root certificate authority Cutting out the middle man 24 Comments Google serves Espresso link-ups for Cloud Chocolate Factory's SDN aims for better connections to hosted machines Open source Elastic analytics snaps into Google's Cloud Platform "Openness a driving force" says Google Google court filing names a second source for Uber's lifted robo-car plans And that's not all: a redaction slip identifies Lior Ron as Levandowski's co-accused 5 Comments Google Maps' Street View can now lead you into a bubbling lava lake Journey into live volcano is a feature, not a bug 18 Comments Whitepapers Dynamic Optimization Technology for Infrastructure Resources and Cloud Services Access this Innovation Insight to read Gartner’s recommendations for incorporating dynamic optimisation technology into your infrastructure and cloud initiatives. Preparing for Private Cloud and Hybrid IT with Red Hat Cloud Infrastructure IT organizations continue to run many of their traditional apps on premise, moving to private cloud, while using public shared cloud for selected “other” workloads. Nimble Cloud Volumes Interactive Q and A The Q and A walks you through the most common issues related to cloud storage and how Nimble Cloud Volumes put any remaining concerns to rest. Advanced Evasion Techniques for Dummies This e-book explains how AETs defeat traditional security measures and how you can beat them, with special attention to the risks posed to industrial control systems Most read Put down your coffee and admire the sheer amount of data Windows 10 Creators Update will slurp from your PC Staff, projects shed as Ubuntu maker Canonical tries to lure investors Boaty McBoatface sinks in South Atlantic on her maiden deployment Lenovo's 2017 X1 Carbon is a mixed bag Aviation regulator flies in face of UK.gov ban, says electronics should be stowed in cabin. Duh Spotlight Speaking in Tech: Verizon, Comcast and AT&T... Trust us, we won't sell you out First the Rise of the Machines, now this: UK military's Exercise Information Warrior How UK’s GDPR law might not be judged 'adequate' Thank heavens the wrangling over BT's Openreach separation has ended GDPR: Do not resist! Unless you want a visit from the data police It's holistic, dude: How to dodge the EU's £17m data regulation sting Trump's visa plan leaks: American techies first Why Theresa May’s hard Brexit might be softer than you think Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Contact us Advertise with us More content Under the hood Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 UBER RESPONDS: Google claims about stolen technology are a total 'misfire' Biz Carson Apr. 7, 2017, 1:00 PM 7,016 facebook linkedin twitter email print Uber CEO Travis Kalanick with Uber executive Anthony Levandowski. Associated Press Uber has said from the beginning that Google's claims of intellectual-property theft involving self-driving-car technology are "meritless." On Friday, Uber finally told its side of the story and laid out its argument on why it believes the lawsuit brought by Waymo, a Google spinout from the Alphabet-owned company, is a "misfire." Uber is trying to stop a judge from halting the development of its self-driving-car program by asserting: Its lidar design, a key component in self-driving cars, has a four-lens design, unlike Waymo's single-lens design. It also has two optical cavities compared with Waymo's one. The 14,000 files downloaded by Anthony Levandowski, a former Google employee who now runs Uber's self-driving-car program, never made it to Uber. Waymo didn't immediately speak up when it learned that Levandowski had downloaded the files in October. It waited five months before asking for the court for an injunction. Waymo sued Uber in February, claiming that Levandowski had stolen vital lidar technology shortly before starting his own self-driving-vehicle company (which Uber later acquired). The trade-secrets case is shaping up to be one of the most significant and closely watched battles in Silicon Valley in years, pitting two of the world's most powerful companies, and former partners, against each other. Waymo has asked the judge to issue a preliminary injunction to stop Uber from using any technology that may have been built on its proprietary information. "Waymo's injunction motion is a misfire: There is no evidence that any of the 14,000 files in question ever touched Uber's servers, and Waymo's assertion that our multi-lens lidar is the same as their single-lens lidar is clearly false," Uber's associate general counsel Angela Padilla said in a statement. "If Waymo genuinely thought that Uber was using its secrets, it would not have waited more than five months to seek an injunction. Waymo doesn't meet the high bar for an injunction, which would stifle our independent innovation — probably Waymo's goal in the first place." The missing files and a 'complicated situation' The 14,000 files that Waymo says Levandowski downloaded onto a thumb drive and then wiped clean from a computer remain a sticking point in the case. "To be sure, Uber finds itself in a complicated situation: it is unambiguously developing its own technology independent of Waymo, but its employee Mr. Levandowski is accused of downloading 14,000 files from Waymo before he joined Uber," Uber's lawyers write in their argument. "Uber is blocked at this stage from providing an explanation against that accusation because Mr. Levandowski has asserted his Fifth Amendment constitutional rights." In its arguments, Uber has repeated that it can't find evidence of any of those files ever making it to Uber, based on searching more than 100 terabytes of data. Uber did allow that it found two files on the personal, non-Uber-owned device of a different employee named in the complaint, but they weren't among the ones Waymo says Levandowski downloaded and were used only during the person's time at Waymo. Waymo has pushed back against the assertion that the 14,000 files never made it to Uber, however, since Uber hasn't been able to search Levandowski's devices. Levandowski has invoked his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination, and the court is weighing whether to allow it. "Uber's assertion that they've never touched the 14,000 stolen files is disingenuous at best, given their refusal to look in the most obvious place: the computers and devices owned by the head of their self-driving program," a Waymo representative said. "We're asking the court to step in based on clear evidence that Uber is using, or plans to use, our trade secrets to develop their lidar technology, as seen in both circuit board blueprints and filings in the state of Nevada." Clear evidence or a misfire? While Waymo claims there is "clear evidence" that Uber is using or plans to use its trade secrets, Uber still believes that Waymo's understanding of its technology is fatally flawed. At the heart of the argument is a technology called lidar, a laser-based system similar to radar that allows cars to "see" the world around them. Waymo says Uber is copying its designs and violating its patents based on blueprints it saw thanks to a wrongly sent email and a public-records request in Nevada. Uber says Waymo leaped to certain assumptions based on the two documents that it was building something similar, which the ride-hailing giant said wasn't true. "Waymo could not be more wrong, and Uber's design could not be more different," Uber said. Uber says its development of its in-house lidar technology began way before its acquisition of Otto, the company Levandowski and a stable of former Waymo employees founded. Uber had hired many researchers from Carnegie Mellon University in 2015, when it launched its Advanced Technologies Center, who began working on developing Uber's lidar systems. As part of their research, Uber began developing a system that had four lenses, not the single-lens system that Waymo uses. The project had the codename "Fuji" after Mount Fuji in Japan. Waymo has said the blueprint in the email it received from its supplier was the proof it needed that Uber was using its proprietary technology. "This email cannot be the smoking gun Waymo claims it is, because the assumptions Waymo draws from it are false," Uber argues. "For instance, Waymo repeatedly argues that the architecture of the board necessitates a single-lens design, which Uber does not use." Even though it has been developing an in-house system, Uber is still using only commercially available systems purchased from Velodyne for its cars on the road, the company says. Saving itself While Uber is saying Waymo's arguments that it's using the technology are meritless, it acknowledges that the injunction it faces does present a large threat to its business. So far, US District Judge William Alsup has said Uber won't be able to stop the injunction if all Uber can say is that it can't find the files. "If all you can show is that you can't find them in your files, there's going to be a preliminary injunction of some sort," Alsup said during a hearing on Wednesday. "It can't be helped. You have got to do more than what you are telling me." Uber says any injunction could harm its ability to be a "viable" business and even threaten public safety since the company believes self-driving cars are a way to prevent accidents and save lives. "To hinder Uber's continued progress in its independent development of an in-house lidar that is fundamentally different than Waymo's, when Uber has not used any of Waymo's trade secrets, would impede Uber's efforts to remain a viable business, stifle the talent and ingenuity that are the primary drivers of this emerging industry, and risk delaying the implementation of technology that could prevent car accidents," Uber said. "Ultimately, that would be harmful to the public." Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Everything you need to know about the Google lawsuit that could derail Uber's future NOW WATCH: 6 things the Samsung Galaxy S8 can do that the iPhone can’t Loading video... More: Uber Google Waymo Anthony Levandowski Intellectual Property Law Self-Driving Car LIDAR Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru UBER RESPONDS: Google claims about stolen technology are a total 'misfire' UBER RESPONDS: Google claims about stolen technology are a total 'misfire' Uber has said from the beginning that Google's... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 8 Brilliant Search Tools Hidden Within Google Photos Creative 8 Brilliant Search Tools Hidden Within Google Photos Sherwin Coelho Get Creative While Offline With These 8 Amazing Chrome Apps Creative Get Creative While Offline With These 8 Amazing Chrome Apps Sandy Stachowiak Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Easily Find and Delete Past Google Home Commands Smart Home Security Easily Find and Delete Past Google Home Commands Derek Walter April 7, 2017 07-04-2017 4 minutes Easily Find and Delete Past Google Home Commands Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Google Home is tremendously convenient, giving you the power to find out what’s going on with your day, hear the latest news reports, or catch some music simply by issuing some simple voice commands. But this being Google, all of the data from your questions hangs around your account for analysis and processing. The premise, as with most of Google’s services, is that the company uses that information to deliver better services. While it may sound a little disconcerting, this means every recorded instance of when you talk to the Google Assistant Google Assistant Is Coming to More Smartphones Google Assistant Is Coming to More Smartphones Google is beginning to roll Google Assistant out to more smartphones. Unfortunately, the majority of Android handsets are not included in this initial rollout thanks to fragmentation. Read More takes up residence on a Google server somewhere. Fortunately, you’re not locked out of being able to gain access to or even delete all of your saved voice commands The Master List of "OK, Google" Commands The Master List of "OK, Google" Commands Google Now has tons of useful commands, but how do you keep track of them all? Here's a master list, organized by category, so you can control Google how you like. Read More . At any point, you can go back and listen to them, view what voice interactions you had, and then delete them if you so desire. The controls are there, so it’s just a matter of knowing where to go in order to start going through all of the data. Why Should You Delete Past Commands? It may be a little disconcerting to think about all the things you’ve asked Google Home that are now sitting as part of your search history. Perhaps you just want to take a peek at everything that’s a part of your history out of curiosity. Or maybe there are some things you’d rather not feed into Google’s algorithm. Whatever your reason, it only takes a few simple steps to eliminate the questions or commands that you’ve given to Google Home. Find Your Activity The place to tweak your search history is Google’s My Activity page. It’s available on the web, and is mobile friendly so you can access all of this information from a mobile device as well. To see only your Google Home activity, click or touch Assistant from the list of available services. This will then pull up all of the interactions you have ever had with the Google Assistant. Keep in mind that this page will also include any use of the Google Assistant from an Android smartphone, such as Google’s own Pixel Get the New Google Pixel Features on Any Phone Get the New Google Pixel Features on Any Phone Want the Google Pixel features without buying a new phone? We got you. Read More . There currently isn’t a way to limit your Assistant interactions to just Google Home, so you need to pay attention to the details of each interaction. Next, you can select one of your interactions. They will often be bundled together if they occurred in a short time span. Click the arrow next to the grouping to see the individual items. Push Play to hear what was recorded when you spoke to your Google Home. If you don’t want this to hang around, then press the overflow menu (three vertical buttons) and select Delete. You can peruse your timeline to listen to or view other times you performed an action with the Google Assistant. After listening, you may choose to let helpful recordings stay, or to delete ones you don’t want hanging around. Clean Sweep Perhaps you want to just wash your entire history away. Maybe you asked some questions that you’d prefer weren’t hanging around in your Google account, or you just want to stop seeing certain topics appearing in your Google feed. This also may be a helpful feature after a friend or family member asked Google a bunch of questions that have completely altered your algorithm. This command is also located in Google’s My Activity site. Once you have filtered by products and service (as above), select the overflow menu and choose Delete results. This will wipe away all of the questions you have ever asked and any other interactions with the Google Assistant. Keep in mind that doing so will impact how other Google services 7 Free Google Services That Cost You Battery Life and Privacy 7 Free Google Services That Cost You Battery Life and Privacy Here's how to protect your privacy and preserve battery life while using an Android device. Read More might perform. But for many users, losing some of this convenience is a small price to pay for improving their online privacy. Why Keep Your Past Commands Around? Of course, part of the thinking behind a device like Google Home is that the search giant will be able to deliver you a better experience across various products by using this information. For example, if you frequently ask Google Home questions like, “When is the next Golden State Warriors game,” you’re going to start seeing Warriors’ scores in your Google app 5 New Google Apps and Features That Will Wow You 5 New Google Apps and Features That Will Wow You Google has been on a roll lately. The Internet giant has launched more new apps and features to make life easier for its users. Let's find out some of the best ones. Read More . It’s not a short read, but Google’s privacy policy might be the next place to head if you want to better understand how Google uses the information you give to your Google Home. For some people, the convenience of these automatic suggestions is worth the trade-offs in privacy. If you have a Google Home, there are good reasons to go all-in with Google and keep asking, and storing, all of your questions. Google’s goal is to build a “personal Google” just for you. Even though that sounds a little discomforting, you can’t get to AI paradise without providing some information. In return, your searches and questions receive more personalized answers over time. As long as you’re on board with the privacy policy and know what you’re getting into, you may want to leave your search history intact — no matter the topic. This can help your Google Home to know as much as possible about you, allowing you streamlined services and functions that are simply impossible with full privacy protections intact. You Have the Power As ominous as it may seem, we are entering a bold, new world where your information can deliver some pretty eye-opening experiences. But it’s wise to understand exactly what you’re getting yourself into. Thankfully, Google Home includes a system that allows you to dig in and take action if there are bits of data that you don’t want hanging around. A moderate approach is likely your best bet: keep truly identifying or embarrassing information private, while leaving everyday requests intact. Do you actively monitor and delete past interactions from your Google Home account? Let us know what works best for you in the comments. Previous PostYour Browser Has a Fingerprint and It Can Be Tracked Online 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Derek Walter 1 articles Advertisement Latest Giveaways Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone Advertisement Trending 8 Brilliant Search Tools Hidden Within Google Photos Creative 8 Brilliant Search Tools Hidden Within Google Photos Miracast: The Chromecast Alternative You Didn’t Know About Technology Explained Miracast: The Chromecast Alternative You Didn’t Know About Chromebook vs. Chromebox vs. Chromebit: Which Is Right For You? Linux Technology Explained Chromebook vs. Chromebox vs. Chromebit: Which Is Right For You? Advertisement Related Articles 7 Things to Do With Old RAM Modules DIY 7 Things to Do With Old RAM Modules 5 Linux Operating Systems That Offer Bleeding Edge Updates Linux 5 Linux Operating Systems That Offer Bleeding Edge Updates How to Read a Message Without the Sender Knowing You Saw It Android iPhone and iPad How to Read a Message Without the Sender Knowing You Saw It Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip US   Zurich, Switzerland - 20 April, 2016: Google sign on the wall of the Google office building. Google is a multinational technology company specializing in Internet-related services and products. [Denis Linine / Shutterstock, Inc.]    Google’s Fake News ‘Fact Checkers’ Include Snopes, Politifact Eric Lieberman Tech and Law Reporter 12:11 PM 04/07/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5579889 Google rolled out a new feature Friday for its search browser, which uses media outlets like Politifact and Snopes to help combat “fake news.” After inputting a search query on the tech conglomerate’s platform, a user is shown results with “fact checks for one or more public claims” or news stories. “The snippet will display information on the claim, who made the claim, and the fact check of that particular claim,” Justin Kosslyn, product manager of Jigsaw, Google’s technology incubator, and Cong Yu, a research scientist, wrote on an official Google blog post. “As we make fact checks more visible in Search results, we believe people will have an easier time reviewing and assessing these fact checks, and making their own informed opinions.” Kosslyn and Yu don’t specifically mention Snopes or Politifact in their text, but the pictures provided demonstrate the two projects in use. An accompanying map also lists the two websites. Snopes, Politifact, or any such publication deciding which news stories are legitimate leads to editorializing as fact checking is prone to subjectivity. This notion is further evidenced in that not a single fact checker at Snopes comes from a conservative background, which a Daily Caller investigation revealed. In fact, Snopes employs liberals and leftists almost exclusively. Snopes’ fact-checking skills have been called into question after numerous attempts to invalidate certain stories backfired. Politifact has also made some extremely doubtful (and perhaps biased) efforts to disprove and verify certain public claims. The Pulitizer Prize-winning site ruled former Secretary of State John Kerry’s 2014 claim to have destroyed “100 percent” of chemical weapons in Syria as “Mostly true.” Syrian citizens were victims of the worst chemical attack since 2013 on Tuesday, in what many believe was the work of the Syrian government. Google clarified that not every search result will trigger an automatic fact check by Snopes and Politifact because sometimes “different publishers checked the same claim and reached different conclusions.” (RELATED: Podesta Says Fake News Is A Huge Threat, But The Facts Say Different) “Even though differing conclusions may be presented, we think it’s still helpful for people to understand the degree of consensus around a particular claim and have clear information on which sources agree,” Google elaborated. The tech giant thanked its “fact check community,” which reportedly includes 115 organizations, for helping to purportedly refine the feature. Google isn’t the only company trying to fight news it considers deceiving or false. (RELATED: Facebook Exec: We Are ‘Just Getting Started’ With ‘Fake News’ Battle) Facebook rolled out new tools in January and April to help determine what news stories are “sensational” or “misleading.” The tech company also hired a former CNN anchor who isn’t shy about her anti-Trump sentiment in January to become its new arbiter of news. Follow Eric on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: CNN, Facebook, Google, John Kerry, PolitiFact, Snopes Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [March 2017] Yesterday GOOG: 824.67 -3.21 Google’s Chief Game Designer departs, cites ‘big, consequential games’ that ‘failed to materialize’ Abner Li - Apr. 7th 2017 9:00 am PT @technacity Google games View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Back in 2013, Google hired a Chief Game Designer after releasing augmented reality title Ingress under its Niantic division the year prior. Noah Falstein announced yesterday that he’s left the position, while alluding to the seeming state of games at Google: that the company has no particular interest in making them… Nintendo Switch Falstein notes that, while at the company, “the opportunity to actually build the big, consequential games that I had been hired to help create failed to materialize.” He joined the company with a long career as a professional game developer working on “health and neuroscience game titles.” Noting that that field continues “to grow in size, diversity, and geographic reach,” Falstein left so that he can return to development. Google is a tremendous company and I know I will miss the perks, the excitement, and most of all, my colleagues there. But with 37 years as a professional game developer, making games is in my blood. I’m not ready to give up on it, certainly not when there are exciting new fields just opening up. The implication of his departure is that Google has no particular interest in developing games like it once did with Niantic Labs and Ingress. Spun out into an independent company after the 2015 Alphabet restructuring, that company has since found mass success with Pokémon Go. At the moment, Google’s gaming prowess is limited to small games related to its Doodles and thosebuilt into Search, and perhaps some VR apps like Tilt Brush. Google Assistant features a small number of trivia games, while Android and Daydream offer big platforms for development from third-parties. Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Joy-Con Guides Google Stay up to date on news from Google headquarters. Be the first to learn about plans for Android, Google Plus, Google Apps, and more! View THe Guide games View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks Windows10 ProjectScorpio YouTubeTV Mastodon Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Internet/ Google Rolling Out 'Fact Check' Tag to Fight Fake News Google Rolling Out 'Fact Check' Tag to Fight Fake News By Angela Moscaritolo April 7, 2017 10:18am EST 10 Comments When Googling a controversial topic, you may now see a page from fact-checking sites such as PolitiFact or Snopes offering information including whether it's true. Google is bringing some more ammunition to the fight against fake news. The Web giant just introduced a new label that will identify articles appearing in Google News and Search that have been reviewed by third-party fact-checking organizations. Google first started testing the Fact Check tag in a few countries in October, and now it's making the feature available globally, in all languages. Say you want to verify something controversial a politician has said. When you Google that topic, you may now see a page from fact-checking sites such as PolitiFact or Snopes at the top of your results offering information about the claim, who made it, and whether it's true. "With thousands of new articles published online every minute of every day, the amount of content confronting people online can be overwhelming," the company wrote in a blog post. "Unfortunately, not all of it is factual or true, making it hard for people to distinguish fact from fiction." Google warned that fact checks won't be available for every search result, and that different publishers may check the same claim and reach different conclusions. Related Google, Facebook Go After Fake News With New Ad Policies Google, Facebook Go After Fake News With New Ad Policies "These fact checks are not Google's and are presented so people can make more informed judgements," Google wrote. "Even though differing conclusions may be presented, we think it's still helpful for people to understand the degree of consensus around a particular claim and have clear information on which sources agree." Google has laid out some rules for publishers who want to be included as fact checkers, noting that "only publishers that are algorithmically determined to be an authoritative source of information will qualify for inclusion." Meanwhile, Facebook just yesterday introduced a new educational tool designed to help people spot bogus stories. The social network will feature this new tool at the top of people's News Feeds for the next few days. Look for a banner offering "tips for spotting false news" and click "Learn More" to educate yourself. Back to top Previous : Facebook Wants to Help You Spot Bogus News Stories By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Adobe Using Artificial Intelligence to Improve Your Selfies Adobe is developing tools to help you transform any ordinary selfie into a headshot-worthy portrait ... More » Facebook's Virtual Assistant M Invades Messenger The new version of M launching today is completely automated, and will appear in your chats to make ... More » Facebook Wants to Help You Spot Bogus News Stories Over the next few days, you'll see a banner at the top of your News Feed offering 'tips for spotting... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Best Amazon Alexa Skills The Strange World of Console-Computer Hybrids 5 Video Games You'll Want to Buy in April Privacy 101: Why You Need a VPN Spotify Tricks That Will Make You a Streaming Samurai 20 Tricks to Master Google Photos »See More //Discover... 12 Ridiculously Niche Smartphones Google Drive Tips You Can't Afford to Miss The Coolest Features in Windows 10 Creators Update »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google offers 'fact check' conclusions in news searches By Associated Press Published: 12:20 EDT, 7 April 2017 | Updated: 12:20 EDT, 7 April 2017 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) - Google will offer "fact check" tags in its search results - the tech industry's latest effort to combat false and misleading news stories. People who search for a topic in Google's main search engine or the Google News section will see a conclusion such as "mostly true" or "false" next to stories that have been fact checked. Google is working with more than 100 news organizations and fact-checking groups including The Associated Press, the BBC, PolitiFact and Snopes.com. Their conclusions will appear in search results as long as they meet certain criteria for automation. FILE - This Oct. 20, 2015, file photo, shows a sign outside Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Google will start offering "fact check" tags next to some news stories in search results in the tech industry's latest effort to combat false and misleading news stories, on Friday, April 7, 2017. People who search for a topic in the regular search engine or the Google News section will see a conclusion such as "mostly true" or "false" next to news stories that had been fact checked by one of more than 100 organizations, including The Associated Press, PolitiFact and Snopes.com.(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) Google says that only some news stories will have been fact checked, and multiple organizations may reach different conclusions. Friday's announcement expands on a program started in October. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Dear neighbours... sorry about the building work, here's £45,000 (and a Hoover) Yours, the Clooneys: George and Amal offer compensation for noise caused by renovations  'I had a midlife crisis at 28': Freida Pinto tells why her relationship with Slumdog Millionaire co-star Dev Patel hit the rocks in 2014 Existential crisis 'She had a black eye and bruising everywhere, but made the X Factor final': Sharon Osbourne speaks out on the abuse Mel B suffered Bringing the glam! Amber Heard and Cara Delevingne cut sophisticated figures as they lead the stars at benefit gala in LA 'Barbados soon!' Busty Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display as she squeezes her VERY ample curves into a hot pink bikini for selfie Setting pulses racing Wardrobe Confidential: Former model, TV presenter and mum of one Jodie Kidd talks about her wardrobe staples  SPONSORED They're in paradise! Sleepy Hollow star Lyndie Greenwood shows off bikini body during romantic getaway to Los Cabos with beau Ben Jamieson 'Didn't think she looked surprised!' Maria Fowler accuses pregnant Danielle Lloyd of staging her Loose Women baby scan... after clinic claims it scanned the model a WEEK ago Date night! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her growing baby bump in LBD after dinner with fiance Jason Statham 'New hair, who dis?' Zoe Kravitz debuts brand new pixie cut on Instagram after chopping off all her hair She's a knockout! Brooke Burke shows off svelte abs as she squares up to a punch bag From the spa to the slopes? Lena Dunham emerges from a holistic health session in a ski-themed sweater Making the beach her runway! Cindy Crawford wows in white and mint bikini while frolicking in St. Barts 'Just plug your thing and get out!' Jimmy Barnes has a HILARIOUS Today Show interview as his son and host David Campbell asks him to LEAVE Cindy Crawford's model daughter Kaia Gerber sports lilac bikini as she enjoys a dip in St Barts Carrie Fisher's brother confirms Princess Leia WILL appear in Star Wars Episode IX... which will be released three years after her death That's how she does it! Kelly Bensimon shows how she gets her ageless bikini bod as she packs a punch  'It brought her to tears': 'Emotional Cheryl touched' after Ashley Cole wished her and Liam Payne 'only happiness' following the birth of their first child Bear on tour! Stephen enjoys a night out in Sydney with a bevvy of mystery females... but moans that girlfriend Charlotte Crosby isn't there as she stays in New Zealand SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Do ya think I'm needy? Penny Lancaster reassures Rod Stewart he's still got it at 72 with a public show of affection Birds of a feather! Gabrielle Union dons vibrant canary yellow parachute pants and avian-inspired embroidered coat for night out with husband Dwyane Wade Hot couple alert! Jai Courtney and girlfriend Mecki Dent show off their flawless good looks and impeccable style at Championships race day Guardian of the gal-waxy! Zoe Saldana unveils her waxwork at Madame Tussauds in Hollywood 'Be authentic and quite personal' Social media influencer Cartia Mallan reveals the one thing she wouldn't do on Instagram 'I've been pregnant forever': Lauren Brant reveals 'daily naps and baths' keep her from turning into the Grinch as she eagerly awaits birth of first child with partner Barry Hall Crowning glory! Model Amy Pejkovic wows in revealing white lace ensemble as she attends Championships race day at Royal Randwick Red hot! Anna Heinrich flaunts cleavage in figure-hugging frock as she makes a bold arrival at Championships race day 'This is not the parent I want to be': Natalie Bassingthwaighte reveals the 'difficult' impact I'm A Celeb had on her family What jacket? No white in sight for Amber Sherlock as she leads the fashion pack at The Championships race day My Kitchen Rules' Betty Banks flaunts trim figure in tight long-sleeve beige dress... after being caught taking a selfie while driving Soldiering on! Jesinta Campbell battles fatigue with eye masks in makeup free video before sharing glamorous selfie 'I respect the way she's dealt with everything': Simon Cowell reveals Mel B is 'under pressure but in a good place'... in light of nasty split from ex Stephen Belafonte Making a splash! Courteney Cox, 52, looks sensational in black bikini as she hits the waves in the Bahamas Nothing to hide Popping out! Kim Kardashian embraces her dark side as she flashes side boob in busty black bodysuit and sweat pants teamed with snake skin boots Love's young dream: Carrie Fisher's daughter Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner enjoy kisses in the sea on romantic getaway to St Barts  Romantic getaway Pippa Middleton steps out in a jumper and skinny jeans just a day after Kate opted for a near identical outfit as the countdown begins to her wedding day The A-Z of Pippa's big day: Carole's the party planner. Naughty Uncle Gary IS invited, but Harry's Meghan WON'T be there. And don't mention the best man's six-in-a-bed orgies! It's murder on the racecourse! Sophie Ellis-Bextor wows in thigh-skimming romper as she puts on an energetic performance at Aintree Ladies Day Still smiling! Olly Murs attends German award show just days after revealing he is heartbroken after split with ex Francesca Thomas She rocks! Megan Fox dons ripped jeans and large crystal for shopping jaunt in Malibu Howe about that! Playboy Bunny Carla displays her eye-popping cleavage as she goes braless in flimsy white top Little to imagination 'We've promised that none of our kids will date!' Gordon Ramsay reflects on close friendship with David Beckham and insists their children will never be romantically involved A whole new you! Renee Zellweger is almost  unrecognizable as she ditches the blonde for brunette in Same Kind Of Different As Me teaser 'Happy Friday!' Geri Horner, 44, shows off her trim tummy just TWO MONTHS after giving birth to baby Monty as she kicks off her weekend with video 'She's is pretty cut up about it and hoped they would last the distance': Stephanie Waring and Michael Greco 'split over his party boy lifestyle' after six months 'Well damn... I'm a dad!' The X Factor star Kieran Alleyne, 21, announces he is a father after ex-girlfriend Sophie Johnson gives birth to a baby boy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Binky Felstead bares her bump in a bikini as she and beau JP go for romantic boat ride during sun-kissed Mauritius babymoon The party continues! 'Peru Two' drugs mule Michaella McCollum soaks up the sun in Ibiza as she celebrates the first anniversary of her prison release In his element! X-Factor winner Isaiah Firebrace wows the audience with his vocal prowess at Sydney's ICC ahead of Eurovision contest Mel B sports seasonal floral print midi-dress as she step out in Hollywood... after 'court order' barring estranged Stephen Belafonte from releasing sex tapes It's about to get a whole lot dirtier! Mel B claims her husband made her join in threesomes and got the nanny pregnant... but now he's set to hit back  'They mutually agreed to call it quits': Love Island's Cara De La Hoyde and Nathan Massey 'SPLIT after rows over silly things'... weeks after lashing out at break-up claims Olivia Munn and Aaron Rodgers 'SPLIT after three years'... amid claims actress was at the centre of sportsman's family feud  Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into this week's soaps   There is always something sad about soapland deaths 'Mom and dad coparenting': Kourtney Kardashian insists she's NOT back with Scott Disick after Hawaii trip as she gets lunch with Kim and Khloe Bondage on the beach! Charlotte Dawson oozes sex appeal in short clingy dress and saucy thigh-high buckle boots for night out Titillating display Cheat day! Khloe Kardashian flashes her bra in sheer top as she digs into 200 calorie frozen yogurt cone after dieting down to 128lbs Cutting the fat 'She's the other half of my soul': Adam Rickitt reveals he knew his wife Katy was 'the one' after their first meeting... as he discusses battle with chronic spine condition 'Have I made mistakes? Certainly': Caitlyn Jenner admits regrets in new Diane Sawyer interview... after admitting the Kardashians have frozen her out Bella Thorne flaunts her bikini body on Instagram for World Health Day... after claiming she was depressed Hides her face 'Morning Angel!' Phoebe Burgess shows off adorable wide-eyed shot of daughter Poppy, as the tiny tot appears shocked by her weekend wake-up Alesha Dixon 'set to receive seven-figure windfall after Mis-Teeq royalties were not paid for over ten years'... after she hints girlband could reunite 'I react VERY differently now': Julie Snook reveals 'jacketgate' saga with Amber Sherlock would have taken a turn for the worse Pining for Summer? I'm A Celebrity's Tegan Martin flaunts her ample assets and slender pins in a series of raunchy outfits Travel buddies! Katherine Heigl shares sweet snap of her smiling baby boy while waiting to board flight to LA Five-hour delay  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is shutting down her lifestyle blog a sign Meghan Markle is preparing for a wedding?  'It's a huge worry for her': Chanelle Hayes left 'concerned' after doctors say diabetes risk could lead to complications during her pregnancy Kicking up a stink! Chloe Sims' trip to the farm during TOWIE filming ends in disaster as she accidentally falls in SHEEP POO Baa-d experience Fit for office! Meet the hunky personal trainer who is pushing Theresa May to the limit in the gym (but are YOU tough enough to try out the PM's workout?) The apple of their eye! Claire Danes and husband Hugh Dancy hold hands with son Cyrus during nature hike The family were spotted enjoying the weather New Game Of Thrones costumes for highly anticipated seventh season revealed HBO promo debuts the cast's outfits for upcoming series Mama June reveals daughter Honey Boo Boo, 11, has dropped 7lbs as family join in reality star's weight loss effort Family effort Comfort first! Rihanna makes fashion faux pas wearing SOCKS and sandals at LAX after Japan trip Unusual combo George Shelley is dropped from Capital FM's Breakfast Show... after quitting Union J to focus on his broadcasting and acting career Glow on the go! Kate Bosworth looks radiant complexion as she touches down after cross country flight Fresh faced Sexy Cindy! Crawford, 51, poses TOPLESS on the beach while modeling 'mom jeans' after flaunting her bikini body in St Barts Siren by the sea 'B**** don't kill my vibe!' TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou appears to take a swipe at Danielle Armstrong following shock brawl over James Lock 'Time to say goodbye': Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle announces she is shutting down her lifestyle blog, as her romance blossoms Patsy Kensit is 'in talks with bosses about joining Celebs Go Dating'... after 'turning to Tinder to find love' Hunt for her dream man Indecent exposure! Bella Hadid flashes naked hips as she pulls down sweatpants to reveal SHEER bodysuit in move that leaves fans gawking Nautical and nice! Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley, 51, sizzles as she flaunts her busty assets and enviably toned midriff in TINY string bikini Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful in leopard-print dress as she joins Jasmine Tookes and Olivia Palermo at fragrance luncheon 'It's ANOTHER messy boy!': Pregnant Danielle Lloyd discovers the sex of her fourth baby live on TV... as she vows to keep trying until she has a girl In the Wright lane! Jessica catches the eye in thigh-skimming ruffled minidress as she joins forces with bus company to launch fashion campaign Gerard Butler sports unkempt beard and cable knit jumper as he continues shooting new film Keeper in Scotland Far from Hollywood  Mother's little helper! Jodi Gordon shares sweet moment where three-year-old daughter Aleeia helps zip up her lacy frock This is 33! Mandy Moore celebrates her birthday early with boyfriend Taylor Goldsmith and pals at Disneyland Happiest Place On Earth Beach bum! Jacqui Ritchie gives a cheeky flash of her derriere in VERY skimpy swimsuit as she documents her idyllic family holiday on Instagram  Bad hair day! Ashlee Simpson is nearly unrecognizable with wild blonde locks after a workout in LA Frizz-tastic Make-up free Cat Deeley shows off her natural beauty as she departs from LAX airport in denim ensemble... following 'bitter dispute with waiter' No wonder A-Rod loves her! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wows as she flashes ample cleavage in plunging semi-sheer gown for glam shoot Silver and sequins Bling it on! Kanye West is launching a jewellery line... and his wife Kim Kardashian has been modelling the chunky gold pieces for months Husband of many talents Lily James and Matt Smith put on stylish display as they enjoy a drink in the sun during day out in London Their romance appears to be as strong as ever The incredible shrinking man! Jonah Hill shows off major weight loss as he grabs lunch in LA with gal pal  Slim and trim as he ventured out for a bite Big Little Frappe! Reese Witherspoon grabs iced coffee after sweating it out at yoga The 41-year-old filled up with a big cream topped beverage Fun in the sun! Kevin Hart treats wife and two kids to island vacation after wrapping film, The Untouchables Muscular abs on display  Hotting up! Sofia Vergara covers up in just a bedsheet as she films racy scene with co-star Karl Urban for new movie Bent in Italy Showing her soft side Going on a beer run! Makeup-free Anne Hathaway joins husband Adam Shulman as they pick up a pack of craft brew from LA grocery store BEL MOONEY: Even after her affairs, I can't bear to lose my glum wife   This week, advice for a man who says his wife does not love him Mel B 'has changed divorce petition to request permanent sole custody of daughter Madison' as feud with estranged husband rumbles on Orange Is The New Black's Diane Guerrero flaunts her fabulous physique in tropical swimsuit while puckering up to mystery man in Miami 'That image was taken to represent some kind of sexual misconduct': Cuba Gooding explains how playful moment with Sarah Paulson was twisted Spring break: Pink keeps her post-baby body under wraps while in Mexico as she shares a snap of four-month old Jameson Covered up 'Whoa u shady!': Chrissy Teigen responds in awe after children's character Arthur ribs 'look-alike' John Legend over his yellow top on Twitter Singer Ricky Martin has been cast as Gianni Versace's lover Antonio D'Amico in Ryan Murphy's Versace: American Crime Story Beret quirky! Rita Ora rocks mismatched striped shirt and joggers emsemble as she heads to the studio to record new music Looking focussed 'I can't wait to see him as James Bond': Oscar winning writer John Ridley lets slip Idris Elba is set for iconic 007 role Couldn't help but gush about the star's talent Trinny Woodall shows off her quirky style as she layers a white jumpsuit with a kimono and trench for night out Unique style On his best behaviour? Pop singer Boy George praised for being 'easy to work with' on The Voice Australia despite controversial past  'They ARE supportive!': Jordan Rodgers' fiancée JoJo Fletcher gushed about his family hours before outcast Aaron split from Olivia Munn Interesting timing 'A 100% successful transplant': Danny Masterson shares photo of wife Bijou Phillips with her kidney donor after life-saving surgery 'You should get her number, Mel': Former BINTM star Holly Carpenter reveals star's 'creepy' husband invited her to one of their private parties Mum's the word! Rebekah Vardy proudly displays her post-pregnancy figure as she attends charity event with baby son Finley Jaiden 'You only live once!' Stacey Solomon goes 'a little crazy' as she trades in her blonde locks for striking pastel pink mane while emerging in London Braless Claire Richards looks super svelte in extreme plunging red top as Steps release new video for comeback single Scared Of The Dark 'She's the perfect girl for me, I love her': Scotty T reveals he has ditched nights out for new girlfriend... as he SLAMS his 'rowdy' ex Francesca Toole 'She doesn't want to be outshone': Pippa 'BANS model Vogue Williams from her wedding' - even though she is dating groom James Matthews' brother Spencer Bikini-clad Joan Smalls cups her assets as she shows off her sensational figure while bathing in a Jamaican pool for swimwear campaign Hair raising! Sarah Michelle Gellar, 39, styles her tresses in eye-catching updo as she promotes new cookbook She's a new Girl! Lena Dunham twirls in vintage designer dress just like Naomi Campbell... before donning her jeans for an outing Adele's 2011 hit album 21 makes history as longest-charting album by a woman on Billboard 200... taking over Carole King's record Caroline Flack shows off her toned figure in thigh-skimming frilly skirt and plunging top as she displays her killer dance moves in stunning new shoot Pregnant Danielle Bux cradles her growing baby bump upon her return to LA... after moving back in with ex-husband Gary Lineker during visit to the UK Exes Iggy Azalea and Nick Young list Tarzana mansion for $3.6M... after rapper reveals she now lives in a 'regular' house Short-lived engagement  'Is he actually tipsy?' This Morning viewers tease Eamonn Holmes as he mistakes Adam Rickitt for Joe Swash... after sipping gin and tonic live on air 'He stuck with me!' Meghan Trainor reveals she couldn't talk for three months after vocal surgery... so her boyfriend Daryl Sabara learnt sign language Khan't do any wrong! Chloe showcases her ample assets in sizzling bronzed bikini as she enjoys relaxing Maldives break Just Khan't get enough 'If she's not going to listen to me, then she's not going to listen to anyone': Sophie Kasaei vents over cousin Marnie holidaying with love rat ex Lewis Bloor Crop of the morning! Scout Willis shows off her taut waist in sports bra and shorts after hitting the gym Left it all on show after her workout Melania Trump and Peng Liyuan are interviewed by student journalists and pupils sing about empowering women as they bond during visit to school  'I'm a happily married man!': Alec Baldwin clarifies when she said he fell in love with Tina Fey he meant he fell in love with her 'talent' Riding on! Alec Baldwin's son Rafael is in the driving seat as the two head out for coffee with mom Hilaria... after the actor's epic row with over sex scene 'Thanks for greatest proposal ever!': Emma Stone responds to teen's La La Land inspired prom request, adding he resembles her co-star Ryan Gosling Rosie And Her Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat: Pregnant Huntington-Whiteley covers growing bump with statement jacket as she heads to a meeting Kylie Jenner slashes price of luxury 'starter home' by ANOTHER $300k to $3.3m The reality star can't shift her five bedroom property Newly-single Kylie Jenner 'in the midst of a love triangle as two rappers vie for her attention'... following split from long-term beau Tyga Family tradition! Jessa, Jill and Jinger Duggar reveal the nostalgic thing they did to their wedding dresses to remind them of their mother Stephen Bear LICKS Charlotte Crosby while frolicking in the pool as the duo pack on the PDA during romantic trip to the Dominican Republic Not exactly shy Is a healthy MIND the key to a toned body? Khloe Kardashian's Revenge Body trainer reveals her tips to get in shape (and it's all down to mental wellbeing!) TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou defiantly steps out with boyfriend James Lock... following her 'explosive row with his ex Danielle Armstrong in a club' EXCLUSIVE 'I feel like I already have a child': Steph Pratt on why she won't be following her pregnant MIC co-star Binky into motherhood anytime soon Little Minx! Jade Thirlwall 'forgets to wear a bra' as she jokingly draws attention to her assets while sporting a cheekily designed t-shirt Abreast of the joke BREAKING NEWS: Bafta-winning actor Tim Pigott-Smith, star of stage and screen for 45 years, dies aged 70  Starred in 1984's The Jewel in the Crown 'Can we watch something else?': Adam Sandler, 50, admits daughters don't like his movies Sadie and Sunny 'tune out' watching his films Paquin a punch: True Blood's Anna goes completely naked to romp with Downton star Allen Leech in Canadian drama Bellevue Major change of role Jenna Jameson shares first picture of newborn baby girl after welcoming third child at 42... and reveals her VERY unusual name WATCH: Amanda Holden and Simon Cowell put their balancing skills to the test in hilarious Dog Yoga act on upcoming series of BGT Painting the town red! Freida Pinto dazzles in scarlet trouser suit and sexy lace cami as she promotes new TV series Guerrilla in London Brooklyn Beckham debuts new moustache as he heads to dinner in mismatched shoes... amid backlash over 'meaningless' Native American tattoo Auditioning for Baywatch? Heidi Klum models very sexy red bikini as she races through the ocean with her daughter Lou in Turks And Caicos SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street takes a dramatic turn as Nick Tilsley gets stuck in QUICK SAND during trip to the beach Troubled waters That's what makes her Happy: Fearne Cotton is a delight in ditzy floral denim dungarees... after praising husband Jesse for his support during dark times 'You have completed us, baby girl': Rochelle Humes shares sweet collage celebrating daughter Valentina being one month old Lastest addition 'I hated THAT diet, it was torture': Action star Jai Courtney reveals how he stays buff in Hollywood including his strict diet for Terminator Genisys Mystery solved? Megan McKenna's former beau Harry Eden 'unveiled as the ex she cheated on Pete Wicks with'... as she claims she was 'faithful' Fascinating archive of photos reveals a who's who of UK entertainers in the 70s - including Kenny Everett, Marc Bolan and a young David Attenborough  Barbara Windsor, 79, cuts an incredibly youthful figure as she enjoys a beach day in Barbados with her husband Scott Mitchell, 53 Gigi Hadid makes low-key appearance in Paris as she ditches her usual catwalk glam for a casual pair of mom jeans and biker boots Keeping it casual EXCLUSIVE: Housewives Sheree Whitfield, Jill Zarin and Joanna Krupa to star in new SITCOM portraying washed up reality TV stars Kim Kardashian's famous sex tape with Ray J has netted '$100million since its release TEN years ago' Homemade tape made her a star Willing and Abel? Leggy Selena Gomez attempts to keep a  low profile as she and The Weeknd slip out of Hollywood hotspot on romantic date night  PICTURED: German nanny Lorraine Gilles emerges following Mel B's explosive claim that she fell pregnant during affair with estranged Stephen Belafonte EXCLUSIVE 'I didn't set foot in a gym until I was 38': Melanie Sykes on her fitness transformation and why she'll NEVER give up bacon and biscuits What's going on here? Bella Hadid spotted exiting a car with Australian model Jordan Barrett... after unfollowing ex The Weeknd on Instagram 'It would be disastrous not to do anything!' Alesha Dixon insists there WILL be a Mis-Teeq reunion when the time is right So-so-so Scandalous 'You could have heard a pin drop': Emmerdale's John Middleton and Charlotte Bellamy discuss heartbreaking Ashley Thomas death scene Here comes the hotstepper: Kate Upton shows off a series of bizarre moves as she competes against Jimmy Fallon in hilarious dance-off 'Why do they call you My Cocaine?' Michael Caine reveals he was once thought to be a drug dealer thanks to Cockney pronunciation of his own name Crete expectations: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her incredible two stone weight loss in plunging yellow and pink swimsuit  'You big bald baby!': Mel B rows with Stephen Belafonte and breaks down in counselling as clips from their reality show resurface amid abuse allegations Mel B dresses to impress as she makes her second  appearance since winning a restraining order against estranged Stephen Belafonte Don't start believin! Steve Perry will NOT perform with former band Journey at Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame induction 'There is nothing more fun than playing ridiculous comedic villains': Smurfs actor Rainn Wilson reveals what it's like to be the bad guy  Game Of Thrones' Nathalie Emmanuel teams animal print top with asymmetric mini skirt as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel show  Long way from Hollyoaks 'No wonder she was on cocaine!': Paul O'Grady quips good friend Cilla Black must have taken drugs to host Blind Date... as he blunders on show reboot A vision in white! Sam Faiers flaunts her ample assets in perilously plunging figure-hugging dress for her fashion launch Yummy mummy Victoria Beckham reveals how much she relies on husband David when she's working... as she credits 'insecure' Spice Girl days for her fashion empire 'Boys' night out': David Beckham enjoys dinner date with sons Romeo and Cruz as they dine out in style in LA Focusing on family since email furore TOWIE's Chloe Lewis wears gingham trousers to attend fashion pool party... after confessing to steamy smooch with Kate Wright's ex Dan Edgar Holland Taylor, 74, looks youthful in sporty gear as she legs it around town without partner Sarah Paulson  She's celebrating 50 years in showbiz  Harry Styles reveals he would be 'honoured' to be godfather to Liam Payne and Cheryl's newborn son... but admits he has 'a lot of competition' Jersey Shore star Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino hit with tax evasion charge that could send him to prison while awaiting trial for not reporting $8.9m in earnings Iskra Lawrence flaunts her enviable curves in a demure floral jumpsuit for the DVF Awards in New York Usually seen in scantily-clad Instagrams Lara Bingle flashes her cleavage and svelte post-pregnancy figure in sultry photo shoot for Harper's Bazaar as she reveals her second son is called Racer Poppy Delevingne offers a glimpse of cleavage as she goes braless in a plunging cream jacket at star-studded Chanel dinner in LA  'Not long till I get to dance like I'm at a school disco with this one': Little Mix star Jesy Nelson posts video of her and new beau Chris Clark swaying to Drake Purple reign! Beaming Princess Beatrice wears a bold mini dress to take to the stage in New York  Owned the stage like a true royal Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in a low-cut top and high-rise jeans as she stops off at a petrol station She's a real gas I'll be there for you! Courteney Cox hugs her daughter Coco as they return to LA from Florida break... following the youngster's music video debut 'I'd prefer to have sex than die': Ed Sheeran confirms he is not killed off during 'five minute' role on GOT... after filming surprise cameo for fan Maisie Williams Flirty Sofia Vergara indulges in some very sexy dance moves with handsome producer Andrea Iervolino as she displays her curves in a very busty lace dress Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie splurges £9,000 on a BEARD transplant which took 12 hours to complete... as he continues to combat 'insecurity' issues Splish splash! Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber and her father Rande swim in the surf during family vacation to St Barts Non-stop fun in the sun She's got great jeans! Khloe Kardashian parades bodacious behind in black tracksuit on way to her Good American denim warehouse Leg-endary! Kim Kardashian praises fan who got her and husband Kanye West's names tattooed on each thigh Tatts-too much! MC Harvey's girlfriend Montana Manning flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy blue bikini as they enjoy a romantic beach break Checkered history Mum knows best! Heartbroken Megan McKenna is comforted by mother Tanya as they head for dinner in Essex Newly single  The colour purple! Jennifer Hudson draws stares as she flaunts wares in tight dress at Sandy Wexler premiere Looked sensational in the eye-catching frock David Beckham adds to his huge tattoo collection as he shares photo of his new shin inking... a week after watching son Brooklyn, 18, get his first design Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones TVs Computing Apps Cloud Brand Centres Components Desktop PCs Laptops & Convertibles Monitors Networking & WiFi Security Servers & Storage Software & Services Tablets & eBook Windows Hardware & Software Batteries & Energy Blu-ray Cameras (Stills) Cameras (Video) Virtual Assistants Drones Gadgets GPS and Sat Nav Headphones & Earbuds Home Appliances Home Theatre & Entertainment Media Streamers Printers, Scanners & MFDs Set Top Boxes and PVR Smart Watch & Wearables Smart Home Software & Services Speakers VR and AR Wireless routers & networking Business Centre Business Center Home Cloud Cryptocurrency, Bitcoin & Blockchain eCommerce & Retail Fintech Govt. & Telecomms Hardware Innovation IoT Mobility NBN Networking Search Security Servers & Storage Software & Dev Whitepapers Games & Gaming Console PC More 3D Printing A.I. Car Tech Books Broadband Coding & Hacking Copyright & DRM Education Events Fashion Google Government Health Internet Kids & Toys Music & Audio NBN Netflix & SVOD New & Future Tech Privacy Quantum Computing Recycling & Green Tech Science & Space Social Media Sports Robots Tor & Darknet Travel Web/Geek/Nerd culture Wikileaks & Censorship Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Google combats fake news with 'Fact Check' results... Google combats fake news with 'Fact Check' results in search and news Google is helping news readers by rolling out its fact check label worldwide. Ian Paul (PC World (US online)) on 08 April, 2017 00:22 0 - - - - print email IDG Google is ready to roll out its fact check label to Google News editions worldwide after introducing the feature in October for the United States and the U.K. The label will also appear in searches in all languages that Google supports.  When you’re searching for a topic that’s been answered by a source using the fact check label, Google’s results page will include a snippet with three components: information about the claim being made, who made the claim, and whether that claim is true, false, or somewhere in between. It may also appear in a Google News cluster with the term “Fact check” before the headline. Ian Paul/PCWorld A fact check snippet in Google search. Google warns that the fact check label won’t appear for every possible conspiracy or crazy news story you can think of. A search for “the Earth is flat,” for example, did not have surface any fact check labels at this writing. Arguably it shouldn’t as the claim is preposterous and doesn’t merit serious consideration, anyway. For a site to earn the fact check label, it must include Schema.org’s ClaimReview markup in their HTML. The story behind the story: The problem, however, is that flat earthers and other conspiracy theorists may be able to game Google’s new fact check label, at least in the short term. If all that’s required is proper HTML markup, a site could try to get a fact check label for a false story. However, Google is willing to use its power as the world’s most popular search engine to counteract any shenanigans. The company’s support pages say that if a site does not meet Google’s standards for fact checking the search engine may ignore the publisher’s markup or remove the site from Google News. Another situation that users may confront is when two fact-check labels offer different conclusions. Google says this is possible under its new scheme. “There may be search result pages where different publishers checked the same claim and reached different conclusions,” Google said in a blog post. “We think it’s still helpful for people to understand the degree of consensus around a particular claim and have clear information on which sources agree.” HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 More from HP Inc Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Ian Paul PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Epson WorkForce ET-4550 Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Mobile Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > Epson EB-1776W Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Epson WorkForce DS-360W Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Exec Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > Budget Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Subaru XV 2017 review 2 ​Kogan Atlas UltraSlim Pro laptop: full, in-depth review 3 ​Gigabyte Aorus GA-AX370-Gaming 5 AMD Ryzen AM4 motherboard review 4 ​Kogan curved 4K UHD 55-inch LED LCD TV review 5 ​Panasonic Blu-ray recorder PVR set-top box review Latest News Articles Microsoft prepares for Redstone 3's fall release, with Windows 10 Mobile nowhere in sight This week in games: Batman VR, a Dishonored 2 demo, and a Mass Effect Andromeda patch A 32GB Wi-Fi iPad is $299 today Google combats fake news with 'Fact Check' results in search and news Samsung's 49-inch mega-wide display may displace multi-monitor setups Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles PCW Evaluation Team Azadeh Williams HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 A smarter way to print for busy small business owners, combining speedy printing with scanning and copying, making it easier to produce high quality documents and images at a touch of a button. Andrew Grant HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 I've had a multifunction printer in the office going on 10 years now. It was a neat bit of kit back in the day -- print, copy, scan, fax -- when printing over WiFi felt a bit like magic. It’s seen better days though and an upgrade’s well overdue. This HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 looks like it ticks all the same boxes: print, copy, scan, and fax. (Really? Does anyone fax anything any more? I guess it's good to know the facility’s there, just in case.) Printing over WiFi is more-or- less standard these days. Ed Dawson HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 As a freelance writer who is always on the go, I like my technology to be both efficient and effective so I can do my job well. The HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 Inkjet Printer ticks all the boxes in terms of form factor, performance and user interface. Michael Hargreaves Windows 10 for Business / Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Aysha Strobbe Windows 10 / HP Spectre x360 Ultimately, I think the Windows 10 environment is excellent for me as it caters for so many different uses. The inclusion of the Xbox app is also great for when you need some downtime too! Mark Escubio Windows 10 / Lenovo Yoga 910 For me, the Xbox Play Anywhere is a great new feature as it allows you to play your current Xbox games with higher resolutions and better graphics without forking out extra cash for another copy. Although available titles are still scarce, but I’m sure it will grow in time. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content ​Mass Effect Andromeda review: One for the fans LG G6 phone: full, in-depth review ​Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 phone: Full, in-depth review Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTSocial Media ExecutiveNSW CCProcess Specialist - TelcoVIC CCDevelopment Lead - Java - TelcoVIC FTSAS DeveloperNSW TPBusiness Project Manager - DigitalNSW TPSenior Drupal Developer / ArchitectQLD FTTechnical Consultant - ApplicationsSA CCDigital Solution ArchitectNSW TPSenior Node.JS DeveloperNSW FTSenior Java EngineerWA FTLooking for Information Security professional @ CanberraNSW CCTraining Content and Delivery SpecialistNSW CCPerl Developer l Port Macquarie or QueanbeyanQLD FTRisk And Governance ManagerNSW FTSecurity Architect - Perth BasedQLD FTDeveloper - Python, Ruby, or PerlQLD TPQlikViewDeveloperQLD FTAndroid DeveloperSA FTJava Technical Expert with JSF 2 ( Canberra role)VIC FTSenior Systems EngineerNSW FTFront End DeveloperNSW TPUnix- Technical Support OfficerVIC FTLinux Systems AdministratorNZ FTJunior Applications SupportNSW FTIT SpecialistACT Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Microsoft hikes Windows 10 savings claims by 28% computerworld.com.au The iCloud hackers' bitcoin ransom looks like a fake cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Datatec ponders US$800 million Westcon-Comstor stake sale arnnet.com.au Report: Australia's love affair with audience data is heating up cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
VISIT CNBC.COM VISIT CNBC.COM Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials SHOWS Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials All Shows Adventure Capitalists American Greed American Vice Billion Dollar Buyer Blue Collar Millionaires Cleveland Hustles Ground Zero Rising Jay Leno’s Garage Make Me a Millionaire Inventor The Deed The Deed: Chicago The Filthy Rich Guide The Partner The Profit The Profit in Cuba Secret Lives of the Super Rich Shark Tank Undercover Boss West Texas Investors Club Full Episodes Live Store X How to Win in Business How to Win in Business Former Google exec: Most bosses make the same crucial mistake Marguerite Ward | @forwardist 15 Hours Ago CNBC.com show chapters Top Silicon Valley CEO: This is what separates the good bosses from the bad ones    15 Hours Ago | 00:58 SHARES The goal of a boss is to be a team's decision-maker, right? Not exactly, says Kim Scott, former Google executive and sought-after Silicon Valley CEO coach. Scott knows the ins and outs of well-managed teams. She's helped numerous C-suite clients including executives at Dropbox and Twitter, among others, and has worked closely with Google co-founder and Alphabet CEO Larry Page. One of the most common mistakes bosses make, Scott says, is trying to make all of a team's decisions. "Don't fall into the trap of trying to grab all of the decisions yourself," Scott tells CNBC. "You're not helping your team." First Round Kim Scott, former Google exec and CEO coach. According to the leadership expert, having one person make the majority of a team's decisions, both granular and strategic, can hurt the group's performance in the long run. By trying to solve everything, a boss can end up diminishing the team's ability to collaborate, share expertise and make decisions collectively, Scott says. Plus, it's just not always possible. "You don't know the facts as well as the people on your team do," Scott says. "Don't fall into the trap of trying to grab all of the decisions yourself." -Kim Scott, Author of "Radical Candor"  An experience Scott had with Page serves as a perfect example. At a conference for Google employees, the two were watching "Roving Mars," a documentary about the NASA engineers who achieved the incredible feat of exploring the Red Planet. After the film, one of the operation's lead engineers said that over 4,000 people worked on the Mars rover, and that no one single person could completely understand the whole process, including those who led it. In other words, exploring Mars was only possible through an intense level of collaboration, a fact that struck a chord with Page. David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images Caption:Larry Page, co-founder and chief executive officer at Google Inc. Instead of being discouraged by the fact that it took 4,000 people to accomplish something, Page was inspired. The CEO turned to Scott and said, "Wow, that really makes you feel like you can accomplish something, doesn't it?" In her book "Radical Candor," Scott recommends managers create a culture where any employee can feel open to weigh in on a decision if he or she feels strongly. She's also developed an app called Candor that helps bosses assess their strengths and weaknesses, including if they are being too aggressive in their approach. In some cases, Scott says, bosses should outsource a decision to a direct-report or other employee who will then be tasked as the "decision-maker." The designated employee would be in charge of gathering all of the information from others involved, holding a conversation about it and then presenting the boss with the decision once it's made. This encourages a more collaborative approach to making decisions, without taking a lot of a leader's time. At the very least, simply making a point to listen to your employees goes a long way, the CEO coach says. "Telling people what to do," she emphasizes, "doesn't work." Check out Scott's advice on when a boss knows it's time to fire an employee show chapters Here's how to fire someone    Tuesday, 28 Mar 2017 | 2:53 PM ET | 01:01 Video by Andrea Kramar. Marguerite WardReporter, CNBC Make It To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 135 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares209 Development Google News Starting on April 10th Google plans on pushing out an update to the sign-in page for Google accounts. This change is meant to further unify the sign-in process across your various devices. Although the news was posted to the G Suite Developers blog, we do fully expect this change to affect all Google accounts on all browsers, mobile browsers, and iOS apps (Android apps should not be affected). Google's SSO will also see additional changes beyond the purely cosmetic, as a new permissions grant redirect will be added to the login process, and permissions requested by a site or service will be more explicitly stated. The privacy-conscious will be excited to hear that Google is making such an effort to ensure a greater awareness on the part of users when it comes to privacy and consent in the use of third party services. Unfortunately, the permission request pane will no longer list what Google considers to be "standard" permission requests, presumably including basic account information. At least Google is making some effort to increase privacy awareness during login, even going so far as to increase the burden of responsibility for that privacy on developers by requiring contact information to be listed at a link on the permissions page. These aren't the only changes to login Google will be making. The use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe after April 20th, so if you are a developer relying on a webview redirect for OAuth to grant permissions you should consider changing to the official methods very soon before it breaks. Even some large companies like Airbnb and Pocket still haven't updated to the new methods, so it's worth taking a look. The rollout for the new sign-in is expected to be quite extended, potentially requiring more than two weeks for full visibility, so don't be surprised if you don't notice any changes to your sign-in process for a while. Most people probably won't notice much of a change beyond the cosmetic, anyway (although, our readers certainly aren't most people). Source: Google Support, G Suite Updates, G Suite Developers Blog, Medium Tags Google login Google SSO google+ sign in permissions privacy SSO subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay ... Next Story Fact Check goes global for Search and Google News results Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments Trooper311 Was wondering when this was going to be rolling out. Thanks. Josh Crumley Of all the companies out there taking our personal data and using it for profit, Google is by far the least secretive about it. I'm glad they're making the permissions more detailed. Pixelexel I don't trust any company with my data other than Google. Kanoosh i don't even really trust google , but they are the least worst imo so i i go with them. :) HSidhu Google won't give your data to anyone, your Data is their power. Kanoosh never assume just because someone tells you something , that it is true.. i still hold plenty of caution with google as should everyone else.. no tin foil hats here, just reality of things... but i do hold them in higher regard for my personal data then any others , just always good to be safe. catalysto It's not just because "someone said so". It's because if Google was ever caught actually selling/releasing user data, they'd be completely screwed. Their entire business model depends on them keeping your data private. Sophia <-Everyone wants to make some extra money by part time jobs. here we are giving you the opportunity to earn extra money from home. Most of the people need a secondary income(part time jobs) to meet their financial needs. Home free jobs does share Four Methods to earn money. If you are interested, then join.!➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS vmxr you shouldn't trust any company at all all companies care about one thing Profit catalysto That is entirely untrue. Many business are not in it for the money. NooSH the only companies that are "not in it for the money" are the ones that go bankrupt and you never hear from them again.. don't ever be so naive to think a companies best interest is the consumer... it NEVER is. Portzblitz I pretty sure he/she's kidding. NooSH that's why i didn't go off with a rant instead just stuck to a more "light" reply haha.. juuuust incase. Summerer The 'keep me logged in' button will be removed and instead you will always stay logged in until you explicitly logout in a browser. Seems kinda insecure or at least intransparent for the average user Devin Rodriguez Honestly it's never been very effective for me anyway. Every few days I found myself having to re-enter my password and sometimes even my 2FA regardless of whether I checked the box or not. Rabia Atta they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Devin Rodriguez What? Indefinite Implosion they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Ryne Hager I agree, I think he was fairly clear on that point. Devin Rodriguez Oh, okay. BC This is interesting and I do like the the fact that the permissions are highlighted more than they were before. This is a good thing indeed! Bikram Agarwal ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe Thank god. I absolutely hate apps that do that for Google / Facebook / Twitter permission request. If the first party app is installed, popup permission request screen on those apps. Don't load a webview asking me to login with email, password, 2FA. I wish FB and Twitter will also do what Google is doing now. Drunk Squirrel Like how titanium backup opens a webview of Google sign in in order to backup to Google drive, as opposed to other apps which show up a single pop-up,, correct Ryne Hager Right? They've got libraries for that, why make me enter my information again on a device I'm already logged in on? Imagine all the time that could have been saved. HSidhu hello @ryne Hager aka new guy :) Ryne Hager Yo! Josh Crumley Welcome to the club! Anish Bhalerao Great, informative article. But is this Android Police or Google Police? Sure, Android is from Google, but an article about Unilever cannot (always) be an article about Dove. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 309 1 Year Ago Today Opinion: As Smartphone Innovation Slows, Google's Nexus Program Is More Important Than Ever 2016/04/08 12:29pm PDTApr 8, 2016 89 2 Years Ago Today Google Calendar 5.2 Brings Back The Month View On Phones [APK Download] 2015/04/08 12:49pm PDTApr 8, 2015 6 3 Years Ago Today Pocket Updated To Version 5.4, Includes New Languages, Immersive Mode, And More 2014/04/08 5:52pm PDTApr 8, 2014 48 4 Years Ago Today The More I Watch This Virgin Mobile Ad Luring T-Mobile Customers Away With $100, The More It Makes Sense And That Scares Me 2013/04/08 8:35pm PDTApr 8, 2013 10 5 Years Ago Today PSA: You Can Now Send CyanogenMod Builds To ROM Manager With One Click Right From The Web 2012/04/08 8:05pm PDTApr 8, 2012 2 6 Years Ago Today Samsung DROID Charge Launching April 14 At Sears, Incredible 2 To Follow On April 21 2011/04/08 5:23pm PDTApr 8, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Google Turns On Universal Suggest In Mobile Search 2010/04/08 9:34pm PDTApr 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 97 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 121 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 24 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 68 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.658s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 08, 2:40 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Fact Check Helps Identify Fake News, Now Available In Search By Denisse Moreno On 04/07/17 AT 12:04 PM Close In an effort to curb fake news, Google announced Friday it’s expanding its fact check feature in Google Search worldwide. The fact check tag for Google News was introduced last October in the U.S. and U.K., a few weeks before the presidential election between President Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Read: Hate Speech, Fake News On Facebook And Twitter: Germany Proposes Bill That Would Fine Social Networks The feature identifies articles that include information fact checked by news publishers and fact-checking organizations, such as PolitiFact and Snopes, not by Google itself. The company is now taking its fact check tag worldwide in all languages and expanding it to Search. When users search on Google they’ll be able to see the tag with the search engine’s existing labels like opinion, local source and highly cited. Users will see a snippet with information on the claim, who made the claim and the fact of that specific claim. Google expands its fact check tag to Search and launches it worldwide. Photo: Google However, don’t expect all new stories to be fact-checked, and there may be search result pages where different publishers checked the same claim but ended up with different conclusions. “Even though differing conclusions may be presented, we think it’s still helpful for people to understand the degree of consensus around a particular claim and have clear information on which sources agree,” Google said in a blog post. “As we make fact checks more visible in Search results, we believe people will have an easier time reviewing and assessing these fact checks, and making their own informed opinions.” Read: How To Spot Fake News, Facebook Explains; Launches AI ‘M’ To Messenger To Give Suggestions Publishers who want to be included in the fach check feature will need to use the Schema.org ClaimReview markup on the specific pages where they fact check public statements, or they can use a widget developed by the Duke University Reporters Lab and Jigsaw. Meanwhile, Facebook launched an educational tool in order to help users spot false news. “False news and hoaxes are harmful to our community and make the world less informed,” the company said in a post. “All of us have a responsibility to curb the spread of false news.” Google and Facebook’s steps to curb fake news come after Germany moved forward with a proposed legislation in which social media companies would face a fine of $53 million if they failed to quickly take down false news and hate speech content. Related Stories New Google Home Could Come With Mesh WiFi Bing Now Has A Chatbot To Respond To Queries Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business Market Reacts To Airstrikes On Syria The international community may have been alarmed at Trump's deployment of Tomahawk missiles on a Syrian military base, but defense company stock traders were likely pleased. Technology Did Not Steal Google’s Self-Driving Technology, Says Uber Uber fired back Friday with a laundry list of reasons why the judge should deny Waymo’s request for an injunction. World Trump Curbs Climate Change Efforts The president has said climate change is a "hoax," despite a scientific consensus otherwise. National Neil Gorsuch Confirmed After Republicans Deploy 'Nuclear Option' Neil Gorsuch's nomination was confirmed after the Republicans voted to trigger the "nuclear option," which changed the rules of the Senate. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Routers & Networking Software Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Internet News / Google takes on "fake news" by adding fact check feature to search results Google takes on "fake news" by adding fact check feature to search results by Joe Roberts 14 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Google is continuing its assault on "fake news" by expanding its fact check feature to global search results, in a bid to highlight more trustworthy sources of information. The company will give more prominence to "authoritative sources" in results, along with a summary of fact-checked claims. It follows similar action from Facebook, which announced this week it would be introducing a new News Feed tool that contains guidance on how to uncover false stories. Related: Best smartphone Google, which added the fact check feature to its news results service last year, says it will now be using the same algorithm to fact-check regular search results. The company also says there will be a summary of the fact-checked statements with indicators to show whether they have been judged true or false. When first introduced for news results last October, the “Fact Check” tag on news stories helped identify articles that "include information fact checked by news publishers and fact-checking organizations." In other words, Google wasn't doing the fact checking itself, relying instead on other sites and resources to fact check the information and displaying the outcome within news story results. Now, as the company explains in a blog post, the feature is available in regular search results, and news story results in more countries. As the post explains: "This information won’t be available for every search result, and there may be search result pages where different publishers checked the same claim and reached different conclusions. These fact checks are not Google’s and are presented so people can make more informed judgements." Facebook's new tool, created in partnership with non-profit group First Draft and announced this week, gives users access to tips on how to spot fake news, like checking the URL of a website, investigating the source, and looking for other reports on the same topic. Let us know what you think of Google's latest tactic in the battle against "fake news" in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Gadget Hacks Android Hacks WonderHowTo Gadget Hacks Next Reality Invisiverse Driverless Null Byte Android Basics Glossary of Terms Galaxy S8 Info HTC 11 Rumors Everything Pixel Rooting Guide Gaming Roundups Forum Stay Secure How-Tos News How To: Install Magisk on Your Android Device By Kevin M. Thu 6:18 PM Popular Gadget Hacks How to Install Magisk on Your Android Device When Google added new security measures to Android Marshmallow, it had a lasting impact on the entire process of rooting. These measures prevent the the Superuser daemon (the process that handles requests for root access) from getting the permissions it needs to do its job at boot. In order to get around these issues, Chainfire created the systemless root method. Following Chainfire's lead, other developers began moving their mods and tweaks away from Android's system partition. Developer topjohnwu was at the forefront of this trend when he made a systemless port of the Xposed Framework, but this project eventually evolved into what's now known as Magisk, a "magic mask" to alter system files without actually changing anything on the system partition. Not only does Magisk's systemless nature make mods easier to revert, but development of Magisk modules is extremely active now, making it the spiritual successor to Xposed. Let's take a look at the Magisk installation process below. Don't Miss: The 5 Best Phones for Rooting & Modding Prerequisites rooted Android device Step 1: Download Magisk Manager Magisk is managed by Magisk Manager, similar to how SuperSU updates your root binaries and how the Xposed Installer helps you add modules for the Xposed Framework. Magisk Manager does the installing and updating of Magisk's underlying framework, and it provides a list of popular Magisk modules (such as systemless ViPER4Android and AdAway) which have been added to the Magisk repository. So to begin, install Magisk Manager from the Google Play Store. You can either search for it on the Play Store, or open the link below on your phone. Install Magisk Manager for free from the Google Play Store Step 2: Launch Magisk Manager & Grant Permissions Once you've installed Magisk Manager, open it up and grant all of the permissions it requests. Superuser and storage permissions are required to correctly place the Magisk files in the appropriate directories and folders. After Magisk has all of the needed permissions, it'll automatically check to see if you have Magisk installed already. If not, it'll offer to take you to the download page. We're here for Magisk and the dozens of mods it brings to the table, so be sure to tap on the "Go to 'Install' Section" option. Step 3: Install Magisk & Reboot The process of installing Magisk is pretty straightforward. First, tap on "Download & Install," then confirm your choice by hitting "Install" on the popup. Finally, tap "Reboot" to reboot and activate Magisk once installation has finished. When you get back up, you'll be all set and ready to try out some Magisk modules, which can be downloaded from the Modules section in Magisk Manager. Overall, installing Magisk opens up your phone to dozens of new apps and mods, and we'll definitely keep an eye out for all the ones that stand out from the crowd, so stay tuned right here. If you come across an awesome module, be sure to share it with us in the comment section below. Follow Gadget Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and YouTube Follow Android Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest Follow WonderHowTo on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Google+ Cover image and screenshots by Kevin M./Gadget Hacks Related Hack Like a Pro: How to Hack Smartphones (Creating a Smartphone Pentesting Lab) How To: New to Android? Here's How to Get Started & Get the Most Out of Your Device How To: Install the Xposed Framework on Android Lollipop Devices How To: Back Up Your Android Apps (& Their Data) Without Root How To: Install ADB & Fastboot in Mac OS X to Send Commands to Your HTC One How To: Get Android M's New App Drawer on Any Device Right Now News: 23 Important Apps That Work Great on Both Android & iOS How To: This Game Turns a Second Android Device into a Tennis Racket, Wiimote-Style How To: Change Your Android TV's Screensaver Android Basics: A Series of Tutorials for Beginners How To: Install Flash on a Samsung Galaxy Note, Nexus 7, and Other Android 4.1 Jelly Bean Devices How To: Get Android Nougat Features on Your Phone Right Now How To: Speed Test Your Chromecast or Android TV How To: Get All the New iPhone & Marshmallow Emojis on Almost Any Android Device How To: 1-Click Root Many Android Devices with Kingo Android Root How To: Build and Install Kali Nethunter (The New Version) On a Supported Android Device Running Android 6.0.1 How To: Get the Android L Lock Screen on Your Galaxy S4 or Other Android Device News: Chrysaor Malware Found on Android Devices—Here's What You Should Know & How to Protect Yourself News: The 5 Most Useful File-Sharing Apps for Android How To: Install the Xposed Framework on Android 6.0 Marshmallow Devices How To: Get All of Apple's New Emojis on Android How To: Mirror & Control Your Android's Screen on Your Windows PC How To: Make Any Android Device Easier to Use with One Hand How To: Get Apple's Moving Screen Savers on Android TV How To: Customize Your Android's “Share via” & “Open with” List for Less App Clutter How To: The Easiest Way to Get Android N on Your Nexus Before Anyone Else How To: Get Dolby Atmos Surround Sound on Any Android Android Basics: What Is Root? How To: Get iPhone Emojis on Your HTC or Samsung Device (No Root Needed) How To: See Passwords for Wi-Fi Networks You've Connected Your Android Device To How To: Get Android Nougat's New Navigation Keys Right Now How To: Bypass Restrictions to Install Hearthstone on Any Android Device How To: Send Links from Your Android to Any Computer Android Basics: How to Install BusyBox Commands How To: Root a Nexus Device Running Android 6.0 Marshmallow How To: Update Your Nexus Without Losing Root (No Computer Needed) How To: Install the Xposed Framework on Your Rooted LG G3 for 100s of Fast & Easy Mods How To: Get the Pixel's Frosted Dock Background on Marshmallow How To: Mirror Your Android Notifications Over to Your Nexus Player The Big Android Dictionary: A Glossary of Terms You Should Know Be the First to Comment Share Your Thoughts You Login to Comment Click to share your thoughts Hot Latest How to Root Android: Our Always-Updated Rooting Guide for Any Phone or Tablet How To: Root Your OnePlus 3 or 3T & Install TWRP Recovery News: Google Names BlackBerry PRIV as One of the Most Secure Android Phones How To: Get the Galaxy S8's Brand New Launcher on Your S7 or S7 Edge—No Root Needed How To: Use YouTube TV Right Now—Even if You're Not in an Official Launch City How To: Bypass Restrictions to Install 'The Elder Scrolls: Legends' on Any Android Device How To: See Passwords for Wi-Fi Networks You've Connected Your Android Device To How To: 7 Ways to Bypass Android's Secured Lock Screen How To: Block Ads in All Your Android Apps Without Root or Extra Battery Drain News: Google Introduces AI for Its Android Services That Learns from You Without Compromising Privacy Android Basics: How to See What Kind of Processor You Have (ARM, ARM64, or x86) How To: Block Ads in Android's YouTube App Without Using Xposed How To: Get Spotify Premium Features on Android Without Paying a Dime How To: Fully Control Your Android Device from Any Computer How To: Convert a Micro SIM Card to Fit the Nano Slot on Your HTC One M8 How To: Get YouTube Red for Free News: Chrysaor Malware Found on Android Devices—Here's What You Should Know & How to Protect Yourself How To: Add the Galaxy S8's New Bixby Feed to Your S7 or S7 Edge's Home Screen How To: Get Pinterest's New Home Screen Shortcuts on Your Android Phone All Features How To: Root Your OnePlus 3 or 3T & Install TWRP Recovery News: Google Names BlackBerry PRIV as One of the Most Secure Android Phones How To: Get the Galaxy S8's Brand New Launcher on Your S7 or S7 Edge—No Root Needed How To: Use YouTube TV Right Now—Even if You're Not in an Official Launch City How To: Bypass Restrictions to Install 'The Elder Scrolls: Legends' on Any Android Device How To: See Passwords for Wi-Fi Networks You've Connected Your Android Device To How To: 7 Ways to Bypass Android's Secured Lock Screen How To: Block Ads in All Your Android Apps Without Root or Extra Battery Drain News: Google Introduces AI for Its Android Services That Learns from You Without Compromising Privacy Android Basics: How to See What Kind of Processor You Have (ARM, ARM64, or x86) How To: Block Ads in Android's YouTube App Without Using Xposed How To: Get Spotify Premium Features on Android Without Paying a Dime How To: Fully Control Your Android Device from Any Computer How To: Convert a Micro SIM Card to Fit the Nano Slot on Your HTC One M8 How To: Get YouTube Red for Free News: Chrysaor Malware Found on Android Devices—Here's What You Should Know & How to Protect Yourself How To: Add the Galaxy S8's New Bixby Feed to Your S7 or S7 Edge's Home Screen How To: Get Pinterest's New Home Screen Shortcuts on Your Android Phone How To: Get Rid of Google Assistant on Your Android Device & Switch Back to Google Now All Hot Posts © 2017 WonderHowTo, Inc Sections Android Hacks How-Tos Games Android Basics HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO 4G Everything Else News Android Hacks News Roundups IFA 2014 News Everything Else Forum Android Hacks Forum Android Hacks Sites Android Hacks Home HTC One Nexus Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S6 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Amazon Fire LG G3 OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 Gadget Hacks Sites Gadget Hacks Home Android Hacks HTC One Nexus Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S6 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Amazon Fire LG G3 OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 iOS Gadget Hacks Smartphones Hacks, Mods & Circuitry Digiwonk Internet Windows Tips Mac Tips Cord Cutters Tablets Tech Pr0n Featured Sites WonderHowTo Home Gadget Hacks Food Hacks Daily Next Reality Invisiverse Driverless Null Byte The Secret Yumiverse MacGyverisms Lock Picking Mad Science Mind Hacks Gadget Hacks Sites Gadget Hacks Home Android Hacks HTC One Nexus Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S6 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Amazon Fire LG G3 OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 iOS Gadget Hacks Smartphones Hacks, Mods & Circuitry Digiwonk Internet Windows Tips Mac Tips Cord Cutters Tablets Tech Pr0n Next Reality Sites Next Reality Home Augmented Reality News Mobile AR News Mixed Reality News HoloLens Meta 2 Magic Leap Google Glass Virtual Reality News Mobile VR News Oculus Rift HTC Vive Invisiverse Sites Invisiverse Home Driverless Sites Driverless Home Login or signup Settings My Writing Messages Notifications Navigation Loading...
Photos Videos Topics Live SL 131/10 (18) - BAN 176/9 (20) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kishori Amonkar Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Yogi Adityanath Arvind Kejriwal Home Sci/Tech Google adds 'fact check' to global search results in a bid to fight fake news (File Photo) Shares20 Fri, 7 Apr 2017-09:26pm , PTI The new tag, to be used in all languages for users worldwide, will curb the spread of misinformation and fake news. Google is adding a fact-checking tag to search results globally, its latest initiative to help curb the spread of misinformation and "fake news," the company said on Friday. The new tags, to be used in all languages for users worldwide, will use third-party fact-checkers to indicate whether news items are true, false or somewhere in-between. "For the first time, when you conduct a search on Google that returns an authoritative result containing fact checks for one or more public claims, you will see that information clearly on the search results page," Google said in a blog post. "The snippet will display information on the claim, who made the claim, and the fact check of that particular claim." The information won't be available for every search result, and there may be conflicting conclusions in some cases, Google said in the blog post, from researcher Cong Yu and Justin Kosslyn of Google's sister company Jigsaw. "These fact checks are not Google's and are presented so people can make more informed judgments. Even though differing conclusions may be presented, we think it's still helpful for people to understand the degree of consensus around a particular claim and have clear information on which sources agree." Google has worked with 115 fact-checking groups worldwide for the initiative, which began last year. The move came a day after Facebook added a new tool in news feeds to help users determine whether shared stories are real or bogus. Fake news became a serious issue in last year's US election campaign, when clearly fraudulent stories circulated on social media, potentially swaying some voters. Concerns have been raised since then about hoaxes and misinformation affecting elections in Europe this year, with investigations showing how "click farms" generate revenue from online advertising using made-up news stories. The moves by both firms aim to change the way news is ranked, diminishing the importance of how often a particular story is shared or clicked on. TOP TOP < PM Modi takes initiative, Mahatma's Champaran Satyagraha to be reinterpreted as Swachhagraha   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech New close up pictures of Jupiter by Hubble Space Telescope reveals a wealth of features Sci/Tech Food odors are more enticing to sleep-deprived brains Sci/Tech Samsung introduces Galaxy C7 Pro in India at Rs 27,990 Sci/Tech Chile desert combed for clues to life on Mars Sci/Tech Facebook Messenger gets an AI-based assistant, 'M' Sci/Tech Reliance Jio 'Summer Surprise' offer cancelled by Trai: Here’s the main reason! < Previous ArticleNext Article > PM Modi takes initiative, Mahatma's Champaran Satyagraha to be reinterpreted as Swachhagraha Live Cricket Score Live SL 131/10 (18) BAN beat SL by 45 runs BAN 176/9 (20) Full Scorecard | Commentary Kings XI Punjab vs Rising Pune Supergiant Sat, 8 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Related Adidas to mass-produce 3D-printed shoe with Silicon Valley start-up Facebook has finally launched a tool to help users spot false news Spending on PCs, mobile phones to hit $600 billion this year: Gartner report Video Watch: Adorable teen recreates 'La La Land' song sequence, asks Emma Stone to prom WATCH: Academy award-winning singer John Legend croons Gordon Ramsay's brutal insults Watch: Rakhi Sawant apologises after arrest warrant issued for her statement about Valmiki View all Tags United States Google Washington Europe Facebook Technology Fake News SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Swedish police suspect arrested man was driver in truck attack Is North Korea putting nuclear-tipped bargaining chip on table UK's May heads for electoral test over Brexit and her leadership Russia says too early to accuse Syrian government over gas attack - RIA Russia says too early to accuse Syrian government over gas attack - RIA Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Shyam Kumar claims gold after walkover in Thailand Int'l Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Entertainment Sick of the IPL taking over your TV? Here’s what you can binge-watch instead! Show review: '13 Reasons Why' - Poignant, profound and prurient story Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher to be named a Disney Legend Awards are encouragement but can't dictate films we make:Chopra Bijou Phillips recovering after successful kidney transplant Money In New York Comex trade, gold for June contract rose Sensex fails to maintain 30K level on fag-end selling pressure Looking back at the market action in this week, the Among the major indices, S&P BSE Realty rose by 5.28 H-1B Visa: US federal agency says application limit of 65,000 reached Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Windows IT Pro Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS IT/Dev Connections Forums Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows Server 2016 Windows Server 2012 Windows Server 2008 Windows Server 2003 Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Exchange Server Exchange Server 2013 Exchange Server 2010 Exchange Server 2007 Exchange Server 2003 Outlook Unified Communications/Lync SharePoint Virtualization Cloud Systems Management System Center PowerShell & Scripting Active Directory & Group Policy Mobile Networking Storage Training Online Training IT/Dev Connections Webcasts VIP Library Digital Magazine Archives InfoCenters IT Innovators Mobile Computing Business Now Desktop VDI All About Converged Architecture Advertisement Home > Business Intelligence > Google Shares New Details About its TPU Machine-Learning Chips Google Shares New Details About its TPU Machine-Learning Chips Apr 7, 2017 Todd R. Weiss EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The Tensor Processing Unit chips, which were announced in May 2016, run 15 to 30 times faster than contemporary CPUs and GPUs, says Google. Related Media Google Seeks to Refocus on the Cloud with a Machine Learning Platform Using Azure Machine Learning for Predictive Maintenance - December 8th Azure Machine Learning for the Enterprise Advertisement Since 2015, Google has been using its own internally-developed Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) chips to run machine-learning applications inside its data centers at speeds 15 to 30 times faster than traditional CPUs and GPUs.  Though the company unveiled the existence of the TPU chips back in May of 2016, it only now is revealing more of the technological details of the chips, which were developed by Google to continue and advance the compute-intensive machine learning processes it has been using in its products for more than 15 years. "The need for TPUs really emerged about six years ago, when we started using computationally expensive deep learning models in more and more places throughout our products," Norm Jouppi, a Distinguished Hardware Engineer at Google, wrote in an April 5 post on the Google Cloud Platform Blog. "The computational expense of using these models had us worried. If we considered a scenario where people use Google voice search for just three minutes a day and we ran deep neural nets for our speech recognition system on the processing units we were using, we would have had to double the number of Google data centers." That need led to the creation of TPU chips to help increase compute power without requiring an expansion of data centers, wrote Jouppi.   And speed is what the TPU chips bring to the process, he wrote, with performance 15 to 30 times above the compute power of typical CPUs and GPUs on production artificial intelligence workloads, along with vastly increased energy efficiency. The TPU chips offer 30 to 80 times higher energy efficiency compared with standard chips using the TOPS/Watt measure (tera-operations [trillion or 1012 operations] of computation per Watt of energy consumed), according to Jouppi.  "TPUs allow us to make predictions very quickly, and enable products that respond in fractions of a second," he wrote. "TPUs are behind every search query; they power accurate vision models that underlie products like Google Image Search, Google Photos and the Google Cloud Vision API; they underpin the groundbreaking quality improvements that Google Translate rolled out last year; and they were instrumental in Google DeepMind's victory over Lee Sedol, the first instance of a computer defeating a world champion in the ancient game of Go." Google released its expanded details of its TPU development in a presentation at a National Academy of Engineering meeting at the Computer History Museum in Silicon Valley, where it also released a study about the inner workings of the custom TPU chips, wrote Jouppi. More than 70 authors contributed to the report, which details the intricacies, design and thought processes that went into the development of the chips. "It really does take a village to design, verify, implement and deploy the hardware and software of a system like this," he wrote. A TPU is an application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC) that was built specifically for machine learning. It is designed to use the TensorFlow open source software library, which was originally developed by researchers and engineers working on the Google Brain Team within Google's Machine Intelligence research organization to conduct research on machine learning and deep neural networks, according to Google. TPU chips are tailored to machine learning applications, allowing the chips to be more tolerant of reduced computational precision, which means it requires fewer transistors per operation, according to Google. Due to that inherent efficiency, the chips can squeeze more operations per second into the silicon using more sophisticated and powerful machine learning models to get results more rapidly.  Each TPU chip can be installed in a data center rack on a board that fits into a hard disk drive slot. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles New Processor Design Approach Trims Chips, Boosts Speed New Processor Design Approach Trims Chips, Boosts Speed Amazon to Battle Google With New Cloud Service for AI Software Is Apple about to get BlackBerry'd? 1 The Big Deal about Big Data Hyper-V Master Class Hyper-V Master Class with John Savill Live Online Training: Thursdays, April 27th to May 18th Register by April 20th and Save 20%! John Savill provides 12 hours of detailed instruction covering all the key aspects of a Hyper-V based virtualization environment covering both capabilities in Windows Server 2012 R2 and Windows Server 2016. John will walk attendees through resource allocation and architecture, storage, networking (including Network Virtualization), clustering, migration technologies, replication, private cloud, session virtualization, migration from other technologies, integration with Microsoft Azure, and more. At the end of this class, attendees will be able to architect and manage an enterprise-level Hyper-V environment.   Advertisement Join the Conversation Get answers to questions, share tips, and engage with the IT professional community at myITforum.  Are you a data center professional? Join AFCOM for the best data center insights. Looking to get things done in web development? Hot Scripts offers tens of thousands of scripts you can use. Database administrator? dBforums offers community insight on everything from ASP to Oracle, and get the latest news from Data Center Knowledge. Advertisement Advertisement WindowsITPro.com Windows Exchange Server SharePoint Virtualization Cloud Systems Management Site Features Contact Us Awards Community Sponsors Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search WindowsITPro.com Search: PISCES Related Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro SuperSite for Windows IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 51 LG G3 Tips, Tricks & Hidden Features Josh Smith08/03/2014 Use this list of LG G3 tips and tricks to get all the LG G3 help you need in using your new phone to the full potential. With the LG G3 tips below you’ll learn how to use the G3 without reading a boring manual or spending months poking through the settings. In addition there are a few LG G3 hidden features that LG doesn’t mention in the LG G3 manual, like using an Xbox controller, transferring photos from your DSLR or camera to view on the amazing screen and much more. Forget reading the LG G3 manual, and learn how to use the LG G3 with these tips and tricks that include video guides and demonstrations of how many of the LG G3 features work so that you can understand them. With a variety of hard to set up or confusing LG G3 features you need this guide to be your unofficial LG G3 manual. The 51 LG G3 tips and tricks cover everything we know about the phone and will help you become an expert on what your phone can do. Use these LG G3 tips, tricks and hidden features to replace your LG G3 manual.   For the most part these LG G3 tips and tricks are free, but you will need to spend money on a few of them, to buy a special USB cable, or a case to take full advantage of the LG G3 features. You don’t need to root the LG G3 to use any of these tips and tricks. These should work on all the LG G3 models, but some carriers may limit features or options. We used a Verizon LG G3 to discover and share these tips and tricks. Read: Best LG G3 Cases If you don’t see the LG G3 settings in the location this guide refers to you may need to switch to list view. Go to Settings and tap on the three dots in the upper right. Pick List view. From there you can scroll down through all the settings. Forget the 140 page LG G3 manual and read on to learn about what your LG G3 can do right out of the box. 51 LG G3 Tips, Tricks & Hidden Features Use these LG G3 tips and tricks to unlock the full potential of the G3 and do more with your phone. Our LG G3 hidden features show you special features that LG doesn’t mention in the LG G3 manual or advertise online. These LG G3 hidden features will help you do more with the G3 and get more for your money. LG G3 Easy Mode The LG G3 offers an easy mode that makes the G3 easier to use if it is your first smartphone. This puts a dialer front and center and links to common apps and activities as the home screen so you don’t ever need to look for the basic LG G3 features. This also makes the LG G3 text bigger all through the LG apps and system, so that it is easier to read the device. LG aims this option at older users that may want a simpler layout and easier to read fonts. Go to Settings-> Home Screen -> Select Home -> EasyHome. From here you can go the home screen and swipe to the side to add other shortcuts. Unlock with a Knock Code One of our favorite LG G3 tips is to use the knock code to keep your phone secure and to access the phone when you need to unlock it. instead of swiping or entering a passcode you tap or knock on the screen in a specific pattern to unlock the LG G3. This even works if the screen is off. Just pick up the LG G3 or take it out of your pocket and use your knock code to unlock right to the home screen without touching the power button. Go to Settings -> Lock screen -> Select screen lock -> Knock Code. Enter the Knock Code twice and then enter a backup PIN as well. After this is complete you can easily unlock the phone without turning the screen on first. If you have trouble using the LG G3 Knock Code when the screen is off knock firmly and make sure you are in the right areas of the screen. Take Full Resolution Photos By default the LG G3 camera only takes 10MP photos, but you can quickly change it to take full resolution photos that deliver more detail. This is a great idea if you plan to print your photos or want to show them off on a big screen after you edit and crop them. Open the camera app -> tap on the three dots in the corner then on the Settings cog -> Tap on the W10M and choose 13M instead. You’ll notice the photo no longer covers the full screen, but you are getting a better quality photo overall. This lets you use the full power of the LG G3 camera. You can also switch to UHD video quality if you want a higher resolution video to share online or watch on a new UHD TV. Use the LG G3 One-Handed The LG G3 features a large 5.5-inch display, that may be too big for some users to control with one hand. Although there is not a full screen shift option like on the Galaxy S5, LG does offer a LG G3 one-handed mode that lets users easily use the phone, lock screen and keyboard with one hand. Go to Settings -> One-handed operation -> Check the boxes for the one-hand modes you want to use. You can switch between right or left-hand use as you go. This option is not for everyone, but if you find the LG G3 to big it’s very handy. Better LG G3 Battery Life If you need to get better LG G3 battery life you can turn on Battery Saver. This built-in option limits syncing and other features to help the LG G3 battery last longer. Go to Settings -> Battery -> Batter Saver to turn it on. Tap on the Battery Saver on the left and you can access the various settings it controls. You can also turn it on and set it to automatically turn on at 50% to 10% battery left, or immediately if you need it now. If this is not enough you can also try the Snapdragon BatteryGuru app to get better LG G3 battery life. This free app optimizes usage based on how you use the G3 to help limit apps that you don’t need and make your battery last longer. Fast Access to Google Now If you want to open Google Now on the LG G3 you can swipe up from the home button and launch into the app immediately. If you are on the main LG G3 Home screen you can also say OK Google to start a Google search without first opening Google Now. There is no setup for this, just tap and swipe up on the LG G3 home button to get there. Change the LG G3 Buttons You can change the LG G3 buttons that appear at the bottom of the screen to add new options and to change the background color to fit your mood and theme. Go to Settings -> Display -> Home Touch Buttons -> and add new options. You can add Notifications, QuickMemo, Qslide and Dual Window. Read more on this LG G3 tip. You can also rearrange the icons, adding up to a total of five buttons instead of the normal three on other Android phones. Track Steps with the LG G3 The LG G3 uses a sensor to track your steps so that you don’t need to buy a fitness band or separate app to monitor your activity. You turn this on by swiping to the screen left of the main home screen. After you open the app you can start tracking your steps and exercise that the G3 automatically records as you carry it in your pocket.  Change LG G3 Vibration If the LG G3 vibrates too much or too little for phone calls, text messages or even using the home buttons you can change this for each of these settings individually. Go to Settings -> Sound -> Vibrate Strength -> Adjust the slider to change the vibration intensity for calls, notifications or touch. Take a LG G3 Screenshot If you want to take a screenshot on the LG G3 you can use the power and volume down button on the back of the G3, but there’s an easier way that also lets you annotate your screenshot. Tap on the home button and slide up and to the right to the QuickMemo+ option. This takes a screenshot and opens it up in an app that lets you type a note, draw on the screen and then save or share the result. Use the LG G3 as a Credit Card or Wallet You can install Google Wallet on the LG G3 and use the phone to make payments where NFC purchases are possible. this includes many gas stations, grocery stores, restaurants and even vending machines. You cannot use this at every store, but even in Ohio it is accepted in many places. Download Google Wallet, open the app and sign in. Follow the directions to add your debit or credit cards to the account and set Google Wallet as your default Tap & Pay Solution. If it is not already on you need to turn NFC on by going to Settings -> Share & connect -> NFC -> On. You can also go to Tap & pay settings and choose Google Wallet. LG G3 Camera Shortcut If you need to open the LG G3 camera fast so you don’t miss a perfect photo you can use a LG G3 camera shortcut key. Press and hold the volume down button to open the camera when the screen is off or when the lock screen is showing. You’ll feel a small vibration and then the camera app will open to the last mode you left it in and you can start taking photos. Open QuickMemo Fast If you use the included LG G3 app QuickMemo+ you can open it fast by tapping and holding on the volume up button. After a second the QuickMemo+ app will open so you can start taking a note. This works when the LG G3 is locked and works with the screen off or on the lock screen. Use the LG G3 as a Remote Control There is an IR blaster on the top of the LG G3 and a remote control app that lets you control your HDTV, cable box and other home theater equipment. Go to Apps -> Quick Remote -> Pick a room -> Tap on + -> Add a remote control. Repeat as needed for other remotes and rooms. The app cycles through codes based on the TV brand. This is an awesome way to make sure you are always in control of the TV. Super Charge the LG G3 Keyboard If you want to type faster and more accurately on the LG G3 you can customize the keyboard to better fit your needs and typing style. This video shows you how to super charge the LG G3 keyboard with a few small changes. In the LG G3 tips video above you’ll learn how to do the following; Resize the LG G3 keyboard Customize the keyboard buttons for pen or voice input Change the color of the LG G3 keyboard Turn on one-handed operation Split the LG G3 keyboard Get more auto corrections That’s all you need to type faster and more accurately on the LG G3 without installing a third-party keyboard. Use LG G3 Voice Assistant The LG G3 personal assistant Voice Mate is LG’s Siri or Google Now tool that lets users control the phone with their Voice. Tap and hold on the home button and then swipe up to the left to access Voice Mate. You can ask Voice Mate to make calls, check your calendar, look up contacts, search nearby, search the web or answer facts and much more. Tap on the I on the screen to see what all Voice mate can do. It’s not as easy to access as Siri on the iPhone, but it is a handy personal assistant. Clean Up Apps & Storage After you use the LG G3 for a few months you’ll end up with downloaded files you don’t need and apps you haven’t use for a month. The LG G3 includes a Smart Cleaning feature to clear these out and recover your space. Go to Settings -> Smart Cleaning -> Wait for the scan to complete -> tap on an item and then clean it out if you don’t want it. This is much nicer than looking for temporary downloads an unused apps when you run out of space. Answer a Call with Volume Buttons If you prefer to answer a phone call by touch, you can use the physical buttons on the back of the LG G3. Just reach behind and press the volume buttons at the same time to answer a call. To turn this on you need to turn the LG G3 off -> turn it on by holding the volume up, volume down and power buttons at the same time for six seconds. Then choose Mode ON. Reject a Call with the Power Button If you don’t want to talk to someone you can press the power button to reject the call. This will end the call and send the caller to voicemail. You need to go to Settings -> Phone -> Power Key end Call -> On to make this work. Add Storage to the LG G3 If you need more storage on the LG G3 you can add a MicroSD card inside the LG G3 to add a lot more room for photos and movies. You need to buy a MicroSD card, like one of these on Amazon. You can typically buy a 32GB card for under $20, doubling the LG G3 storage. When it arrives, remove the back of the phone, stick it in the open area above the battery opening and turn the phone back on to start using it. Use a Xbox Controller with the LG G3 If you want to play games on the LG G3 and really use that beautiful display you can connect an Xbox 360 controller to it to play games. You’ll need a wired Xbox 360 controller, a USB OTG cable and some of the many Android games that support controllers. Juts plug the USB OTG cable into the Micro USB port, plug the Xbox controller into the other end and you can start gaming without any other apps or hacks needed. Connect a USB Drive to the LG G3 If you need more storage and want to quickly grab something from a computer you can use the same $2 USB OTG cable to connect a USB thumb drive to your LG G3. Plug the cable in, connect any thumb drive and then go to the File Manager or download ES File Explorer, and you can now view files on the drive or copy and past to or from the USB drive. Connect a SD Card to the LG G3 from Your Camera If you want to connect a full size SD card to the LG G3 to show off your DLSR photos on a beautiful display or instantly share them on Facebook, you can use the same USB OTG cable and a USB to SD card adapter to make this work. Connect the USB OTG cable to the LG G3, the SD card adapter to that and then plug-in your SD card and check out your photos and videos on the amazing LG G3 display. Turn off the LG G3 LED If you don’t like the notification LED distracting you during the day or lighting up your bedroom at night you can turn it off in the settings. Go to Settings -> Disply -> Notification light -> Off. If you just want to limit why it is on you can tap on the left part of this option to see more settings and turn it off for certain events like calls, battery charging and more. Use Two Apps at Once on the LG G3 Just like the Galaxy S5, the LG G3 offers a multi-window mode that lets users run two apps on-screen at the same time. Dual Window mode on the LG G3 is easy to use, once you know where to look. the video above shows you how to use two apps at the same time on the LG G3. This guide offers more details on how to pick the apps and what you can do with the LG G3 multi-Window Mode. Customize LG G3 App Icons and Size You can change the LG G3 app icons to match a theme you are using or even your own photos. You can also make the icons bigger on the screen. Tap and hold on an icon until it is ready to move, then tap on the small paintbrush that shows up. You can then pick a new icon from the default ones or tap on the + new option to pick the size you want and then one of your photos to use as an icon. This is a cool way to customize the LG G3 home screen. LG G3 Home Screen Gestures When you are on the LG G3 home screen you can use gestures to see your entire home screen without apps, to see your pages and quickly navigate between them. To see the home screen without apps in the way, swipe out. The only thing this really does is let you look at your background photo without any clutter. This is handy if you keep a family photo as your wallpaper or something similar. If you swipe together you go back to the apps showing and again to see all of your pages to jump to another page of apps quickly. This is handier if you have a lot of home screens. Use & Customize LG G3 Quick Settings You can access many of the most important LG G3 settings in the notification window under the quick settings area. This is a single row of icons that users can scroll right to left on for access to more quick settings. You can scroll all the way to the right to customize this list. Uncheck the items you don’t use and re-order the LG G3 quick settings so the ones you need most are available as soon as you pull Notification Window down. Use the LG G3 as a Personal Hotspot If you need to connect your laptop, tablet or portable game system to the internet you can turn the LG G3 into a hotspot and connect other devices. You can use the mobile hotspot quick-setting or go to Settings -> More -> Mobile Hotspot -> Set Up. From here you can set the name and password for your hotspot. make sure you use a password or someone will likely use all your data. You can then turn it on from the previous screen, allowing other devices to see it. When you find the device connect from your tablet or laptop to0 get internet access just like you would any other WiFi spot. You’ll need a hotspot plan, so you may need to contact your carrier to add one. Type With Your Voice on the LG G3 If you want to type with your voice instead of using the LG G3 keyboard tips above, you can tap on the small microphone icon on the keyboard to use Google’s speech to text option. After you tap, just start talking and your speech will turn into text. You can say period or comma to add punctuation. You will likely need to go back and fix some issues on longer items, but this is more then good enough for texts and short emails. Use LG G3 Emoji Keyboard If you want to send emoji on the LG G3 you can use the built-in keyboard to use these colorful icons that do more than just a regular smilies. When the keyboard is up, tap the :)1# icon in the bottom left. Then tap the smile icon to access the LG G3 emoji keyboard. You can now pick the category you want to use and send them to friends. Do Not Disturb on LG G3 If you want to keep the LG G3 quiet while you are in a meeting or sleeping you can use LG’s version of Do Not Disturb. LG calls this Quiet mode. Go to Settings -> Sound -> Quiet mode -> On. You can also tap on the left side of this for options that let you customize what you are blocking, what time it is on, what sounds to allow and other options to block including the notification light. Keep Screen Awake When You’re Looking When you are looking at the LG G3 there is a Smart screen option to let you keep the display on as long as it can tell you are looking at it. This is handy for passing the phone to someone who wants to read something you found or who spends a long time looking at one photo. Go to Settings -> Display -> Smart screen -> on. When you are looking at the display directly it will now stay on. LG G3 Camera Tips & Tricks The LG G3 camera is very capable, but you need to change some settings right out of the box to get better looking photos and you’ll want to explore the options so you know how to use the LG G3 camera better. The LG G3 camera tips video below outlines some of our favorite LG G3 camera features. The video covers the following LG G3 camera tips and tricks; Change to 13MP Photos for higher quality Change to UHD for higher quality video Take a Photo with your Voice Panoramic Photo Selective Focus to change the focus after you take a picture for dramatic effect Dual Camera Mode Take Photos while shooting video Laser Focus and more. Check out these LG G3 camera options and learn how they all work before you go outside and need to use them to capture a Qslide to Multitask on the LG G3 If you don’t want to use two apps at the same time, sharing the screen you can float another app on top of any app you are using for fast access to information. This is called Qslide. The easiest way to use it is to pull down the notification drawer and tap on Qslide. This opens a menu that allows users to open the Video, Phone, Messaging, Calendar and Email apps and show them on top of another item. This is handy if you want to check your calendar while also looking at an event list or other items where you just need a quick comparison or access to something like the phone. Find a Lost LG G3 If you tend to leave your LG G3 behind after grabbing coffee, lose it in the couch too often or are just worried that someone might steal your LG G3 you need to make sure Android Device Manager is up and running. When I logged in to the Verizon LG G3 this feature was already on by default so I didn’t need to actually turn it on, but you should go online to make sure you can locate your LG G3 before you lose it. Go to Android Device Manager and log in with your Gmail account. Make sure you can see the LG G3 and try ringing it. If it rings you are good to go. You can now ring at full volume to find a lost LG G3 even if it is on silent, lock the device, erase it and locate it on a map. Announce Callers and texts By Name Many old flip phones could read the caller name and information out to you when it rang, and that is something the LG G3 can do as well. You can even set it up to read out text message recipients and the full text message if you don’t care who hears. To do this, go to Settings -> Sound ->Message/call voice notification -> turn it on. You can then tap on the left part of the option to choose what is read out. When you get a call the ringtone will play and then it will announce the caller name from your contacts. Change the Screen Off Animation If you don’t like the old-fashioned TV turning off animation that the LG G3 plays when you turn the screen off you can change it to two other options. Go to Settings -> Display -> Screen-off effect -> Pick a new one. You can hit preview to see the Black hole and Fade out animations before picking one. Change the Font and Size of Text If you need the LG G3 text to be bigger or you want a different font throughout the phone you can pick from five additional fonts and five other text sizes. Go to Settings -> Display -> Font type or Font Size -> Pick different options. Many of the Font styles are odd-looking on a phone, but if you want to add some character to your LG G3 here’s one way to do it. You can also push the text size way up if you have a tough time reading on a small screen. Customize the LG G3 Home Screen Customize the LG G3 home screen to suite your preferences and make the LG G3 easier for you to use. In addition to changing the wallpaper in the Settings -> Home Screen menu you can do much more. Screen Swipe Effect – change the animation when you switch screens. Allow Home screen looping – you can keep swiping to loop around to the other end of your home screens. Allow apps list looping – Loop through the apps list when you hit the end. Change these to fit your preference and enjoy a customized LG G3 home screen. Show Widgets on the LG G3 Lock Screen the LG G3 lock screen can show widgets with your calendar, messages and more if you want faster access to that information. These are like the widgets on your home screen, but there are not as many. Go to Settings -> Lock screen -> Widgets on lock screen -> On. Next go to your lock screen and swipe to see the left screen. You need to do this at the top of the display area, above the knock code area. Then tap on Add Widgets to start adding them to your LG G3 lock screen. Use Gestures on the LG G3 The LG G3 supports gestures to control a variety of activities. Here is how to run on Gesture Control on the LG G3 and a short list of what you can control. Go to Settings -> Gestures -> Check boxes of the motions you want to use. Answer a call Fade a ringtone Silence a call Snooze or stop alarm Pause Video You can flip the phone or pick it up to use these LG G3 gestures. If they don’t work at first, you may need to calibrate the motion sensor at the bottom of this section. LG G3 Guest Mode When you need to hand the LG G3 off to a colleague or to a kid you can turn Guest Mode on to limit access to certain apps and services. Go to Setting s-> Guest Mode -> On. You can also choose four apps they can use, a wallpaper and an alternate lock screen for the guest. Calls and alarms will still sound when in guest Mode, but some apps may not function correctly so keep that in mind before relying on it. LG G3 PC Suite You can download the free LG G3 PC Suite to backup and restore a LG G3 and much more. You’ll need to visit LG to download the LG G3 PC Suite. Once downloaded you can connect with a USB cable to perform the following activities. Manage and play your media contents (music, movie, pictures) on your PC. Send multimedia contents to your device. Synchronizes data (schedules, contacts, bookmarks) in your device and PC. Backup the applications in your device. Update the software in your device. Backup and restore the device. Play multimedia contents of your PC from other device LG only shows a Windows download right now, but the LG G3 manual talks about a Mac version that should be available on the US LG website. Turn on LG G3 Developer Mode If you want access to all of the LG G3 including the LG G3 hidden menus for developers you’ll need to enable developer mode. You don’t need to root the device to do this, but if you do plan to root or install other items you’ll want this on. Go to Settings -> About Phone -> Software information -> Tap on Build-number seven times to enable developer mode on the LG G3. Here’s more about the LG G3 developer options. 30 Responses 09/05/2014 Evu Eva Reply Why can’t we get nfl network without a cable provider? Here you Watch NFL video coverage on my devices for monthly subscription is a killer price for the awesome services. NFL Now app launches on Apple TV, iPhone & iPad with personalized video https://sportslivefeed.blogspot.com/2014/07/nfl-regular-season-2014-watch-nfl.html 09/24/2014 Hein Htet Tun Oo Reply I already knew all of that features.But I don’t know how to test phone’s sensor just by pressing the keywords/numbers in dial pad.Samsung can do that.My friend’s s5 automatically shows the page where the sensors can be tested when he presses that numbers.I don’t remember surely.May be *#0#6 or something like that.But I can’t do that for my G3. Can someone tell me that codes to test the phone’s sensor. 07/25/2015 Alan Reply If you were more polite maybe you’d get a few answers 10/12/2014 Brandy Reply I use Verizon service and I want to set a different notification for each text message I get from different contacts. can it be done ? 10/14/2014 Richard Reply Hi there i have recently purchased the LgG3, and i was wondering if i can personalize one text notification to one person or has it got to be the same one for everyone. I know you can have personalized ring tones to one person. 10/20/2014 Ken Reply How can I capture a still shot and save it from a video I took on my LG G3? 07/25/2015 Alan Reply Play the video, pause the video, wait a second and the scroll bar etc will disappear leaving a clear freeze-frame. Then use the camera’s screen capture function by pressing the power and volume down buttons simultaneously for 2 seconds. 11/26/2014 nolan Reply How do I download videos off the internet with LG G3. 12/22/2014 mickey Reply Good day, I hard reset my LG G3 without backing up my data.. And then my camera setting has only up to FHD. What will i do to have a UHD function. 12/29/2014 bj Reply I had a samsung s4. I was able to take pictures of business cards and load directly to my contacts. I can’t seem to do it with my lg g3. Please advise. 12/29/2014 bj Reply When sending pictures to Facebook or craigslist. Get message low memory cannot proceed. How to change. Please advisem. 01/09/2015 SM Reply Since lollipop install swiping up from home only brings up google now no voicemate or quick memo, can you turn it off? 01/12/2015 Sarah Reply I’m having the same issue – have looked online and can’t find a solution :( 01/14/2015 SM Reply Just got word back from LG UK support today, Google dropped the feature and there’s no getting around it. The feature has gone. Shame really cos taking a screenshot with the power sound down button is a faff 01/24/2016 Shirley Reply To save a screenshot: Swipe down, then the quick memo button is on the top left. Press, then it ask where you want to save it to. 04/03/2015 mike Reply There is no demo about using the slow motion feature. I have an LG g3 and the slow motion feature doesn’t work not allow you to edit the video and make it slow motion. 05/01/2015 fgjhv Reply You have to choose 120fps before recording. 04/12/2015 Dan Winick Reply Can i change the default lock screen circle clock to read…12 Apr, instead of Apr 12? 05/23/2015 Richard Reply This phone is crazy cool. I just got it about five days ago and already I don’t know how we as a race have been able to survive efficiently without smartphones! 06/15/2015 William Reply Why is the theme setting removed in lolipop. I have the sprint varint. 07/25/2015 Alan Reply I’d like to say what a great page of hints this is – the best I’ve seen, Thank you Josh Smith 08/18/2015 Samantha Reply How do you text message a good quality video? The times I have done it the video quality is poor and not clear 01/02/2016 Jimmy Reply Mine too. Its HORRIBLE quality! 09/01/2015 Joyce Reply I cant find “wodgets on lock screen” help 01/28/2016 Atdhe Desku Reply how can i see the capacity of battery. for example if it is 3000 mah 04/24/2016 godzboyy Reply How do I clear the notifications off my lockscreen but still have them in the notification center? 05/31/2016 Nicole Stoddard Reply I would like to have certain messages hidden for only me too see. Is that possible? Thank you. 07/16/2016 Jeff Reply Can you record video outdoors at night on this phone? 08/21/2016 Keith Abernathy Reply Yes, you can record video at night. Go into the camera app, and tap the lightnig bolt at the top of te screen (rear facing camera mode only). This will activate flash photo taking, but it will also leave the flash LED lit contiually while shooting video. Make sure your battery is fully charged! Note: there is not indared “nightshot mode” just a LED light. Not nearly as detailed. 04/07/2017 contact number directory Reply Tremendous things here. I’m very happy to see your article. Thanks so much and I am taking a look forward to touch you. Will you please drop me a mail? Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 42 Plus 1 on G+ 67 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares163 Applications Google News Reviews Videos The expansion of services like Netflix and Hulu has led to fewer people subscribing to traditional cable. Still, there are some things you can't get with those streaming services, most notably live TV feeds. That's what Google aims to offer with YouTube TV. Google announced the service a few months ago, and it went live in a handful of cities yesterday. I haven't had a cable subscription in years, so I was anxious to try it out. YouTube TV seems like an excellent start, but there are definitely some pain points. The Basics YouTube TV is currently only available in Chicago, Los Angeles, New York City, Philadelphia, and the San Francisco Bay Area. It will run you $35 per month and includes access to about 40 channels of live streaming TV. That includes local channels like Fox, CBS, and so on. The focus on live local channels is why the rollout is regional—Google has to get the broadcasters on board with YouTube TV in each market. There's a reasonably good selection of channels including all the locals, NatGeo, ESPN, Disney, FX, USA, SyFy, and more. There are no Viacom channels like Comedy Central or MTV, which is not unexpected. Viacom is notoriously protective of its content. There are also limited options for premium content—it's just Showtime ($11 per month) and Fox Soccer Plus ($15 per month?!). No HBO, which is a big boo. YouTube TV is available via the Android (or iOS) app, as well in your desktop web browser. There is not currently a client for Android TV, which strikes me as profoundly odd. There is, however, Chromecast support for getting the stream onto a bigger screen. Although, not everyone is cool with using their phone as a remote control all the time. You can watch live streams of all the included channels, and there's some on-demand content too. If you can't catch something live, you can set up series recordings in YouTube TV. All the content you record is saved online, and you can record as much as you want. How can it be unlimited? The recordings expire after nine months. Still, PlayStation Vue removes things after 28 days, and Sling TV limits you to 50GB of space. Living with YouTube TV I've mostly been using YouTube TV on Android, and the app is nice overall. The interface is clean, with just three tabs in the main interface and heavy use of animated thumbnails. Across the top of the app are tabs for Library, Home, and Live. The Home tab is basically a list of suggestions for things you might want to watch or record—it even shows you what's most popular right now. The "popular" live carousel at the top is the first place you'll see YouTube TV's live thumbnails. The channel previews play (no sound, thankfully) as you scroll through. It's like flipping channels on your TV. Below that are several lists of suggestions, including a few that push sports. Over in the Live tab, it's again like flipping channels. You scroll vertically through the channel list, and each one has a live thumbnail when it's selected. Sound doesn't kick in until you tap on a channel to watch it. I'm impressed with how smooth this interface runs with all the live thumbnails. The streams were noticeably jerky on the LG G6, but everything runs fine on the Mate 9 and Pixel. I'm not sure what's up with the inconsistency there, but it's usually a very snappy app. The streams are 720p for most channels, so they don't look flawless when casting to a TV (some are 1080p). No one I've showed it to thought the video (720p or 1080p) looked bad, though. Video quality is great on the device and good enough when casting to a Shield TV or a second gen Chromecast. I don't have a first gen dongle around to test anymore, but apparently the app warns you of possible performance issues there. Audio playback will continue in the background while you do other things in the app, but it stops when you leave it (the regular YouTube app has background play for Red subscribers). That's probably not a huge deal for TV, but it would still be nice to have. A floating pop-out player would be better, though. Throughout the app you'll see the "plus" button to add a series or movie to your library. Doing so will record any new instances of the content whenever it airs on TV. You can simply add anything that looks interesting to your library because the storage is unlimited. Recordings can be started after a program begins, but it won't actually be available in your library until it's over. Recordings that you've scheduled ahead of time will let you scrub back to the beginning if you want to watch live, which is a great feature to have. And yes, you can skip commercials in recorded content. The Library tab is split up into shows, movies, sports, and events. There's also a section that shows all your scheduled recordings, including those that are in progress. There's some on-demand content available in YouTube TV, which is confusingly merged with your recordings. The app doesn't really differentiate between the two when you are subscribed to a show—you just have a details page with a list of all available episodes. In addition, there are still restrictions on how many on-demand episodes are available from one rights holder to the next. You can end up with a patchwork of available streams. I should also note that some of the on-demand content has ads; mostly movies with pre-roll ads. The desktop interface is slick too.  Account management and value YouTube TV is only in a few markets right now, and that limits what you can do even if you live in one of those places. Let's say you live in Chicago. YouTube TV streams you all your local channels, lets you set recordings, and watch them at any time. If you go on a trip to Orlando where there's no YouTube TV, you can no longer access those local channels live or create new recordings. Content you've recorded is still accessible in the Library tab, and the cable channels are live. Weirder still, there are completely different restrictions if you travel to New York where there is YouTube TV. You can't see your Chicago stations live, but you can see the New York ones. However, you can't create new recordings on the local channels while in New York. The cable channel recordings work normally in this situation. There will be some other bizarre restrictions too; like no football games streamed on the phone. You have to cast them to a TV because Verizon has an exclusive with the NFL on mobile streaming. This whole situation only serves to remind us what a mess TV streaming rights have become. YouTube TV supports up to 6 accounts per subscription. They're tied to Google's family group system. You cannot set these up from the Android app, which is strange. YouTube TV invitations can only be sent from the web. That said, it works just fine once you get people added. Each user has their own settings and library of recordings. However, there's a maximum limit of three active streams per account. The value proposition here will depend on what you want out of TV. If you won't put up with missing a show here and there, YouTube TV probably won't work. The selection is better than other streaming-only services thanks to all the local channels, but you're still missing big ones like Comedy Central, MTV, HGTV, and TNT. For sports fans who have wanted to drop cable, this might finally be what lets you cut the cord. You ought to be able to see most everything with local channels, a few ESPNs, and other sports channels. If you haven't had cable for a while and Netflix is starting to get stale, YouTube TV could be just what you need. It gives you something to stream live, along with faster access to new episodes of your favorite shows. The $35 monthly cost is a bit steep for a single person, but if you've got a few family members who would use it, YouTube TV can be a very good value. I'm undecided if I'll keep YouTube TV past the one-month free trial. I already have Netflix and Hulu, and I don't watch sports. So, the added expense feels a little high. I expect Google will work to expand the channel list quickly, and YouTube TV might be an easy sell after a few additions. Tags Google hands-on Reviews streaming tv video youtube tv subscribe ... Previous Story Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger ... Next Story King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments bozzykid It doesn't seem like a great deal for sports either. Without any regional sports networks there will be a huge gap between cable and this service. Almost all major sports besides the NFL show local teams on regional sports networks. OligarchyAmbulance What networks are those? I don't really watch sports, but I know a lot of stuff around here is on Comcast Sports Net which are supported. Carson Saldanha NBA uses local networks for most regular season games with a few national broadcasts here and there. Taco Monster At least in Chicago, Bulls games are on CSN. Carson Saldanha Where I live, they use Root Sports. Raymie Humbert That's great in the markets except New York where SNY (majority owned by the Mets), YES (Fox Sports-owned) and MSG would all be necessary. Fox Sports would also be a must for expansion into quite a few additional major markets. 4Ui812 Google needs to allow us to choose our own channels. Don't need the sports and we shouldn't have to pay for over the air channels. I know it's still new and maybe somewhere down the line they'll do it but they could atleast have a option for not taking half of these shit channels so they can bring the price down. Jacob Fulbright So if you are one of the people who spoofed your GPS location to check this out, does it stop working once you turn the GPS spoof off and it realizes you're outside one of the regions in which the service is available? RyanWhitwam It only turns off local channel live streams. Jacob Fulbright That's what I'm mostly interested in as I don't get very good reception where I live. Strange that it wouldn't give you a choice of watching what's local to your current location or based on your "home" location. Darrin Lim I'm interested in Google's revenue model for this. Does it look like they are relying on subscriptions only, or are they also placing ads (either pre-roll or replacing network commercials) into the service as well? Or perhaps trying to drive users to standard YouTube vids (where they can do their normal ad placements) in the interface? Jacob Fulbright I was hoping this would have a tie in with major YouTube creators in some way. Good Mythical Morning, etc. Willie Chalmers III I'm sure this will be big media-oriented. YouTube is already for the PewDiePies, Good Mythical Mornings and the rest. cheeto0 The only place I see ads are in on demand. Darrin Lim Thanks @cheeto0:disqus This makes sense - with Live there's limited opportunity for pre-rolls as the user wants into the content as soon as possible so they don't miss anything. But with on-demand there's less time pressure, so they can put a pre-roll or two in. It does answer the question - both subscription and ad rev streams - I'm guessing YouTube could generate quite a lot from pre (and post?)-rolls against on-demand content. Do network ads remain in on-demand? Or are they replaced by YT ads or stripped completely? thespacecowboy Network ads are only on shows you've recorded yourself. Google ads are on the on-demand stuff, Shawn Spring I was hoping for a tie in with YouTube Red users, for maybe a modest monthly discount. No such luck. BhupSinghBhadu Baf Get some rest Carson Saldanha Man, no TNT for NBA basketball sucks dizel123 Man, no TNT! For NBA basketball sucks. Carson Saldanha ?` Shawn Spring I'm hoping this and Nick Jr (for the kiddos) comes sooner rather than later! freshprince_87 I hope they add it soon Lateef Alabi-Oki I think the nailed the user interface. Can't wait for the Google Assistant and Android TV integration. Carson Saldanha Home tab should be on the left :P Ammy <-«¬­}­If you're seeking for genuine internet home based business venture however frustrated from internet frauds in that case this is certainly what you need. I started out working on this work two yrs and getting paid $7000 or over every mnth quite easily. You can also make cash same as me... Take a look at info ➤➤➤­­­­­ ­­­http://goto.cool/7t­­­ Virginiakcoble Google is paying $97 per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !wr198c: On monday I got a great new mclaren f1 from having earned $12778 this last four weeks.. 3 to 5 hours of work a day... Weekly paychecks... Bonus opportunities...Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !wr198c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs198ExpressBlue/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr198u:....... Tucker Sferro $35 is outrageous. You might as well jest get cable. Jacob Fulbright After you add in YouTube Red, Netflix, Hulu (or the ad-free premium Hulu), HBO GO, etc., yeah, cable isn't looking so bad anymore. Lateef Alabi-Oki Cable gives you unlimited DVR? psychoace Also you can't share cable with other people either Naxx ENVY 1) some services don't allow you to share with other people and is considered a breach of contract 2) i get what he's saying, we have to have 5-6 differernt contracts to watch shows when cable covers it all not sure i like how its all going tbh, its going to end up being more expensive to have the same channels. .. just the illusion of choice BhupSinghBhadu Baf Good settings Shawn Spring Have you had a cable sub lately? I pay for a phone, small TV bundle w/DVR, and 100Mbps internet and its over $175/monthly. Even if I just had the internet alone (about $99/month) that and YouTube TV would save me quite a bit of money per year. C64 I thought 45 euro's for cable / internet / house phine was a lot over here 😮 suavemezie With YouTube TV, you will be doubling your data at least. Calculate Shawn Spring Hardwired broadband has no data cap so the amount of data I use is irrelevant - as I would likely be on WiFi when using YouTube TV at home. thespacecowboy Some people have data caps on wired internet. Shawn Spring Is that a real thing? Because I'd burn Spectrum to the ground if they tried to charge me a data cap like a Verizon style wireless plan. Chris Yeah, I want to say Cox had me capped at 100GB for the past 2-3 years. My parents had a similar cap but I just recently switched them to AT&T/DirecTV with unlimited data thespacecowboy oh yes. https://www.engadget.com/2016/09/12/netflix-calls-on-the-fcc-to-fix-unreasonable-data-caps/ Shawn Spring That's janky af Geoff Johnson Be glad you don't have Comcast, they have a 1TB cap. Malachi Jones Damn, here in the UK we have some providers offering £14.99/month internet only deals, super cheap in comparison to $99/month! Geoff Johnson What's the speed at 14.99/mo? thespacecowboy So Cox for basic channels is $80/month. HD receiver is $8.50/month. DVDR is additional $10 a month. So $35 a month? Doesn't seem to bad, but YMMV depending on what channels you really want/need. cheeto0 Plus it's like having 3 DVRs cable boxes.(6 sorta) and mobile access to it. thespacecowboy The mobile access is huge. I think the other suppliers limit what you can watch on mobile, whereas with YouTube it's baked right in to the product offering. cheeto0 I watch on 3 TV's and any mobile device, with unlimited DVR. I don't see that costing the same on cable. JDC Yeah, no. I was paying $140/month for TV (No DVR) and 25/25 internet (after 1 year at $80/month). I cut the cord and now I'm down to $50/month for just internet (100/100). YouTube TV brings me up to $85/month with "DVR" functionality, and that $35 isn't just some "introductory offer." I'm much better off than I was. wickets I'm paying 25$ just for local basic so youtube is a huge upgrade Shawn Medeiros Get a HDTV antenna. You can get those right over the air free in much of the us. thespacecowboy Yeah. We did this about 18 months ago and use a Tivo OTA with lifetime service. Shame there are not more OTA channels. I'm going to attempt cable card but its not easy (the bracket is there but not the full thing which has to be bought separately). Geoff Johnson Do you have any idea how much cable TV actually costs? Tucker Sferro yes - after cutting the cord I receive about 1 letter per week from Fios begging me to come back, with basic packages starting around $29/mo. Brock Dawkins I had sling TV when it was first released and my God it was a nightmare. Only 1 stream per account, terrible app and no dvr. I tried the month free trial of YouTube TV and I love it. The interface is awesome. The DVR works great, and the storage is awesome. Can access dvr from anywhere too. I wish I wasn't locked into a DirecTV contract for two years. Only thing it needs is a few more channels and an Android TV app. Gfame103 No Android TV app at launch was hurtful. I'm really beginning to lose faith in Google. Everything that come out of Google is half baked and then support slowly begins to die. After the fall of Google Wallet card support, the dismantling of Google+, the slow death Hangouts, and lack of Android TV/Live Channels support I can not get to vested with their products. Maybe I will try YouTube TV in a few years.... If it's​ around. R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Rip reader Bruce Wayne Calm down. Android TV will come in due time. It's a new service. It's not even available nationwide yet. Midnitte Hopefully it exists once it launches nationally, but it's really silly they dont yet have an Android *TV* app for their *TV* service. Zachary Dunn Android TV should be a key feature of their TV offering. Not having it at launch is ridiculous. Not to mention, Youtube Gaming has been out for over a year and still doesn't have Android TV support, which is odd since Android TV is a platform built for streaming and gaming. Play Music on Android TV hasn't received any features released in the last year. Everytime Google releases a tv app without Android TV support, ppl say just wait for it, but it never happens or is half assed. KChristainsen you would think this is a no brainier to have an app for ATV. Just ridiculous. YaKillaCJ YouTube Red, Netflix and PSVue is currently the way to go as it covers everything except Viacom. Seems like YouTubeTV can be a replacement wants it mature. I'm dropping Hulu because that's covered by PSVue and HBO because honestly Game Of Thrones the only thing worth it in there Besides Sesame Street for the kids. thespacecowboy "For the kids". I love that show. Now, as for Daniel Tiger on PBS. That kid speaks the truth. Scott Kart Until Comedy Central, TBS, TNT, and SNY/MSG are on here...I'm out. thespacecowboy Don't lie. You're holding out for HGTV :) psychoace At least he has e! Corbin Davenport Tiny House Hunters deserves an Emmy. Taco Monster Sheer genius. thespacecowboy If you like that, check out George Clark's Amazing Spaces. It's on UK Channel 4 but likely available elsewhere. http://www.channel4.com/programmes/george-clarkes-amazing-spaces cheeto0 The interface is great and the discovery is great. But it still feels a little beta in some areas. I can cast to Chromecast and the Nvidia shield but not to my Vizio TV with "chromecast built-in​ '. Also it doesn't like multiwindow in nougat...Plus no android tv app. But most google 1.0 products feel a little beta and then get reiterated upon. Overall I like it alot so far. King_Android I've been able to stream in 1080p. The interface also needs to show what's playing next. Not having the ability to quickly view what's next on a different channel is cumbersome. psychoace Not all channels or content is 1080p which is why the author thinks that Artem Russakovskii You're right, some channels do support 1080p. We'll update the post. John Doe True but not all channels and when comparing it to my TV service the quality is not the same on my 2nd generation chromecast compared to my Dish Network service. Youtube is probably using some lame video compression or the networks are whoever it is it sucks. newtonfb For people bitching about $35....split it with 3 friends and it comes out to $12 a month. Also you can get rid of Hulu because you have unlimited DVR so it acts like Hulu does and records the show you want. tim242 But...ads. Hulu with no ads = $12/mo. newtonfb Ya but you can fast forward past the ads with the DVR feature thespacecowboy Only on things you recorded yourself, not on demand. Geoff Johnson Hulu doesn't have live TV. tim242 We were not talking about live TV. AlRegals The price tag is a little high for a single user, but the experience really does make me want to cancel Hulu. My biggest gripe with Hulu is the unreliability with cable tv shows. But if I can have easy access to my Syfy, USA, CW, Freeform, and Bravo along with not having to sign up for CBS Access to watch Big Bang then I'M IN. Plus Live TV?! I just need Android TV and Google Home support and this will be the perfect set up. Ramon Also note, there is NO 5.1 surround support on YouTube TV. DirkBelig Well that blows. Ramon Very. The only one that came close to this support is DirectTV Now. John Doe Everything is great except the Youtube ads on-demand content and the resolution on most channels (watching on the web is worse than mobile and on tv). If Google can get Viacom and Turner Broadcasting channels, keep the price the same and "encourage" networks to upgrade to 1080P and 4K streams (at least have the on-demand in full HD), support HDR as well. Then the service will be perfect. Also, Where is the gaming console apps and other home entertainment devices? I wish they would have just updated the regular Youtube app. Now I have 4 youtube apps: Youtube Youtube TV Youtube Music Youtube Gaming Youtube kids They can easily tie all of that with the account instead of having 5 different apps Just have a section popup if a user is subscribed to a service. Bruce Wayne 4k and HDR?? Stop. 4k content isn't even produced on most TV channels and you're jumping to HDR. ISPs are already putting caps, charging for overages and charging extra for non bundled internet service. The bandwidth needed for 4k on one stream alone would strain most people's connections. Geoff Johnson Then stream the 1080p version John Doe Hi, have you meet Netflix? Also, there is the choice I am not saying Google should force everyone's stream to the highest resolution (They don't even do that now, there is auto select). FYI, HDR has nothing to do with 4K and it actually does not add much to a the bandwidth requirement (Netflix said it adds 2.5MB/s compared to 12MB/s for 4K) Lars Jeppesen Do the channels even broadcast in 1080p or 4K? Box Most slim bundles and IPTV setups are only available in 720p at this time. YouTube TV is not alone in this. John Doe Most do in 1080i and I only have one 4K channel through Dish Network. TechGuy22 Mediocre start AlRegals Not sure how consist this is, but while watching Big Bang Theory on the desktop there I only got 3 15sec ads between segments. Switched over to my TV via Chromecast and the TV ads increased to 7 15sec ads. Just an observation bobinchicago Are "all local channels" just the 5 commercial networks, or do you also get independent channels, PBS, and subchannels? I've got 30 channels on my OTA Tivo and I've filtered a bunch out. There's 7 PBS channels alone. Also, you mention there's no Android TV app yet which sucks, but since the Nexus Player can act as a Chromecast, can you cast YouTube TV to that in particular? Thanks! PhantomGamers For sure you'll only get the channels that Google has agreements with, I doubt they're just grabbing up every OTA signal and streaming that. thespacecowboy It's going to depend on market. But I have many PBS on my Tivo, but none on my Youtube TV. Any device that has Chromecast should work. Some at the moment don't seem to work though (such as some Vizio TVs). After you pay for your 2nd month (after trial) they will send you a free Chromecast anyway. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I need AMC before I jump ship from PSV ...and it to be in my market NoNotTellingYou AMC is on the way according to Google. Mike Arnett If it recommends channels, will it recommend sports events based on teams you track on Google Assistant? Bruce Wayne That's a very good question. I'm sure Google will eventually learn how to tie in the service based on your search history and all that. hp-fourtwenty no, you have the option to record all games of any team you select, which also adds it as a recommendation when you log in. SpiderDice No YouTube TV for Android TV? Totally makes sense.. ast00 Costs about 5 times as much as it should. Lars Jeppesen No hp-fourtwenty 50 live channels, and this is the first time I've been able to watch a New York Rangers game online without needing a traditional cable package or watching a pirated stream. I'm happy to pay only $35...especially since I already pay $10 for GPMAA/red thespacecowboy Isn't GPMAA on top of the $35? DragoCubed I really like the design of this app. I won't say anything else because I'm not in the US. Bruce Wayne Device support is very key. It needs to support all the major devices and consoles (Xbox One, PS4, Roku, Fire devices, Android TV etc) Expand to five simultaneous streams. Acquire more channels. Lars Jeppesen People still watch MTV? Geoff Johnson Of course... Dirty Dave http://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_youtube-tv2-768x432.jpg Im in the UK so this article is pointless for me, but what keyboard is this though Ryan? Ryan Definitely interesting. Ill hold off until college ball is back on, I only really care about OTA and ESPNs, so they have that advantage. sloheim "For sports fans who have wanted to drop cable, this might finally be what lets you cut the cord" Wrong, wrong, for the love of god, WRONG. No NHL Network, NFL Network, or MLB Network or NBA TV. Anti-sports. Box Does the "three active streams" restriction include on-demand and recordings? Ben Nicholls Not too interested unless the provide more package options, or a la carte packages. Part of the reason I cut the cord was to stop paying for channels I don't watch. I would like to see at minimum a "no sports" package. ESPN is one of the most expensive channels and I don't like paying for it in a package when I don't watch it. An AndroidTV app is also a must. BinaryTB Google's Family Group system? Sounds like it won't support Google Apps for Work for people that actually pay Google already for their own domain. Add it to the list: Google Fi Google Play Music Family Plan Google Play Apps Family Sharing DirkBelig >"There are also limited options for premium content—it's just Showtime ($11 per month) and Fox Soccer Plus ($15 per month?!). No HBO, which is a big boo." And what's preventing anyone from simply subscribing to HBO NOW or bundling Showtime or Starz for $9 with their Amazon Prime package? Anyone who would get this probably has a Netflix account and app, so I don't understand what the beef is here having to a la carte HBO other than it breaks the cable channel grid paradigm. #FirstWorldProblems thespacecowboy +ing a show also adds any on-demand shows to your library. Downside is those ones have ads, like Hulu. TV guide is frustrating. You can't easily see past the current show and the next one. EPG is weird. You can click on the channel name and then browse that actual channel, but not in a grid style. hp-fourtwenty Yes, we need a good epg severely!! Lex Lybrand It's not available on Android TV. That's a day-1 must-have. Sean McGeezer I'll wait for Cartoon Network at the very least, though it may not happen Terry Sanchez It does not have the Cooking channel and is lacking many channels. I hope this improves over time. SlingTV is still better right now. JG Is it steam only? Or can one pin content to their devices for local/offline play? Then I could​ save a recording or two to watch on my (non-driving) commute without having to worry about adding to much to my monthly bill at $10/gig. Or maybe save something for longer than the 9 month period. Google's Play Movie/TV app allows it, as does the new light weight version of YouTube being beta'd in India now. Netflix and Showtime do to... I would assume if they can do it, why not also YouTube TV? thespacecowboy No download option at the moment. Iamsecond Blah blah blah, thanks for more US-only features YouTube, glad to see you're working hard on this when you haven't even launched YouTube Red in the UK yet. Yep, thanks. Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 105k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 37 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 28 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 27 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 126 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 15 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 96 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 119 Unsupported: the best Nexus 6 ROMs to check out in a post-update world 2017/04/07 11:53am PDTApr 7, 2017 20 LineageOS adds new Quick Settings tiles and support for 15 new devices 2017/04/07 8:04pm PDTApr 7, 2017 67 [Update: No NFC after all?] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay 2017/04/07 7:47am PDTApr 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 125 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 62 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 47 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 119 queries | 0.495s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Toggle Subscribe Search Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness 21 Under 21 Toggle Close Submit Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth Tech Google Displays Fact-Checking Sources for Search In an effort to combat fake news, Google’s search now displays results from fact-checking sites. Ashley PaigeApr 7, 2017 11:45AM EDT Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest facebook dialog PinterestGoogle Search engine giant Google wants to help you find correct sources, and it's officially using fact-checking organizations to bust fact or fiction, The Verge reports. Specifically, Google will use such sites as PolitiFact and Snopes for certain searches and results globally by displaying text that says whether they've decided a claim to be true, false, or somewhere in the middle. However, the feature won't bump up fact-checked sites in the search rank ... which, as the Verge notes, might be a huge hindrance in Google's fight against the escalation of falsehoods. And while the update isn't totally new — these fact-checked tags were featured in Google News last year for the U.S. and the U.K. — it's now worldwide and will show up in Search. The display of richer information comes after Facebook took major steps to reduce the spread of fake stories on its platform. The New York Times reports the social media site also partnered with Politifact and Snopes as well as the Associated Press to flag falsehoods on the platform, which the coalition considers to be a "public service." "I don’t think any of us believe this alone will be the end of the fake news issue," James Goldston, president of ABC News and a member of Facebook's fact-checking partnership, said to the Times. "But I think we’ll learn from it and iterate. Hopefully, over time, it will come to have a significant effect." Hopefully, Google's new partnership will also put a dent in the spread of lies over the internet, which, in some instances, can cause irreversible damage. Related: Facebook’s New Tool Teaches Users How to Identify Fake News follow us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Recommended for You Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast Websites Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Accessibility Help Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Teen Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2017 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. Related My LifeWhat Google Just Did to Cut Down on Fake News Sites My LifeGoogle Is Finally Fighting Bogus Websites That Say … My LifeFake News Is Dominating Google When You Search for …
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska New Flagship LG G6 Smartphone is Ideal for Enterprise Productivity and Offers Always-on Display, Wireless Charging, and the Google Assistant Enterprise-Grade G6 Provides Powerful Capabilities and Government-Grade Security for Safe, Efficient Mobile Work Environment News provided by LG Electronics USA Apr 07, 2017, 11:26 ET Share this article ENGLEWOOD CLIFFS, N.J., April 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The new LG G6® premium smartphone is now available for enterprise use in the U.S. When it comes to your professional needs, LG has you covered. Power through the work day with energy to spare. Look sharp and see what others simply can't. Be strong, resilient, and exceed expectations. The G6 is a smartphone, a personal assistant and a reliable device that helps you excel at all of these things and more. "As work habits have shifted and an increasing number of professionals are using LG mobile devices in the working world, we focused on the needs of our business customer and knew we needed a reliable product with government-grade security,*" said Mike Lombardo, VP Sales & Marketing, LG MobileComm USA. "We have designed the LG G6 to be durable and water resistant, with the added benefit of a powerful battery to get you through the work day." New Flagship LG G6 Smartphone is Ideal for Enterprise Productivity and Offers Always-on Display, Wireless Charging, and the Google Assistant New Flagship LG G6 Smartphone is Ideal for Enterprise Productivity and Offers Always-on Display, Wireless Charging, and the Google Assistant The LG G6 is equipped with a 5.7-inch QHD+ (2,880 x 1,440 resolution) FullVision™ display so you can see every detail clearly. The expansive display spreads across the sleek, industrial design which fits perfectly in one hand. The one-handed usability is also complemented by crisp imagery, authentic color, and the Google Assistant that helps you keep track of your schedule, business travel plans and more. Built to Go the Extra Mile The G6 has been tested for strength and durability, passing 14 different military-standard 810G tests** (Low Temperature, High Temperature, Humidity, Vibration, Solar Radiation, Low Pressure, Sand and Dust, Immersion, Temperature, Shock, Salt, Fog and Rain) so you can take on the toughest work days. The metal frame that wraps around the perimeter of the phone imparts solidity in style with a soft matte finish. The rounded corners of the device's body and display unify the design, while also dispersing impact energy so you can worry less about accidental drops. Always-on Display Helps You Use Your Time Wisely To save you time and battery power when running from one meeting to the next, the 5.7-inch display on the LG G6 offers an Always-on feature. The top one-third of the screen is always on to display the time, date, and notifications without turning on your phone so you can get the information you need at a glance. Wireless Charging to Help You Power Through Back-to-Back Meetings You can go until close of business on the G6's built-in 3,300 mAh Battery and refuel fast with Qualcomm® Quick Charge™ 3.0. To help simplify your life, the G6 can be charged in two different ways – wirelessly or via a USB Type C port. With the G6's wireless charging capability, you can power up quickly and conveniently when it's crunch time so there's no more fumbling around to plug in your phone or frantically searching for a power outlet. Simply place your phone on a compatible wireless charger and your phone is on its way to being refueled. Government-Grade Security for Safe, Efficient Mobile Work Environments The Rear Key on the LG G6 is equipped with a fingerprint sensor to verify the user's identity, ensuring that your business content remains secure. The LG G6 also supports LG GATE (Guarded Access to Enterprise) for Enhanced Enterprise Security Features and Manageability Functions including: Enhanced EAS (Exchange Active Sync) – Enforces simple security policies, secure corporate data, and provides full wireless email and PIM sync. FIP 140-2 Validated – Adds Government-Grade Security Module for enhanced protection for government accounts that require the highest-level of security. Platform Security includes: Enhanced Secure Boot LG Device Integrity Protection Data Protection Key & Certificate Protection Secure Business Access Even When You're Away from the Office The G6 is your perfect business travel companion, allowing employees to remotely and securely access corporate VPN so they won't miss a beat. With expanded mobile device management support, corporate IT managers can also control and protect data and configuration settings for LG devices with major MDM vendors. Lastly, with ThinkFree Viewer, a Microsoft® Office-compatible application suite, employees can check important work documents remotely. Get Answers Faster - Seamless Integration with the Google Assistant LG is focused on convenience and reliability and has worked closely with Google to ensure the Google Assistant experience on the G6 is great right out of the box. With the Google Assistant built-in, the G6 works seamlessly and intuitively with LG apps, empowering users to get fast answers, manage everyday tasks at the office, and search the device quicker and more efficiently than ever. From helping to make plans for a business lunch to finding products, the Google Assistant is ready to help. Buy it Now! The LG G6 is available now online and in-store. For a limited time, purchase the LG G6 and get a Google Home, both with the Google Assistant, on LG. To take advantage of this deal and for the complete list of price, availability and promotions, please visit: http://www.lg.com/us/mobile-phones/g6/promo. Key Specifications:*** Chipset: Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 821 Processor Display: 5.7-inch 18:9 QHD+ FullVision Display (2880 x 1440 / 564ppi) Camera: Front 5MP Wide (F2.2 / 100°) Rear Dual: 13MP Wide (F2.4 / 125°) / 13MP Standard OIS 2.0 (F1.8 / 71°) Battery: 3,300mAh (embedded) Operating System: Android 7.0 Nougat Size: 148.9 x 71.9 x 7.9mm Weight: 163g Network: LTE-A 3 Band CA Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac / Bluetooth 4.2 BLE / NFC / USB Type-C 2.0 (3.1 compatible) Colors: Black / Platinum Other: Water and Dust Resistant / Fingerprint Sensor / UX 6.0 / Dolby Vision™ / HDR10 / Qualcomm Quick Charge™ 3.0 *Government-grade FIPS 140-2 certified crypto module. Government certifications: NIAP MDF PP v3.0, FIPS 140-2, CSfC (pending). **Military standard tests include the following: MIL-STD-810G Low Pressure (Procedure II) Method 500.5, High Temperature (Procedure I – Storage)  & (Procedure II – Operation) Method 501.5, Low Temperature (Procedure I – Storage) & (Procedure II – Operation) Method 502.5, Temperature Shock (Procedure I-C) Method 503.5, Solar Radiation (Procedure I) Method 505.5, Rain –(Procedure III) Method 506.5, Humidity (Procedure I) Method 507.5, Salt Fog - Method 509.5, Sand and Dust (Procedure I) Method 510.5, Immersion (Procedure I) Method 512.5, Vibration (Category 4) Method 514.6, & Mechanical Shock (Procedure IV) Method 516.6. Passed 14 different MIL-STD 810G Tests for durability conducted by an independent laboratory in U.S. that conforms to U.S. military standards. Device may not perform as tested in all conditions. Test performed in controlled environment. Do not attempt. ***Specifications may vary depending on the particular market. About LG Electronics MobileComm USA, Inc. LG Electronics MobileComm, based in Englewood Cliffs, N.J., is the U.S. sales subsidiary of LG Electronics, Inc. a global innovator and trend leader in the global mobile communications industry. LG is driving the evolution of mobile forward with its highly competitive core technologies in the areas of display, battery and camera optics and strategic partnerships with noted industry leaders. LG's consumer-centric products — including the flagship premium G Series models — incorporate unique, ergonomic designs and intuitive UX features that enhance the user experience. The company remains committed to leading consumers into the era of convergence, maximizing inter-device connectivity between smartphones, tablets and a wide range of home and portable electronics products. For more information, please visit www.LG.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-flagship-lg-g6-smartphone-is-ideal-for-enterprise-productivity-and-offers-always-on-display-wireless-charging-and-the-google-assistant-300436634.html SOURCE LG Electronics USA Related Links http://www.LG.com Apr 07, 2017, 11:36 ET Preview: The Next Generation Smartphone, the LG G6, Is Now Available in the U.S. Apr 05, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: LG InstaView Refrigerators Illuminate Star-Studded FOOD & WINE 'Best New Chefs' Event My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 07, 2017, 11:36 ETThe Next Generation Smartphone, the LG G6, Is Now Available in... Apr 05, 2017, 09:00 ETLG InstaView Refrigerators Illuminate Star-Studded FOOD & WINE... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Wireless Communications New Products & Services You just read: New Flagship LG G6 Smartphone is Ideal for Enterprise Productivity and Offers Always-on Display, Wireless Charging, and the Google Assistant News provided by LG Electronics USA Apr 07, 2017, 11:26 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter tech US world science US politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Google Facebook fact-check Google to display fact-checking labels to show if news is true or false In its ongoing bid to combat fake news, Google follows Facebook in announcing new technology to help curb spread of misinformation Google’s fact-checking feature was introduced to Google News in UK and US in October, but will now be displayed globally. Photograph: Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images Google Facebook fact-check Google to display fact-checking labels to show if news is true or false In its ongoing bid to combat fake news, Google follows Facebook in announcing new technology to help curb spread of misinformation Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Samuel Gibbs Friday 7 April 2017 11.37 EDT Last modified on Friday 7 April 2017 17.00 EDT Google is to start displaying fact-checking labels in its search results to highlight news and information that has been vetted and show whether it is considered to be true or false, as part of its efforts to help combat the spread of misinformation and fake news. The fact-checking feature, which was first introduced to Google News in the UK and US in October, will now be displayed as an information box in general search results as well as news search results globally. The small snippets display information about the claim made by a particular page or site and who made the claim, as well as the results of fact checking on the highlighted claim. The fact checks are not performed by Google, but by named trusted publishers and fact-checkers using an open system to mark claims as having been checked. Cong Yu from Google and Justin Kosslyn from fact-check partner Jigsaw said: “With thousands of new articles published online every minute of every day, the amount of content confronting people online can be overwhelming. And unfortunately, not all of it is factual or true, making it hard for people to distinguish fact from fiction. “As we make fact checks more visible in search results, we believe people will have an easier time reviewing and assessing these fact checks, and making their own informed opinions.” Fact check boxes will not be displayed for every search result, and only publishers that are “algorithmically determined to be an authoritative source of information” will be included in the program Google said. The expansion comes in the wake of heavy criticism of US technology firms for their inaction over the spread of misinformation and fake news, particularly around high-profile topics such as the US election. The UK government recently urged US firms, including Google, Facebook, Twitter and Microsoft, to do more to police their platforms and remove illegal and extremist content. German chancellor Angela Merkel’s cabinet has also backed legislation that could lead to fines of up to €50m if social networks refuse to remove illegal content and don’t give users an effective way to report fake news and hate speech. The spread of false information is not a new problem, but has been amplified by the ease of publishing and the vast reach provided by search engines and expansive social networks. The barrier to entry is small and the volume of content high, leading to an expanding issue across multiple platforms and outlets. Research from the Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism in June 2016 found that Facebook was the primary news source for 18-to-24-year-olds. In August, the social network site became embroiled in a fake news storm after sacking editorial staff controlling its trending topics news feed, replacing it with an algorithm that began promoting fake news. Facebook recently began trialling a third-party fact-checking tool that flags stories shared on the social media site as “disputed” by named fact checkers, including Snopes.com and the Associated Press. On Thursday Facebook also published a tool it hoped would help educate the public on how to spot fake news and how discern trustworthy sources from those spreading false information. Facebook users will be presented with a large post at the top of their News Feeds with 10 tips for identifying misinformation including being sceptical about headlines that make shocking claims. Topics Google Facebook fact-check Facebook Social networking Alphabet news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Google back to top tech US world science US politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Why do OEMs keep reinventing the UI wheel? Featuresby Robert Triggs15 hours ago 26 668 34 Although we’re all using Android, there’s a large variety of OEM software and skins running on top, presenting us with plenty of welcome choice, for the most part. However, manufacturers don’t seem to be able to settle on a design for very long, with both the new LG G6 and Galaxy S8 reinventing the wheel once again. Even Google looks to have yet another Settings menu redesign in mind for Android O. If you’ve become accustomed to the familiarity of an old design, there’s nothing more jarring than having to adapt to a whole new look and feel when upgrading to a new smartphone from the same manufacturer. See also: Everything new in Android O: features and changes 2 weeks ago LG Both Samsung’s Touchwiz / Samsung Experience and LG’s UX have been through a number of UI iterations over the past few years, with notable changes occurring with pretty much every new model. Following the G4’s introduction of dual window and its LG SmartWorld app, the G5 switched up the colors of its notification and settings toggles, revamped the settings menu, and even tweaked the buttons on its recent apps overview. The G6 makes yet more changes, with a revamp of its icons and launcher, introducing Google Assistant as a long press function on the home button, and making a swathe of tweaks to its camera app and others. Samsung Samsung has been through a similar number of changes recently. The Galaxy S7 saw the introduction of a new white quick settings and notification menu, new animations, and an overhaul of its settings menu that tucked a lot of options under a new ‘Advanced Features’ tab. The company’s UI also received the ability to drag multiple apps on the home screen, always-on display technology, and the company’s Game Launcher and tools. Not to mention the additional features introduced in the edge variants of its flagships. Then the Galaxy Note 7 came along and revamped everything before being recalled. The Galaxy S8 now has an entirely new software home button layout, icons and the settings have changed once again, and the launcher now also features a Bixby hub page over to the left. So why do OEMs seem intent on constantly switching things up every year when there are much more important things to focus on like battery life? Are we there yet? The most obvious reason would that be that companies are yet to perfect a UI design, and are constantly improving their software to offer consumers a better experience while also staying ahead of the competition. LG has long come under fire for its UI, mostly for being sluggish, bloated with too many semi-useful features, and even removing the app drawer in early G5 software. For LG, the G6 is an attempt to claw back market share after its failed experiment with the modular G5. It’s therefore likely that the company has refreshed its UI to make sure that it offers consumers a software experience that stands up well against the market leaders, who have also refreshed their interfaces. This begs the question 'why not just go stock?' The default Android UI is beloved by many smartphone enthusiasts. Of course this begs the question ‘why not just go stock?’ The default Android UI is beloved by many smartphone enthusiasts, offers up a solid balance of features and snappy performance, yet it hasn’t changed drastically for many years. The obvious conclusion is that LG, and other companies for that matter, believe that they can do a better job than Google. There’s always an incentive to add in additional features and make the most of a phone’s unique technology, such as LG’s 18:9 display, by embedding more options into the core OS and UI. Of course, this risks bogging down the UI with too many options that customers may not ever even use. However, the G6 seems highly optimized for performance and battery life, so these changes aren’t always a bad thing. Breaking bad For Samsung, the reasons for its recent changes may be a little more self motivated. The launch of its latest flagship is still firmly sat in the shadow of the Note 7 fiasco, and Samsung is surely keen to convince customers that the Galaxy S8 is not at all associated with the problems of the past. A new physical look and a major overhaul of its UI are pointers that the S8 is an entirely new handset. Furthermore, the switch over to software keys from the old physical layout, means that the Galaxy S8 is losing one of its key brand identifiers. A new look UI is likely there to act as a new differentiator, just look at the unique software home and back button icons. Samsung has long been the most reluctant OEM at adopting Google’s take on the way Android should look, instead preferring to carve out a more unique look with its user interface and duplicating every Google app imaginable. For Samsung, its UI is as much about creating a look that is instantly recognisable as a Samsung device as it is about offering users functionality. See also: Samsung Experience: the interface formerly known as TouchWiz December 7, 2016 It’s difficult to blame OEMs for continuously tweaking with its core software, as the competitive nature of the market is still pushing manufacturers to offer new and unique features that go beyond its competitors. However, the sheer volume of tweaks, some subtle and some obvious, can be frustrating for consumers who want core features to feel familiar when they switch to a new model. Upgrading to a newer phone in the same product line shouldn’t be as jarring as switching companies altogether. Change can be good, but not when it’s change for change’s sake. Are you fed up with OEMs constantly changing their user interface every year, or are you happy for companies to continue to experiment in the pursuit of creating better software? Perhaps you even just like change so that your phone feels like a bigger shift from older models? Sound off in the comments below. Features Samsung Galaxy S8, LG G6 LG G6, Samsung Galaxy S8 Robert Triggs Lead Technical Writer at Android Authority, covering the latest trends in consumer electronics and hardware. In his spare moments, you'll probably find him tinkering with audio electronics and programming. Show 26 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Huawei P10 International Giveaway! 6 days ago3390 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google tests doodling and cropping for Google Search screenshots +2,593 Quentyn Kennemer Apr 7th, 2017 Google is testing a new feature for handling screenshots taken in the Google Search apps. Alongside your usual sharing options, the app will now also show controls for cropping and drawing. Cropping is as you’d expect: a box with 4 handles at each corner lets you snip only a portion of the screenshot. The drawing feature, meanwhile, lets you scribble atop the screenshot in up to 6 colors. It’s simple editing stuff, of course, but it’s cool that Google can offer these extra tools when it knows you’re taking a screenshot. As is typical, there’s no rhyme or reason in regards to who will see this new feature while it’s in testing. We aren’t seeing it on our own installation of Google Search’s beta track. If you are one of the luck ones seeing it, give it a whirl and let us know what you think. [via 9to5 Google] local_offer    Google   Google Search   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (2) stars Further Reading Verizon's Pixels get Android 7.1.2 Daydream View picks up new features YouTube TV is now available The Galaxy S8 doesn't work with Google Daydream Google halts rollout of Android Wear 2.0 stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertHTC U Specs and Info leak closeNew HTC U Ocean specs and details leak Yesterday we got a good look at the HTC U Ocean, but now we’re being treated to a ton more info about its specs and how its unique Edge Sensor works. 2 more_vertDownload the Galaxy S8 stock wallpapers closeDownload: Here are all the new wallpapers from the Galaxy S8 If you are looking to get a taste of the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus ahead of their official release, then you can download any of these stock wallpapers and customize your current device. 3 more_vertAndroid Wear 2.0 rollout resumes closeAndroid Wear 2.0 rollout resumes to 5 watches All seems well for Android Wear 2.0 with a rollout now hitting not only the original 3 smartwatches to get OTAs, but even more than the original rollout. 4 more_vertVideo: Galaxy S8 drop test closeYou’ll want to buy a case for your Galaxy S8 after seeing this drop test Someone decided to take the Samsung Galaxy S8 and put it through a drop test. The results will make you want to buy a case ASAP. 5 more_vertGalaxy S8+ survives multiple face-down drop tests [VIDEO] closeWatch the Samsung Galaxy S8+ survive an onslaught of face-down drops [VIDEO] Just because the phone is covered mostly in glass doesn’t mean the Galaxy S8+ is fragile. Watch as the S8 survives multiple face-down drops while the iPhone 7 Plus completely falls apart. 6 more_vertYou can remap the Galaxy S8's Bixby button using this free app closeThis free app lets you remap the Galaxy S8’s physical Bixby button to launch whatever you like Not everybody is a fan of the Galaxy S8’s virtual assistant. Dubbed Bixby, the assistant gets its own dedicated physical button to summon the app, but someone found it’s easy to remap it using a free app. 7 more_vertSprint Note 5 gets Nougat closeSprint’s Galaxy Note 5 is now getting Android 7.0 Nougat Folks rocking the Sprint Samsung Galaxy Note 5 will want to be on the lookout for an OTA to hit their phone. It’s Nougat! 8 more_vertSony Xperia XZs launches in the US closeSony Xperia XZs is now available in the US Those looking to purchase Sony’s latest and greatest should turn their eyes to Amazon right now. The US unlocked model of the Sony Xperia XZs is now available at the online retailer. 9 more_vertMoto G5 Plus photo and video samples [GALLERY] closeThe Moto G5 Plus camera: photo and video samples [GALLERY] The Moto G5 Plus is one of the best affordable Android phones you can buy, but how well can it take a photo? Check out our gallery for sample photos and video. 10 more_vertGalaxy S8 best display closeDisplayMate awards the Galaxy S8 as the best smartphone display With the Samsung Galaxy S8, they introduced the “Infinity Display,” which is a fancy way to say “small bezels.” It’s still Super AMOLED and DisplayMate says it’s still top-notch. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Trending Story A deep look at Google's biggest-ever search quality crisis Fred's losers Sistrix analysis says ad-heavy, thin-content sites hit worst Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Search in Pics: Google antlers, cloud car & nap hexagons Barry Schwartz on April 7, 2017 at 9:33 am More In this week’s Search In Pictures, here are the latest images culled from the web, showing what people eat at the search engine companies, how they play, who they meet, where they speak, what toys they have and more. Google antler wall decor: Source: Instagram Google nap hexagon: Source: Twitter Dylan Schneider performs at Google Fiber office: Source: Twitter Google cloud buggy car: Source: Instagram About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Topics Channel: IndustrySearch In Pictures Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Survey Is marketing art or science? Take our survey and you could win a FREE ticket to MarTech San Francisco, May 9 - 11. Let's get started! White Papers Outsourcing Your Content vs. Hiring an In-House Writing Team 3 Steps To Perfecting One-To-One Customer Segmentation Optimize Your Marketing Messaging With Smarter Metrics Create New Revenue by Providing a Complete Marketing & Sales Business App for Your Pro-SMB Clients Guide to Google My Business For Multi-Location Brands See More Whitepapers Webinars Google Analytics 360 & the Move to Enterprise Analytics How to Create the Ultimate Marketing Plan National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot April 8, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Industry  >   Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week Industry 07 Apr 17 | Tereza Litsa Facebook0 Linkedin19 Google+5 Twitter 24 Welcome to our weekly round-up of all the latest news and research from the world of search marketing and beyond. This week, we are exploring the future of voice search, while Google is determined to get rid of fake listings. Moreover, ecommerce brands explore the importance of site speed, with Google launching an A/B testing tool to make our lives easier. The future of voice search Clark Boyd discussed this week the future of voice search, offering a glimpse of what’s coming next. The introduction of voice queries and the idea of conversational search should become more important as natural language processing improves, with Google, Amazon, Apple, Baidu, and Microsoft already investing in the evolution of voice search. Younger generations seem to be more interested in the use of voice search and this may serve as another indication that its future use is going to be more prevalent. Google Optimize: a new A/B testing tool Google announced the global launch of Optimize, an A/B testing tool for websites that want to improve their visitors’ browsing experience. Google Optimize 360 is now available for every business and it’s integrated with Analytics, by adding a simple line of code. According to Google, it’s: easy to use easy to implement easy to understand easy to try In Google’s own words: Leading businesses are building a culture of growth that embraces the use of data and testing to improve the customer experience every day. We’re delighted to offer Optimize to everyone to help deliver better user experiences across the board. Many ecommerce brands underperform in optimisation for site speed Site speed is important for a seamless user experience, but not all ecommerce brands are optimising their site to meet their customers’ needs. As Pete Campbell reports, 79% of shoppers have been disappointed by a site’s performance. Kaizen analysed 700 top ecommerce sites and found that the size of their web pages is 30% larger than a standard website. An improved site speed requires a reduced size, with images being among the most common factors affecting a site’s speed. It is estimated that speed improvement by one second can increase conversion rate by 27% and that’s a good reason for an ecommerce business to examine the best tactics to enhance its speed. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin19 Google+5 Twitter 24 Related articles “Ubiquitous and seamless”: The future of voice search 5 easy ways to launch a local email marketing strategy Google Chrome SSL certificate proposal could affect millions of websites Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week Google reduced fake Google Maps listings by 70% since 2015 Google decided to tackle the problem of fake listings in an attempt to improve its products and protect its users. It announced that it has already reduced fake listings by 70% since 2015, the year that they reached their all-time peak. The idea is to protect users from local listing scams with new business verification techniques: Leveraging our study’s findings, we’ve made significant changes to how we verify addresses and are even piloting an advanced verification process for locksmiths and plumbers. Improvements we’ve made include prohibiting bulk registrations at most addresses, preventing businesses from relocating impossibly far from their original address without additional verification, and detecting and ignoring intentionally mangled text in address fields designed to confuse our algorithms. We have also adapted our anti-spam machine learning systems to detect data discrepancies common to fake or deceptive listings. The state of social There is an estimated number of 2.79 billion active social media users. If this number is not impressive enough, then there’s a different way to present it. The current population on social media is equivalent to the total world population in the 1950s! ClickZ Intelligence held a webinar on “The State of Social” and there were lots of stats to focus on. One of them was a graph from Tracx that discovered a mismatch between companies and consumers. Not all companies manage to be present on the social networks that their customers are. Facebook may be the first choice for both of them, but their choices differ in the next spots. Moreover, Instagram is the fastest growing social network, as it grew 15.1% in 2016. Here are more interesting stats to explore. Tereza Litsa is a Writer at Search Engine Watch. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading Study: Why do marketers still struggle with innovative search tactics? A new study commissioned by Microsoft's Bing and search agency Catalyst may have some light to shed onto why many marketers aren’t realizing the full potential of search. Industry SEO 30 Mar 17 | Rebecca Sentance Google adds rich results for podcasts to SERPs On its Developers blog, Google stealthily launched some new guidelines for structured data to bring rich results for podcasts to search results. What does it look like, and how can you get your podcasts indexed? Industry SEO 30 Mar 17 | Clark Boyd A visual history of Google SERPs: 1996 to 2017 Over the past 20 years, Google has revolutionized how we source information, how we buy products, and how advertisers sell those products to us. And yet, one fact remains stubbornly true: the shop-front for brands on Google is still the Search Engine Results Page (SERP). Development Industry SEO 29 Mar 17 | Clark Boyd Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week Welcome to our weekly round-up of all the latest news and research from the world of search marketing and beyond. This week, the ... read more Industry 24 Mar 17 | Rebecca Sentance Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/04/07/five-most-interesting-search-marketing-news-stories-of-the-week-19/ Send × Want to stay on top of search trends? Get top insights and news from our search expertsDelivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
