US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts ‘The Germans are bad, very bad’: Trump pledges to ‘stop’ German car sales to US Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump just got caught in another ethics violation – thanks to Instagram Sean Hannity takes abrupt vacation as advertisers continue to flee his Fox News show Republican Greg Gianforte wins Montana special election ‘White genocide in space’: Racist fans seethe at diversity in new ‘Star Trek’ series ‘Close to a disaster’: Foreign policy scholar explains massive damage done by Trump’s NATO speech CNN panel crushes Trumpster Jack Kingston after he defends ‘body slamming’ Montana Republican WATCH: Trump tries power handshake on French president — and gets defeated by a white knuckle grip Internet cheers as French president beats Trump at his own ‘bullsh*t macho handshake game’ ‘Painful to watch’: Andrea Mitchell and Kelly O’Donnell torch Trump’s ‘scolding’ of NATO allies ‘Anyone with a pulse’: Trump campaign’s desperation for personnel may explain many questionable hires Sarah K. Burris 25 May 2017 at 18:05 ET                    Roger Stone, Carter Page and Paul Manafort (Photos: Screen captures) Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory President Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign was so desperate for staff that he would have accepted almost anyone willing to work for him. That may have been the way that staff with Russian connections were able to sneak their way into influencing the president of the United States. A recent Washington Post report revealed the campaign faced pressures from party leaders to show they were a professional and credible campaign working to elect a reasonable and professional candidate. As a result, when an “international businessman” named Carter Page approached the campaign, the campaign was eager. According to campaign aides, top Trump advisor Sam Clovis vetted staff using a “quick Google search.” The result was a list of fancy education bonafides from New York University and the University of London. He was added to the national security advisory group and referred to, with gusto, by the future president. What Google didn’t show was Page’s history with Russia and that he was on the FBI’s radar. The Google-vet wasn’t just unique to Page, other Trump staffers and advisors received comparable checks. It seems the only question was about ensuring staff didn’t previously support another campaign and even that wasn’t a firm requirement. Page’s easy access to Trump is what is drawing considerable scrutiny from investigators. They’re unclear if Trump’s connection to Russia-friendly advisors was coincidence, stupidity or a coordinated attempt at collusion. This week, former CIA director John Brennan revealed that he saw intelligence revealing “contacts and interactions between Russian officials and U.S. persons involved in the [2016] Trump campaign that I was concerned about because of known Russian efforts to suborn such individuals.” “Everyone did their best, but there was not as much vetting as there could have been,” former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski told The Post. “Anyone who came to us with a pulse, a résumé and seemed legit would be welcomed,” another longtime campaign official said, in contrast. “We were not exactly making due diligence the highest priority,” a different campaign veteran remarked. Many people familiar with the inner workings of the campaign confirmed that Page and others were brought onto the campaign at a time of “desperation” for the team. Trump was just beginning to win primary elections and there was greater pressure to show they had a reasonable and logical team prepared to run a respectable nationwide presidential campaign. Trump’s current campaign manager Michael Glassner refused to comment. Surprisingly, Carter Page also refused to offer an explanation. Report typos and corrections to [email protected] About the Author Next on Raw Story > Trump says the IRS regulates churches too much — here’s why he’s wrong By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion New Stories Trump says the IRS regulates churches too much — here’s why he’s wrong Republican Greg Gianforte wins Montana special election CNN panel crushes Trumpster Jack Kingston after he defends ‘body slamming’ Montana Republican Trump would sell off America’s energy resources for a pittance — just like Russia did to create its oligarchs ‘You black b*tch!’: Miss Black Texas alleges cops arrested her after she was victim of chief’s ‘road rage’ Raw Story SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Trump News Trump says the IRS regulates churches too much — here’s why he’s wrong Trump would sell off America’s energy resources for a pittance — just like Russia did to create its oligarchs How Felix Sater — former mob-linked hustler and ex-Trump adviser — sought to ‘protect’ Ukraine’s nuclear plants Why Jared Kushner is now part of the Trump-Russia probe US visas issued to citizens of Trump travel ban nations continue to decline Watch Seth Meyers’ hilarious smackdown: ‘If you get a body part close to Trump he thinks it’s a gift’ New Videos CNN panel crushes Trumpster Jack Kingston after he defends ‘body slamming’ Montana Republican Watch Seth Meyers’ hilarious smackdown: ‘If you get a body part close to Trump he thinks it’s a gift’ ‘He needs to shut up’: Paul Begala advises Trump to ‘keep his stupid mouth shut and not obstruct justice’ Watch: Ex-State Dept. spokesman slams Trump for making America look ‘cheap and small’ at NATO meeting ‘He should be arrested!’: CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin says Montana candidate belongs in jail SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS 1 399 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Tweets News: VP camps fears politics in impeach try. #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/og4hU84FXH 2 months ago Our Branded Pinoy for the week featuring Zarrah Jane Amagan a.k.a The Bandwagon Chic - The… https://t.co/FDQj1iItPi 2 months ago Breaking News: UAE joins WWF's Earth Hour. ❤ #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/IZvMOgPoyA 2 months ago Breaking News: Hail Storm hit Dubai. Keep safe everyone! 🙏🏻 #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai… https://t.co/Alxk1eU5ww 2 months ago Trouble sleeping in UAE? You are not alone. Read the full article at our latest issue of… https://t.co/m7tBxP57Ri 2 months ago Ria Money Transfer now operates in GCC May 22, 2017 213 C3 and RAKBANK to bring innovative payroll solutions for the UAE’s blue collar community May 15, 2017 301 Five-man Spinneys shames CML International May 12, 2017 1.1K May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Most Popular Ria Money Transfer now operates in GCC C3 and RAKBANK to bring innovative payroll solutions for the UAE’s blue collar community Five-man Spinneys shames CML International WVL launches women’s volleyball tournament International community condemns EJKs Robredo asks SC to junk Marcos motion Rally vs death penalty held in Cebu Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Most Popular Ria Money Transfer now operates in GCC C3 and RAKBANK to bring innovative payroll solutions for the UAE’s blue collar community Five-man Spinneys shames CML International WVL launches women’s volleyball tournament International community condemns EJKs Robredo asks SC to junk Marcos motion Rally vs death penalty held in Cebu Latest News Local NewsRia Money Transfer now operates in GCC Local NewsC3 and RAKBANK to bring innovative payroll solutions for the UAE’s blue collar community SPORTSFive-man Spinneys shames CML International SPORTSWVL launches women’s volleyball tournament NEWSInternational community condemns EJKs NEWSRobredo asks SC to junk Marcos motion NEWSRally vs death penalty held in Cebu NEWSEstrada to meet with Islamic leaders Local NewsSecond Hot Palayok opens in Dubai Entertainment‘Always JaDine’ conquers Dubai Google introduces Gboard app to iOS users Ryan Thomas Namia June 1, 2016 2:59 pm TECHNOLOGY 663 0 Google has introduced Gboard App, a new iPhone-specific smart keyboard. The new app, which supports glide typing, lets users search straight from the keyboard, using normal Google search. Once the information is found, user can send it into their application without leaving the keyboard, technewsworld.com reported. No matter what application a user is using, SMS, email, WhatsApp or messenger, the Google logo is always present in the keyboard. “It’s like having a google search in any app, right from the keyboard . . . so we called it a Gboard,” said Google in a video posted in its YouTube account. “Solutions like Google’s Gboard and glide typing are designed to simplify and speed up common tasks. That can be a real boon when you’re under time pressure or are trying to create a complex message on a keyboard of limited size,” Principal Analyst at Pund-IT Charles King was quoted as saying in the same report. Emojis can be searched easily in the search bar. Typing words like “angry,” “pizza,” “cat,” and “car,” user can see all the relevant emoji characters in an instant. In addition, the application can be customized depending to the user’s liking. The user has the option to unable the glide typing, toggle things like auto-correction, auto-capitalization, enable caps lock, among others. Right now, Gboard app is only available in the United States and company has yet to announce when it will be available to download elsewhere. Facebook Comments Website Comments Matt Dyer May 16th, 2017 Reply Generally I don’t learn article on blogs, however I wish to say that this write-up very pressured me to try and do it! Your writing taste has been surprised me. Thank you, very nice post. Anthony Rees May 16th, 2017 Reply You really make it seem really easy with your presentation however I in finding this topic to be actually one thing which I feel I’d never understand. It kind of feels too complex and very wide for me. I am looking forward on your subsequent post, I will attempt to get the hang of it! Una Walsh May 16th, 2017 Reply Hello there. Just wished to inquire a fast problem. Connor Walsh May 16th, 2017 Reply well! More exciting content and fantastic Yvonne Campbell May 17th, 2017 Reply Please let me know if you’re looking for a article author for your blog. You have some really good posts and I feel I would be a good asset. If you ever want to take some of the load off, I’d absolutely love to write some material for your blog in exchange for a link back to mine. Please shoot me an e-mail if interested. Thanks! Bernadette Hart May 17th, 2017 Reply Rattling clear site, appreciate it for this post. Nathan Kerr May 18th, 2017 Reply You really make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this topic to be actually something which I think I would never understand. It seems too complicated and very broad for me. I am looking forward for your next post, I will try to get the hang of it! Austin Grant May 18th, 2017 Reply Pretty component of content. I simply stumbled upon your web site and in accession capital to say that I get in fact loved account your blog posts. Any way I will be subscribing to your augment or even I achievement you access consistently fast. Anna Nolan May 18th, 2017 Reply It is fantastic time to make a handful of plans for the future and it is time to be pleased. I have understand this place up and if I may possibly I want to suggest you few attention-grabbing problems or advice. Possibly you can write next articles referring to this article. I wish to read much more difficulties about it! Audrey Springer May 19th, 2017 Reply I really love your blog.. Great colors & theme. Did you create this web site yourself? Please reply back as I’m planning to create my own blog and would love to find out where you got this from or just what the theme is called. Kudos! Faith Davidson May 19th, 2017 Reply Hi! This post couldn’t be written any better! Reading through this post reminds me of my good old room mate! Ava Robertson May 20th, 2017 Reply And you also et your free account upon Bebo? Benjamin Johnston May 20th, 2017 Reply Heyy just wanted to give yyou a brief heads up and let you know a few oof the pictures aren’t loading correctly. I’m not sure why butt I think its a linking issue. I’ve tried it in two different web browsers and both show the same outcome.Feel free to surf to my homepage porn Edward Powell May 20th, 2017 Reply The things i have always told people is that when searching for a good on the net electronics retail outlet, there are a few variables that you have to remember to consider. First and foremost, you want to make sure to get a reputable along with reliable store that has received great testimonials and scores from other customers and business world leaders. This will ensure that you are getting through with a well-known store that provides good service and assistance to the patrons. Many thanks for sharing your thinking on this website. Mary Peters May 20th, 2017 Reply I enjoy reading through an article that will make people think. Also, thank you for allowing me to comment! Bella Dyer May 21st, 2017 Reply There’s definately a lot to learn about this subject. I really like all the points you made. Stewart Mathis May 21st, 2017 Reply Your style is really unique in comparison to other folks I have read stuff from. I appreciate you for posting when you have the opportunity, Guess I’ll just book mark this site. Samantha Reid May 22nd, 2017 Reply I enjoy you because of every one of your effort on this website. Debby delights in working on investigation and it’s really easy to understand why. A lot of people notice all about the dynamic form you create precious thoughts by means of the web blog and even recommend response from website visitors on that point plus our favorite princess has been studying a lot of things. Take pleasure in the rest of the new year. You are always carrying out a stunning job. Nathan McDonald May 22nd, 2017 Reply Valuable information. Lucky me I discovered your web site by accident, and I’m shocked why this accident didn’t took place in advance! I bookmarked it. Abigail Ince May 22nd, 2017 Reply I think other web-site proprietors should take this web site as an model very clean and fantastic style and design, not to mention the content. You are an expert in this area! Kimberly Hardacre May 22nd, 2017 Reply Zune and iPod: Most people compare the Zune to the Touch, but after seeing how slim and surprisingly small and light it is, I consider it to be a rather unique hybrid that combines qualities of both the Touch and the Nano. It’s very colorful and lovely OLED screen is slightly smaller than the touch screen, but the player itself feels quite a bit smaller and lighter. It weighs about 2/3 as much, and is noticeably smaller in width and height, while being just a hair thicker. Carolyn Fraser May 23rd, 2017 Reply Quality content is the secret to invite the viewers to pay a quick visit the site, that’s what this web page is providing. Harry Terry May 23rd, 2017 Reply Hello.This article was extremely interesting, particularly since I was searching for thoughts on this subject last couple of days. Yvonne Hart May 23rd, 2017 Reply Very good article. I definitely appreciate this site. Keep it up! Julian Cornish May 24th, 2017 Reply Hi! I’ve been following your blog for a while now and finally got the courage to go ahead and give you a shout out from Austin Tx! Just wanted to tell you keep up the fantastic work! Brandon James May 24th, 2017 Reply Hi there, is it rite to simply study from books not to pay a quick visit internet for newest updates, what you say friends? Ella Greene May 24th, 2017 Reply You made some decent points there. I did a search on the topic and found most persons will approve with your website. Austin Ball May 25th, 2017 Reply You are a very capable person! Zoe James May 25th, 2017 Reply I was recommended this blog by my cousin. I am not sure whether this post is written by him as no one else know such detailed about my problem. You’re amazing! Thanks! Emily Hardacre May 26th, 2017 Reply Hey very cool web site!! Man .. Excellent .. Amazing .. I’ll bookmark your web site and take the feeds also…I’m happy to find numerous useful info here in the post, we need work out more techniques in this regard, thanks for sharing. . . . . . Joshua James May 26th, 2017 Reply Magnificent goods from you, man. I’ve understand your stuff previous to and you are just too excellent. I really like what you have acquired here, really like what you are saying and the way in which you say it. You make it entertaining and you still take care of to keep it wise. I can not wait to read far more from you. This is actually a tremendous site. POST A COMMENT. Cancel reply WordPress spam blocked by CleanTalk. 1 399 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Tweets News: VP camps fears politics in impeach try. #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/og4hU84FXH 2 months ago Our Branded Pinoy for the week featuring Zarrah Jane Amagan a.k.a The Bandwagon Chic - The… https://t.co/FDQj1iItPi 2 months ago Breaking News: UAE joins WWF's Earth Hour. ❤ #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/IZvMOgPoyA 2 months ago Breaking News: Hail Storm hit Dubai. Keep safe everyone! 🙏🏻 #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai… https://t.co/Alxk1eU5ww 2 months ago Trouble sleeping in UAE? You are not alone. Read the full article at our latest issue of… https://t.co/m7tBxP57Ri 2 months ago Ria Money Transfer now operates in GCC May 22, 2017 213 C3 and RAKBANK to bring innovative payroll solutions for the UAE’s blue collar community May 15, 2017 301 Five-man Spinneys shames CML International May 12, 2017 1.1K May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   About Us Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Stay Connected RSS Feed Mobile Alerts Back to top. NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Software LATEST NEWS Soccer-Stam staying at Reading regardless of playoff outcome 'Chinese couple's kidnapping in Pak highlights CPEC risks' Sidelined, opposition plans symbolic Presidential poll fight Want to assist RBI Governor Urjit Patel? This could be your chance Vajpayee's dream fulfilled: PM Modi on Dhola-Sadia Bridge China's reforms not enough to arrest mounting debt: Moody's Sharp expects first profit in four years on Foxconn's cost cuts Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Software 12:21 PM | 26 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,963212.72 NIFTY 50 9,56958.80 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,73776.00 USD/INR 64.57-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Google's AlphaGo proves superiority over human opponents By New York Times | May 26, 2017, 10.07 AM IST Post a Comment AlphaGo is scheduled to play its human opponent, the 19-year-old Chinese prodigy Ke Jie, one more time on Saturday in the best-of-three contest. Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You By Paul Mozur HONG KONG: Google computer program called AlphaGo beat the world's best player in the second game. It's all over for humanity - at least in the game of Go. For the second game in a row, a Google computer program called AlphaGo beat the world's best player of what many consider the world's most sophisticated board game. AlphaGo is scheduled to play its human opponent, the 19-year-old Chinese prodigy Ke Jie, one more time on Saturday in the best-of-three contest. But with a score of 2-0 heading into that final game, and earlier victories against other opponents already on the books, AlphaGo has proved its superiority. Discussing the contest afterward, Ke said a very human element got the better of him: his emotions. In the middle of the game, when he thought he might have had a chance at winning, he got too keyed up, he said. "I was very excited. I could feel my heart bumping," Ke said after the contest, which took place in Wuzhen, near Shanghai."Maybe because I was too excited I made some stupid moves." "Maybe that's the weakest part of human beings," he added. AlphaGo's victory on Thursday simply reinforced the progress and power of artificial intelligence to handle specific but highly complex tasks. Because of the sheer number of possible moves in Go, com puter scientists thought until recently that it would be a decade before a machine could play better than a human master. A small consolation for Ke was that he played a nearperfect game for the first hundred moves, according to the scientists who designed AlphaGo. Still, like a sprinter who can at first keep pace with a train, in the end Ke was left in the dust by the computer. Demis Hassabis, the cofounder of DeepMind - the artificial intelligence arm of Google's parent, Alphabet Incorporated, that created the software -said that as he watched how close the game was, his pulse rate went up as well. AlphaGo of course has no heart and feels no nerves, and in the end that may have helped make the difference. Scientists and futurists have pointed to that cold focus as a major reason artificial intelligence may someday take over large numbers of white-collar jobs. Comments(0)Add Comments Google's AlphaGo proves superiority over human opponents To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Google warns of email scam that impersonates Google Docs Google launches Solve for India program Coursera collaborates with Google to offer Google Cloud Training courses Google selects six Indian startups for accelerator programme Google's Rajan Anandan is now IAMAI Chairman READ MORE ONke jieGoogleDeepMindartificial intelligenceAlphaGoalphabet Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB 15 Pancreatic Cancer Symptoms Not to Leave Unchecked Activly Give Your Child Whole Life Insurance—Babyhood to Adultho.. Gerber Life Insurance Company The Most Daring Dresses on the Cannes Red Carpet LivinglyMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Economic Times launches India’s first Startup awards The politics of time: Why countries switch time zones Dams on Indus cascade may prove to be a blunder for Pakistan From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Pickup Truck or Luxury Car? Check Out Top Pickup for 2017 Pickup Trucks Sponsored Ads Professional Paint Hacks To Speed Up Your Projects Pro Construction Guide | The Home Depot Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads PNC Agent View - PNC Agent Alliance PNC Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Gems and jewellery trade ready with GST software Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Cognizant President Rajeev Mehta writes to employees, assuages layoff concerns Indiana rolls out red carpet for Indian IT companies, offers big incentive packages to Infosys Employee separation offer first time in India and US: Cognizant Deleted official emails may hold key to why former Infosys CFO Rajiv Bansal's payout was held back Airtel, Vodafone, Idea may launch VoLTE by September to counter Reliance Jio More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live|Harvard Business School GST Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Cookies at Which? We use cookies to help improve our sites. If you continue, we'll assume that you're happy to accept our cookies. Find out more about cookies OK Skip to main content Skip to search Technology Technology TV & home entertainment TV & home entertainment Televisions Sound bars Home cinema systems PVRs & set-top boxes TV DVD combis Aerials Blu-ray DVD players Internet TV boxes TV providers Editor's picks Best Buy TVs The very best TVs you can buy, including LED, 4K and HDR models from the big brands. Best Buy sound bars Upgrade your TV's sound with one of these fantastic, easy-to-install sound systems. Best Buy internet TV boxes Enjoy catch-up TV, on-demand films and apps with one of these superb streaming boxes. Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation Computing Computing Cloud storage tools Laptops Printers All-in-one PCs Antivirus software packages Tablets Ebook readers Wireless routers Shredders Broadband deals Broadband providers Editor's picks Best Buy laptops The very best laptops we've tested, with great battery life, speedy processors and sharp screens. Best cheap laptops for under £500 You don't need to spend a fortune to get a great laptop. Best Buy printers Top-quality machines that turn out fast, high quality prints and won't cost a fortune. Get things done Which? Computing magazine Take a trial to the UK's best-selling computing magazine Solve your computer problems Contact the Which? Computing Helpline for jargon-free technical support. Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Digital cameras Digital cameras Compact cameras Bridge cameras DSLR cameras Camcorders Action cameras Editor's picks Best Buy digital cameras Take photos you'll want to share with one of these top-quality compact cameras. Best Buy bridge cameras These brilliant bridge cameras take five-star photos in all types of lighting conditions. Best Buy action cameras Whether you're snorkelling or cycling, these are the action cameras worth buying. Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Audio Audio Radios Headphones Mini hi-fi systems Wireless & bluetooth speakers Record players and turntables MP3 players Editor's picks Best Buy headphones Enjoy crystal clear sound and well-balanced bass from the best headphones we've tested. Best Buy radios Find a radio with crystal-clear sound that makes tuning in to your favourite stations a pleasure. Best Buy speakers Make the most of your music with one of these fantastic wireless and Bluetooth speakers. Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Phones Phones Mobile phones Cordless phones Simple mobile phones Mobile security apps Nuisance calls Mobile phone providers Editor's picks Best Buy mobile phones The best smartphones we've tested, with sharp screens, snappy processors and long-lasting batteries. Apple iPhones vs Samsung mobiles Not sure whether to buy an iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy? Our lab test results will tell you which is best. Best Buy cordless phones Top-quality home phones you can rely on - and perfect for nattering to friends and family Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Car technology Car technology Sat navs Dash cams Editor's picks Best Buy sat navs Get from A to B quicker with these super sat navs from brands such as Garmin and TomTom. How to buy the best sat nav Expert buying advice to help you cut through the jargon and find your perfect sat nav. Best Buy dash cams Avoid buying a dud dash cam by choosing one of these brilliant Best Buys. Get things done Know your rights - cars Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on motoring Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Find out about the Which? Car Survey Discover how feedback from 60,000 UK drivers helps us steer people to the most reliable cars. Wearable technology Wearable technology Fitness trackers Smartwatches Fitness watches Editor's picks Best Buy fitness trackers Discover the best activity trackers you can buy, from brands such as Fitbit and Garmin. Best Buy smartwatches From smartphone notifications and messaging to activity tracking, these watches do it all. Smartwatch or fitness tracker Use our interactive tool to help you decide whether you need a smartwatch or a fitness tracker. Get things done Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Broadband, mobile & TV services Broadband, mobile & TV services Broadband deals Mobile phone providers TV providers Broadband providers Broadband speed test Editor's picks Best broadband providers We reveal the best, and worst, broadband providers, based on feedback from thousands of customers. Best mobile networks overview We reveal what mobile phone users really think of their network - use our results to choose the best network provider. Best TV streaming services Expert buying advice, plus in-depth reviews of Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and Sky Now TV. Get things done Solve your computer problems Contact the Which? Computing Helpdesk for jargon-free technical support. Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV services Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Smart homes Smart homes Smart home hubs Wireless security cameras Smart thermostats Home automation explained Editor's picks Best Buy wireless security cameras The best smart security cameras we've tested, from brands such as Nest, Belkin and D-Link. Best Buy smart thermostats Keep your home warm and your energy bills in check with one of these Best Buys. Get things done Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - energy Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on home & energy Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Home & garden Home & garden Home appliances Home appliances Cleaning Cleaning Dishwashers Carpet cleaners Cordless vacuum cleaners Handheld vacuum cleaners Robot vacuums Steam cleaners Vacuum cleaners Refrigeration Refrigeration Fridge freezers Freezers Fridges Cooking Cooking Built-in ovens Freestanding cookers Range cookers Hobs Cooker hoods Microwaves Halogen ovens Laundry Laundry Washing machines Tumble dryers Washer dryers Editor's picks Top five best cheap washing machines Bag a bargain Best Buy washing machine with our experts' pick of the cheapest on test. Best Buy vacuum cleaners The latest Best Buy-recommended vacuums that our tests show are a doddle to use, and leave carpets and hard floors spotless. Tumble dryer buyer's guide Vented, heat pump or condenser? We explain the different types of tumble dryer, with expert advice on choosing the right model for you. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Heating, water & electricity Heating, water & electricity Electricity Electricity Solar panels Batteries Light bulbs Electric blankets Smart meters Rechargeable batteries Energy companies Feed-in tariffs Renewable heat incentive Switch your energy supplier Energy monitors Water Water Best shower brands Water-saving shower heads Heating & cooling Heating & cooling Heating oil Boilers Electric heaters Dehumidifiers Electric blankets Air conditioners Smart thermostats Carbon monoxide detectors Wood burning stoves Boiler servicing contracts Underfloor heating Home heating systems Cutting your energy bills Wind turbines Renewable source heat pumps Home grants Ground source heat pumps Air purifiers Editor's picks Best Buy Boilers We reveal the top-rated boiler brands based on our exclusive surveys of owners and heating engineers. The cost of installing a boiler The cost of installing a boiler is often more expensive than the boiler itself. We reveal what you need to know. Dehumidifiers buyer's guide Our expert guide explains how to choose the right dehumidifier for your home. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Shopping grooming & wellbeing Shopping grooming & wellbeing Personal care Personal care Electric toothbrushes Blood pressure monitors Bathroom scales Sun creams Dentists Opticians stores Laser eye surgery Best painkillers SAD lamps Health accessories Shaving & haircare Shaving & haircare Electric shavers Hair dryers Epilators Beard trimmers and hair clippers Shopping Shopping Best and worst shops Best food and drink Supermarkets Toiletries shopping Black Friday Electrical stores and electrical websites Pet food Editor's picks How to choose the best shower What you need to consider when choosing a new shower, plus reviews of the best brands and models. How to get the best hearing aid From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know. Best Buy electric toothbrushes The best electric toothbrushes for cleaning power and battery life, based on our rigorous labs test. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on home & energy Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Garden Garden Gardening tools Gardening tools Strimmers Lawn mowers Chainsaws Hedge trimmers Pressure washers Leaf blowers Garden shredders Secateurs Lawn tractors What to grow What to grow Best vegetables and salad Grow your own Gardening through the year Gardening accessories Gardening accessories Mini greenhouses Barbecues Compost bins Controlled release fertilisers Lawn feeds and weeds Compost Greenhouses Sheds Cat repellents X-hose and other expandable hoses Artificial grass Editor's picks Best Buy lawn mowers Don't get lumbered with an awkward-to-use lawn mower - pick one of these top-rated models instead. Hedge trimmer buyer's guide This expert guide explains the different types of hedge trimmer, plus how much you need to spend. Best Buy pressure washers We round up the top-scoring pressure washers in five different categories to help you find the best one for your garden. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Gardening Helpdesk Find simple solutions to your gardening questions. Small appliances Small appliances Food preparation Food preparation Kitchen knives Bread makers Stand mixers Blenders Toasters Hand blenders Hand mixers Ice cream makers Food processors Fryers Steamers Slow cookers Spiralizers George Foreman grills Small kitchen appliances Unusual kitchen gadgets Drink preparation Drink preparation Coffee machines Filter coffee machines Kettles Blenders Juicers Caring for your clothes Caring for your clothes Steam irons Sewing machines Garment steamers Editor's picks Best Buy coffee machines Don't buy a coffee machine without consulting our list of recommended models. Best Buy food processors Discover which food processors and mini choppers have earned our Best Buy recommendation. Find the best kettle Best Buy kettles are the fastest and quietest you can buy Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Home improvements Home improvements Renovating your home Renovating your home Fitted kitchens Bathrooms Loft conversions Conservatories Insulation Furniture & fittings Furniture & fittings Burglar alarms & home security Smoke alarms Best mattress brands Best shower brands Double glazing Mattresses Wood flooring Electric showers Mattress toppers Duvets Pillows DIY & home maintenance DIY & home maintenance Drills Damp Screwdrivers Sanders Jigsaws Circular saws Best DIY stores and DIY websites Cleaning products Cleaning products Washing-up liquid Dishwasher tablets Washing powder and laundry detergent Fabric conditioner Carpet stain removers Best cleaning products Limescale removers Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy supplier Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home & property Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Staying independent at home Staying independent at home Mobility scooters Riser recliner chairs Stairlifts Assistive technology Adjustable beds Hearing aid providers Bath aids Mobility aids Editor's picks How to get the best hearing aid From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know. Buying and installing a stairlift Discover the average price you should expect to pay for a stairlift and how to get financial help to buy one. Best Buy mobility scooters We've road-tested popular mobility scooters to uncover the best for comfort and ease of driving on different surfaces. Get things done Learn about elderly care Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on health Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Money Money Insurance Insurance Health insurance Car insurance Travel insurance Life insurance Pet insurance Home insurance Dental insurance Legal expenses insurance Income protection & PPI Funeral plans Wedding insurance Editor's picks How to get cheap car insurance Follow our eight steps to drive down the cost of your cover. Best and worst home insurance See which policies come out top based on cover and customer satisfaction. Travel insurance company reviews We've scrutinised 196 policies to find out which companies combine good cover with great customer service. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - insurance Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Tax Tax Income tax Saving on tax National insurance Capital gains tax Inheritance tax Tax credits & benefits Council tax Tax calculator Editor's picks Tax calculator Our easy-to-use tax return tool helps you calculate your annual tax bill, offering tips and tricks to save money, and you can submit your return direct to HMRC. Inheritance tax Find out the latest rules about inheritance tax and how to plan ahead Tax credits Understand the system and what you could be entitled to Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - tax problems and complaints Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Mortgages & property Mortgages & property First-time buyers Home movers Mortgages Buy-to-let Renting a home New-build homes Scottish and Northern Irish property systems Overseas property Editor's picks Mortgage calculators Find out how much you can borrow, what your monthly repayments will be and more. Getting a mortgage Choose a broker, boost your chances of being accepted and compare deals like a pro. Buying a home Understand the entire process, from viewing properties and making an offer to having a survey done and moving in. Get things done Get a great mortgage deal 0800 316 4154 Find the best deal with independent advice from Which? Mortgage Advisers. Get conveyancing support Stay on top of the process with expert guidance and fixed fees. Compare mortgages Search our comparison site for today's best available mortgage deals. Credit cards & loans Credit cards & loans Credit cards Loans Credit scores Debt and how to deal with it Editor's picks Your credit report explained Get to grips with what information your credit report contains and why it matters. Tips to finding the best credit card The credit card market is vast and varied. Understand which type of card is right for you. Get things done Compare credit cards rates Find the best credit cards for you with Which? Money Compare. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Pensions & retirement Pensions & retirement Starting to plan your retirement State pension Company pensions Personal pensions Options for cashing in your pensions You're retired – working on, benefits, equity release Retiring abroad Long term care Which? Elderly Care Editor's picks The state pension Find out when you'll qualify for the state pension and how much you're likely to get The best income from your pension pot Get to grips with the different ways to turn your pension pot into an income. Do you want an annuity, income drawdown, lump sums - or a combination? Calculate and compare income options Calculate how much money you could get from different pension options - are you likely to be better off with an annuity or income drawdown? Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - pensions Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Learn about elderly care Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care. Savings & Isas Savings & Isas Savings accounts Isas Editor's picks The different types of savings account Understand the pros and cons of your savings options, from instant-access accounts to fixed-rate bonds. How to find the best cash Isa With interest rates lower than ever, use our guide to find a competitive account. Cash Isa rules and allowances Understand all the ins and outs of Isas, including how much you can save and what restrictions they have. Get things done Compare savings accounts and Isa rates Find the best savings accounts and Isas for you with Which? Money Compare. Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Investing Investing Learn how investing works Stock and shares Isas Types of investment Fund supermarkets Financial advice Editor's picks Are you ready to invest? Use our checklist before risking your money on the markets. Do you have the right safeguards in place? How to invest in a stocks and shares Isa Understand your options for tax-efficient Isa investing - should you take advice or make your own decisions? Fund supermarkets: compare customer satisfaction Choose the right investment broker for your needs with our unique ratings: we sort the best from the worst on a range of measures, from value for money to customer service. Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Wills & probate Wills & probate Power of attorney Probate Passing on your money Which? Elderly Care Editor's picks Writing a will Find out how to make a will, either on your own or with the help of a professional. Grant of probate Discover how to get a grant of probate and how the process works if you're doing it yourself. Setting up power of attorney Understand the costs and the forms you'll need to fill in. Get things done Write your will online Make your will online with Which? Wills - it's quick, easy, and affordable. Get expert legal advice on probate Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Banking Banking Current accounts Student and graduate bank accounts Switching your bank Best bank accounts Banking security and new ways to pay Editor's picks Best and worst banks Choose the right bank for your needs with our unique customer-satisfaction rankings. Best banks for dealing with fraud Find out how your bank compares when it comes to handling fraud claims. How safe is online banking? Understand how scammers attempt to access your bank account - and how to protect yourself. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Money-saving tips Money-saving tips Budgeting Saving money Getting a great deal Making money Broadband deals Saving money on your energy bills Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) explained Home grants Editor's picks 50 ways to make money Learn how you could pocket an extra £1,000 this year with our comprehensive guide to boosting your finances. Best personal finance software Discover the software packages that are best at helping you manage your money. 10 tips for finding cheap train tickets From splitting your ticket to timing your booking right, find out how to cut the cost of your journey. Get things done Switch energy company Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Baby & child Baby & child Baby transport Baby transport Pushchairs Baby carriers and baby slings Child car seats Multimac Baby sun shades Travelling with children Editor's picks Top 10 best child car seats Our experts round up the top-scoring child car seats that have passed our safety tests and are easy to fit. Best Buy pushchairs Our lab tests and panel of parent testers have revealed the strollers, travel systems and all-terrain buggies that won't let you down. How to buy the best baby carrier or baby sling Expert tips for buying a carrier that keeps you and your baby safe and comfortable. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Nursery & feeding Nursery & feeding Feeding and changing Feeding and changing High chairs Breast pumps Formula milk Baby feeding products Baby changing bags Potty training Nappies Baby wipes Nursery Nursery Baby walkers Baby bouncers Nursery lighting Playpens Nursery furniture Bath and bedtime Bath and bedtime Cot beds Nursery blackout blinds Baby baths Cots Moses baskets and cribs Travel cots Getting baby to sleep Cot mattresses Pregnancy and birth Pregnancy and birth Tens machines Packing for the birth Apps for parents Which? Birth Choice Editor's picks Best Buy high chairs These Best Buy high chairs are sturdy, durable, easy to clean and have useful features, such as effective foot rests. Choosing infant formula milk Which? helps you choose the best formula milk for your child and making bottle feeding easier. Best Buy breast pumps Say goodbye to uncomfortable minutes spent expressing milk. Our tests have revealed the best easy-to-use breast pump models. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Child safety at home Child safety at home Baby monitors Stair gates Digital thermometers Baby safety equipment Head lice and nits Calpol and pain relief Trampolines Editor's picks Best Buy baby monitors These top-rated baby monitors won't let you down when you need them most. The best nit and head lice treatments Head lice leaving your kids scratching their heads? We've surveyed parents to find out which nit treatments work best. How to choose the best stair gate We help you choose a safe and easy-to-fit stair gate in this expert buying guide. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Shopping & family finances Shopping & family finances Shopping for your baby Shopping for your baby Baby products you need Second hand baby kit Shopping for a new baby Best deals on baby products Family finances Family finances Tax credits & benefits Working parents Working parents Childcare Maternity leave Editor's picks Free and cheap baby stuff What to expect when you are expecting - in the way of freebies and cheap baby-themed goodies. Parents' 10 most useful baby products Parents vote on the most useful baby kit - plus the so-called essentials that will just gather dust. Childcare costs Returning to work? Discover how much you can expect to pay for different types of childcare. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Cars & travel Cars & travel Cars Cars Car reviews Car reviews Estate cars City cars Medium cars Large cars Compact SUVs Large SUVs Small cars MPVs Sports cars Convertible cars Luxury cars Fuel-efficient cars Most reliable cars Car brand reviews Car brand reviews Mercedes-Benz Audi Ford Honda Hyundai Mazda BMW Nissan Skoda Toyota Vauxhall Volkswagen All car brand reviews > Choosing a car advice Choosing a car advice Best Buy cars How to buy the best car Car buying tips Choosing between petrol & diesel How we test cars All car advice guides > Car ownership advice Car ownership advice Which? Car Reliability Check Driver calculators & tools Best car tyre brands Best car breakdown cover How to find a good garage All car advice guides > Get things done Step-by-step legal guidance on cars and motoring Sign up to Which? Legal for full telephone support from our experts to put you on the right track. Know your rights - cars Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on motoring Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Travel Travel Travel essentials Travel essentials Suitcases Cabin bags Travel money Travel health Transport & accommodation Transport & accommodation Airlines and airports Trains Car hire UK hotel chains Consumer rights: flights Consumer rights: car hire Outdoor clothing & accessories Outdoor clothing & accessories Binoculars Outdoor clothing Outdoor accessories Planning your trip Planning your trip Tripadvisor Planning a cruise Travel agents Editor's picks Best Buy suitcases We pack them, drop them, pull them and carry them so you can find a Best Buy that won't let you down. Best and worst car hire There are some awful car hire companies, according to our survey. We reveal the best and name the ones to avoid. Airlines and airports Find out the airlines loved by their passengers, and see ratings for comfort and value for money. Get things done Step-by-step legal guidance on travel Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small. Know your rights - travel Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Campaigns Campaigns Safeguard us from scams Fraud is now at record levels - we are urging the government to take the lead and ensure companies safeguard us all from scams. Better banking We don't think banks always treat their customers fairly. Join our campaign to have banks held to account for their customer service. Challenging Whirlpool Whirlpool’s fire-risk dryers continue to pose a potential threat to people’s homes. Join us in challenging Whirlpool to sort this mess out quickly. Train hell Our railways are plagued by delays, cancellations, overcrowding and poor train conditions. Sign our petition to demand better. Fix bad broadband Are you getting the broadband speed you were promised? Use our tool to find out. Better pensions New rules mean more choice as you approach retirement. Join our call for better pensions. Nuisance calls and texts Plagued by nuisance calls and texts? Use our tool to report the culprits. Fair energy prices Do you think you pay a fair price for your energy? If in doubt sign our petition. Public service complaints Ever feel like your complaints to GPs or care homes are being ignored? Fuel claims Car makers are claiming fuel figures that are miles from the truth. Sign our petition for car tests you can trust. Fees and charges Do you feel tricked by sneaky fees and charges? Sign our petition to help us put a stop to this practice. Get your voice heard Which? Conversation A community website to share your views on the consumer issues of the day. Consumer Rights An expert guide to your consumer rights with free tools and advice for what to do if things go wrong. All Campaigns Which? Campaigns Get involved in our latest campaigns and find out how to take action. Services Services Consumer advice Consumer advice Consumer Rights Which? University Which? Birth Choice Which? Elderly Care Money Helpline Which? services Which? services Which? Trusted Traders Which? Mortgage Advisers Which? Legal Conveyancing Which? Wills Which? Switch Which? Money Compare Which? Probate Member exclusive Member exclusive Which? Local Computing Helpdesk Gardening Helpdesk More from Which? More from Which? About us About us About us About us What we do & how we work Help / FAQ Press office Which? Policy Which? Consumer insight Which? Directory Careers Contact us Which? membership Which? membership Benefits of being a member Log in News & community News & community Latest news from Which? Which? Conversation Search My account Log in Sign up News All news All news Home & garden Technology Money Baby & child Cars Travel Consumer Rights TechnologyCameras Google Photos update will make sharing memories easier We dissect the latest updates to the camera app By Ryan Shaw 26 May 2017 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by email Google announced a raft of new features for its photo management and storage app Google Photos at its I/O conference last week. We take a closer look. The app, which was launched around two years ago, currently has around 500 million users across Android, iOS and the web. It offers easy-to-use photo and video management plus unlimited storage for free (photos are capped at a maximum of 16Mp and videos at Full HD) but you can pay for a premium storage option if you want to store photos and videos at maximum resolution. Unlimited storage has always been included but new sharing options, visual search and more are set to be released in the UK towards the end of 2017. Read on for the details. Best camera phones – find a phone with the best camera for you 1. Suggested Sharing With Suggested Sharing, a user will be notified automatically when they have a photo that Google Photos thinks they should share with a friend. For example, did you capture photos from Tom’s birthday party? Google Photos will automatically select the best shots of the bunch and ask if you want to share them with Tom, close friends or anyone else featured. Once your friends have received them, they will also receive a reminder to share their snaps as well. The premise is you don’t have to remind your friends to share photos they’ve taken – Google will do it for you. 2. Shared Libraries Taking sharing to the next level, Google Photos is also adding Shared Libraries. This is where you share a library with another Google user, such as your partner, and you can opt to have all the photos you capture automatically upload to Google Photos so you both have access. This means you’ll no longer need to bug your partner to share images of your kids, for example – it’s just done routinely. If you don’t want to share everything, you can just share photos of specific people you nominate, or photos snapped within a specific date range. 3. Photo Books   Similar to well-known photo book services such as Shutterfly or Blurb, Google has announced its own Photo Books service. Built in to Google Photos, it will allow users to pick a selection of photos and order printed books from the photos they’ve taken. The app will use image recognition and machine-learning technology to select the best photo from duplicates or group related photos together. At the moment, you can’t add any captions to images, but it’s designed to simplify the process of publishing photo books direct from your phone or tablet. It’s initially only available in the US ($9.99 for softback, $19.99 for hardback) but is expected to roll out to the UK later this year. 4. Augmented reality with Google Lens The feature we were most impressed with is a new augmented reality tool called Google Lens. It can add context to images seen through the camera, providing another layer of information. It uses image recognition and location details to identify different elements of the photo and make them interactive. For example, you can point the camera at a plant or a building and the app can provide details of the species of plant, or the name of the building. Similarly, when pointed at a restaurant, it can provide user ratings and pricing information. Photography tips for beginners If you’ve made the leap from a camera phone and just bought a new camera, we can help. Follow our expert advice on taking better photos and improve your composition and technique with our guide to getting the most from your camera. Categories: Cameras, Technology Tagged as: camera camera phone digital cameras Google Photos Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by email More on this Compact camera reviews How to buy the best digital camera Best Buy mobile phones Related articles Unique Sgt Pepper turntables mark album’s 50th anniversary Posted on 26 May 2017 Audio Tech support scams follow WannaCry ransomware Posted on 24 May 2017 Computing Nokia 3310 out now, lasts ‘up to a month’ on standby Posted on 24 May 2017 Technology All Technology news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by email Back to top Follow Which? on Facebook Follow Which? on Twitter Subscribe to Which? on YouTube Follow Which? on Google+ RSS Feed Contact us Which? Directory Accessibility Terms & conditions Privacy Cookies MSA statement Which? works for you © Which? 2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 130 Plus 1 on G+ 319 Share on Facebook 84 Share on Twitter Total Shares533 Android OS Legal Marshmallow 6.0 News Nexus 6P The Android hardware space is fast beginning to look like a watered down episode of Suits. Following on from news earlier in the week that LG is facing a bootloop lawsuit regarding several of its phones, Huawei's Nexus 6P could be responsible for Google encountering a similar inconvenience. As well as being accused of the same bootloop problem that has blighted LG devices, there are reports from consumers that the Nexus 6P has a premature battery shutdown problem. We reported late last year that certain Huawei Nexus 6Ps were suffering from the early shutdown problem, causing them to die with as much as 60% battery still indicated. Now, law firm Chimicles & Tikellis LLP is investigating the possibility of bringing a class action lawsuit against Google on behalf of customers who have faced this issue. Also included in any potential suit would be the same bootloop issue that has also affected owners of the LG Nexus 5X. The problems have mostly been reported by users running Android 7.0 Nougat, but there are also claims that backpedalling to Marshmallow 6.0 on the same devices doesn't fix anything. Neither Google nor Huawei seems to be taking either responsibility or action to resolve issues such as these. While Google is aware of the problems, having assigned both the shutdown and bootloop issues in its tracker, its official position is that those affected by the issue should reach out to customer support for a replacement device. But customers going directly to Huawei about the fault are also out of luck, as they are being told that the problem is with the software and not the hardware, and thus not an issue covered by the manufacturer's warranty - whether it's still in date or not. This is a very frustrating situation for the consumer when neither company seems willing to investigate properly or hold their hands up. Let us know in the comments if any of you Nexus 6P owners have experienced either issue. We'll report back with any further developments as they come in. Source: Chimicles & Tikellis LLP Tags bootloop Google huawei lawsuit nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support ... Next Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → IsaacJacobs Boot loop here. Thankfully our Ombudsman financially bullies the carrier until we get a resolution in Australia. Got a free refurb replacement, hopefully won't suffer the same. Matthew Hanson Mine seems to love to die around 10%. As a few others have stated, the low power notification will appear, I will use it for a few minutes and then it powers off. The battery history shows this steep cliff falloff after beginning the recharging and power on. Melad360 i always saw my 6p shut off as soon as the power saving mode came on at 15% battery. this started to happen after an update, i think 7.0 or 7.1, never happened before that though Latheryin This really is a software issue with what they ship out to nexus devices. It also effects the nexus 6 from Motorola. Seems every nexus device that got 7.x has this issue. Packer Backer Nope, doesn't affect the Nexus 6. Provide some links or just don't comment. Latheryin Sorry not a baby sitter. Why not do some research before you post. Also might want to look at the source code and try to understand what you are talking about before posting. abrasive I myself did start to see this issue after about a year, but the device was easily replaced for another warranty-related issue. I would assume my clock was started over again. Not that I haven't seen the same problem on computers with old batteries, but I would hope to get substantially more mileage out of a battery. Nexus 6p Issues Its about time! There are so many issues with the Google branded phones, it doesn't make any sense. We have already reached out to the firm to provide any support they need in accomplishing their potential goal of this class action lawsuit. Its time someone sticks up for the consumers who have been ripped off by this multi-billion dollar company. In the mean time, please follow us on Twitter and sign our petition at Change.org regarding this very issue. We have a lot of signatures and would appreciate your's and your share as well. Thank you in advance! 3fren I'm seeing so many comments about the battery issue going away with just replacing it. I guess I have to give it try. I'm always cautious when it comes to replacing a OEM battery with a replica though. Doug The early shutdown has been an issue on my Nexus 6P ever since I upgraded to Android 7. This has been a frustrating experience - I cannot trust the phone to not die on me when I need it and find myself constant carrying an external battery pack so I can start my phone back up if it dies. P. Sherman Just get an iPhone. It has SIGNIFICANTLY LESS DEVASTATING defects and actually functional software Quality Control team. thereasoner Lol, iOS is the worst when it comes to software issues and iPhone hardware is junk. No Google devices have yet to suffer the nightmares that were error 53 and Touch Disease much less the related class action lawsuits against Apple because of them! Are you trying to be funny? P. Sherman Yeah, no Android devices have had to deal with Touch Disease or error 53. Instead, they spontaneously combust (Note 7,) bootloop for no reason at all (ALL LG'S,) have glass backs that pop out when exposed to a little heat (Xperia Z2 and Z3,) have nearly unusable Bluetooth connectivity (Pixel, Xperia Z5,) heat so badly you can cook an egg on it (every Android that had a massive update,)... I could go on! I'm simply stating that iOS has historically been significantly less buggy and disastrous than Android when a new update rolls around (Think the disaster that was KitKat to Lollipop. The transition from iOS 6 to 7 was SIGNIFICANTLY less dramatic than that in terms of bugs and drains.) Also, Have an open mind and stop automagically trashing the iPhone. The iPhone may be lacking significantly in some areas, but it has two significant advantages - USABILITY AND LONGEVITY. thereasoner Correct, any serious issues facing Android phones have been a one off affecting only one model out of dozens of different models/manufacturers while both device bricking issues found in recent iPhones in error 53 and touch disease affected a much smaller base of phones and just one manufacturer . All the other minor issues you mentioned, be they real or exaggerated, are also very similar to minor issues various iPhones have faced as well its just that it's even worse for iPhones because there are so few models from one manufacturer(and they're still worse) vs several dozens models from over a dozen different manufacturers. That's how bad iPhones are when they have more serious issues despite producing so few models. Issues with Android phone should dwarf those of iPhones by a huge margin considering how many models /manufacturers are involved but they don't, the iPhones still manage to be worse! It's mind boggling when you think about but that's how bad Apple quality is these days. Jon Puhl My 6P is absolutely absurd. It shuts down as high up as 51%, and almost always when the battery percentage is lower than 30%. I'm really upset about this, because it's Google's last Nexus flagship, and it can't even last a full two years without having this dumb battery problem. Daniel Orchard I got a full refund for my 6p, and bought a pixel xl, was out of pocket a little for the upgrade but device was just out of warranty so im still happy with the outcome. Props to Google store support. Yeah i still l got charged the pixel while waiting for the refund, took about 2 weeks to come through but they organised the return shipping etc just like an rma. Im actually really happy. Mine would shutdown between 15-30% and i only lived with that for 2 weeks before starting the process of fixing it. Yes it happened after moving to 7.0 and yes rolling back to 6.x did not fix it so im convinced its software, nfi why they havent rolled out a fix yet. I suggest doing the same because all replacement n6p are still vulnerable to the bug afaik. Morenicano Just wanna make sure I follow, You saying you had your 6P for more than a year and they authorized a refund? I ask because I just reached them for an exchange but if I can get a refund and upgrade to the Pixel, I'll do it. Morenicano Just a heads up, JUST I contacted Google through the support tab in the settings of my 6P and they warranty replaced both mine and my wife's 6P and we bought them through Project Fi in November 2015 with no extended warranty. They said it's a known issue and setup the replacement with no problem and it has next (business) day shipping for the new one and you send the old one back once you have the new one up and running. They do put a hold for the value of the phone on your card while they wait for the old one to come back but they don't charge you Cory Wilson Crybabies. Seriously, my phone developed the issue last week, contacted Google, now I'm rocking a brand new Nexus 6p. Luckily I happened to be on the last day of my warranty but I also got protect so even if I was out of warranty I wasn't paying another $500 again. Just call Google instead of your lawyers dumb asses Packer Backer Wow, a snowflake playing Internet tough guy. Brandon Andrews I had my Nexus 6P become bricked by the bootloop issue. I bought my phone through Best buy and was still well within my 1 year manufacturer warranty when the problem occurred. Unfortunately when I called Best buy customer service and asked how to take care of the situation they told me to send it to this company called Jeg & Sons to get the problem reviewed and a replacement. Needless to say there was like a month long ordeal of mix ups with this company before they finally sent my phone back and told me they don't deal with my phone. Finally I eventually figured out I needed to send my phone to Huawei and they replaced my phone no problem. Sarah Despars I've never had this issue with my 6p so far. Hopefully it doesn't start! k_nonymous I experience this exact same problem and it drives me nuts. Battery saver mode on my 6P is supposed to be activated at 15% battery. The phone shuts off before it ever gets to that point. Also, 95% battery life is equivalent to 1h 5m???? Packer Backer Well well, according to thereasoner he thinks it's your fault. gparmar76 This is 100% hardware related...If it was the OS, it would be a widespread issue across all Android 7 handsets...Huawei is using cheap batteries... People who like the phone should go buy a replacement from a company like Zero Lemon (if available)..Or just buy another stock battery. Kirkster My Nexus 6P is 11 months old, and so far the only anomaly I've had is that it spontaneously factory-reset while in my pants pocket about two weeks ago, which was annoying. I recovered from the cloud backup, which restored all my apps, settings, etc, and my photos were set to back up to Google photos. I lost my call log and SMS messages though, but luckily most of my messaging is via WhatsApp (which restored everything). Still, annoying. I now have a SMS+call log app installed in case it happens again. No battery problems *yet*, now I'm dreading the one-year mark, after reading all the comments. Chalet_Badger My 6P bootloops, i can get it to start normally when the battery is ~5% or so but it will freeze and start to bootloop about a minute or two after. Duane I've had no issue with my 6p. Sounds like an annoying issue from the comments here. Robert B I've been having this problem for a few months now...I carry external battery around all the time because you never know when it feels like it's going to shut off and not turn back on Packer Backer According to thereasoner, it's your fault. clarence jones My 6p did not have the random shutdown at a certain percent issue before. After the 7.1.2 update it would crash and restart when the camera app was opened. About two days after the update it started boot looping and nothing i have tried has gotten it to successfully boot again. Packer Backer Tell thereasoner because he thinks it's your fault. Spudos Woah I thought this was just me. My ending battery life varies wildly, sometimes dying at 15% and on bad days dying around 40-50%. I would replace the battery myself but the teardown process looks like it requires an electrical engineering degree. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. Maybe you should straighten him out. Đức Thành Maybe Google deserves to be sued. Kyle Zess I am plagued by this issue. My phone shutdown after 5 minutes of non charging use. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. David Vogt Only time mine would shut down early at 30% or less is if I was out in freezing cold weather, phone just didn't like freezing weather, keep it warm and it's fine blueman24 Just admit it that your "quick charge" bs killed the battery early. Truth hurts huh My Nexus 6p 128 was barely a year old and it never recovered from the bootloop issue where it would keep restarting and not getting past the Google screen then restart over and over, losing precious pictures and videos of my children. My sister's Nexus 5 eventually broke from the bootloop issue 3 months later. We both had the $80 warranty but it seemed unfair having to pay for a replacement REFURBISHED Nexus 6p when the damage was caused by bad software. Sucked how although Nexus/Google/Huwei knew of ongoing repeated problems a 6 -9 months earlier, yet FAILED to try to resolve or prevent the recurring boot loop issue from infecting more phones. Finally, a lawsuit is in place. Damani Boyce After 7.1.1 update my Nexus 6p got bootloop an can't be fixed shame on them not even a reply from Google or Huawei. thereasoner Many on here are saying that they had no problem getting it fixed/replaced. Packer Backer Yeah, it's ALL his fault.... Posts like yours make some people dream of twisting your head off. thereasoner Why would you say it's his fault? Smoking one to many fatties?, Lol. Razed Mine currently dies at around 10%. I use it moderately and have had it since launch. Got Nexus Protect, but that seems worthless as all reports are that using that service will just get me an even worse battery. thereasoner My Pixel has been great, I'll have to ask a friend at work about his 6p to see if he's having issues. By the sounds of it only a small percentage of devices are affected. Packer Backer Nexus 6 by Motorola was a better direction. Gordon Mine would shut off at 25% consistently. I called Huawei and they actually replaced the battery for free. I had to pay for shipping 1 way, but the covered the rest. I got my phone December 2015, and it was just replaced this February. ThEGr33k Which country? Gordon Canada Trey Bradshaw I haven't encountered any bootlooping and my phone doesn't shut off unless my battery drops to about 2%. olivrstal happens to my 6p quite a bit as well :( hope it's gonna make it till the pixel 2 comes out :D mrjoeyloke My wife just got the bootloop of death on her 6p. I think that might be a whole different issue though. Kuldeep Choudhary This happens when a gaint company like google hires a Chinese company to manufacture it's top line product. I'm using my motorola nexus 6 for 2.5 years and still not a single problem im facing and decided to keep it for 1 more year. Omar Al Matar Had the problem, I was out of warranty, called them, no frustration or arguments, 5 minutes i had the email to get my new phone, and i sent them the one i had, i was even out of the country. Now I got it to last me another year, so idk about y'all Kristen Oliver This happened with me until I replaced the battery... At my own cost. Funnily enough that is not a software issue 12321 Please click the links below for details of my experience, which is echoed by thousands of other Nexus 6P owners. My handle is 12321 http://forums.androidcentral.com/nexus-6p/770380-google-takes-no-responsibility-if-os-updates-cause-nexus-6p-devices-randomly-power-off.html https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/google-takes-responsibility-os-updates-t3559030 https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/nexus-6p-randomly-shutting-50-youre-t3522911 https://androidforums.com/threads/7-1-1-from-google-how-is-your-battery-life-new-features.1099435/ abc Yes, please. Sue them! Merxury My Nexus 6p died, it stuck at bootloop every time when I turn on my phone. Sara Bales I've had the Huawei Nexus 6P since July of 2016, purchased new in the box. It started randomly shutting down within weeks, often multiple times a day. It was annoying and inconvenient, even shutting down once when I was on a 911 call reporting an intruder in the garage (talk about chaos. . . I had to wait for it to reboot and call again). My phone entered the "boot loop of death" the last week of March. The first 6 or so crashes, it rebooted just fine. But then it started getting hung up on the rainbow google animations, until finally it wouldn't even push past the Google screen. I was able to pull up the barcodes but other system reboots were useless. Since my phone is still under warranty, Huawei agreed to repair it but I had to wait 5 days for a label from UPS. It's been almost 3 weeks and I've heard nothing. They also didn't offer to send a loaner phone. At least mine was under warranty, I see on the forum that Google and Huawei have refused to help and neither want to accept responsibility. Ron Nguyen My 6p shutdown prematurely everyday but at different battery percentages. Mostly around 30%, but I have had 40, 50s and 60. Anunnaki A battery replacement fixes the early shutdown problem. Sriidhar sriidhar My 6p died couple of weeks ago and Google and Huawei must be sued for not taking the responsibility, I'm a student and I saved a lot of money to buy the phone but now they're like, it's not our concern as you're out of warranty! Konstigt2 Very good, they should have issued a recall and fixed them all. To not have your phone avail when you need it in case of emergency could be fatal. I have gotten my battery and screen replaced and that fixed it for me. arpit saxena My 6p shutdown few months back, after bootloop and hasn't been turned on since them. Both companies failed to address the situation and to fix the fault Huawei asks for 400$. I don't seem to find any kind of Justice in this area. David Berry All you poor nexus folks hot rolled. High price.shite processor thats had issues in every phone its been put in & sealed in battery copping quick charge for 12months through then the new usbc port then add that to the Chinese manufacturer &issues that causes with returns & you have a massive recipie for disaster. So is your nexus 6p still beter than an s7e or note5or7?Maybe the little fire issue puts it on a par with note 7 just but with that 810 inside it was always doomed from the start. No wonder they canned it for the now overpriced pixel. I think id rather a umi z plus for under half the price. So wheres the samsung haters now? I hate them too but they do make the best phones once you tweak this & that & set it up right. My note5 died after 18 months too. It did cop a real hammering as a wifi hotspot for a while there though. It used to get real hot with a few people connected at once & my bro never let it rest & would run it hot & flat every day. Sometimes 2x a day so it was to be expected. I got 2 note 7s for Sweet f%$ck all & a free s7e from samsung so ill forgive them a little & send back my note5 in the fire proof box & keep the other note 7 as a spare & as compensation for losing all my music &stuff on the note5& the fiasco of the n7recall. Sealed in batteries suck unless you replace your phone every 18months. Boy Ling Mine shuts down at 33% maybe 8 Times out of 10. I never updated to android 7. Mandeep Singh Pannu Mine normally dies off at 30%, then I connected it to charge, it comes back on at 30%.... Also I live up north in the UK, and at early in the morning, if I go out, and it's too cold it just dies randomly theadamsegal Very disappointed with Google. My Nexus 6P started shutting off at around 20% less than a year after I purchased it. The basically pulled an Apple with the release of the Pixel. After purchasing 3 Nexus phones in 4 years, I won't be buying a Google handset again. Ashwini Kumar Same issue here. Phone dies suddenly at 10-15% without any warnings. I love the phone but battery is pathetic. I barely get 10 hours on light usage. I hate apple but the 6s plus from work would be at 50% battery at the end of the day. First google deserted the nexus brand and then not honouring the issue. Disappointed! Sean Stone I'm currently replying from my just received RMA replacement for the boot loop issue. My warranty was technically up in November but the Google Tech Support hooked me up anyway. Better outcome than I was expecting. Thomas Boel Mine shut's down at round about 20%, but only when the screen is turned on! The warning comes and immediately it starts shutting down. Maggie Smith I don't get any warning. It just reboots at random. I wish I did get a warning. David Schleifstein Shuts down at 15% for me, closer to 30% for my wife's. I also noticed that a short time in colder temperatures can cause the battery to drop dead at 50% and up. Ger PG How is this affecting users? David McFee Same issue. Daily premature shutdown. So annoying. Jon Watts Get a grip people. It's just a phone. If it doesn't work just get a new one. I've had the 6P since its release in 2015. Yes I've had a few issues but nothing that didn't eventually get fixed. Dirge Yeah, all those thousands of people that suffer from this problem better just get a grip. So Google sold a defective product, so what? Go buy another one. Duh. "I'm not having any problems therefore these people need to get their shit together." *Rolls eye's* Drew Harden https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fff14c9ec4b9b4966ae37554f13b373d9bfa270aa644c3e5ef01a5fca3723410.png Mine usually shuts down when the phone is pretty cold and then I turn the screen on and then it just dies. In the warmer weather it still dies with 15% every time though. If I start a Snapchat video below 20% it's instantly off. Dan Molina I haven't had a shut down at 60% but I get it at 25% pretty consistently. Bootloop is rare too; however, I do get random restarts usually while on a phone call. Danny Mestriner Good, maybe they will finally get off their lazy asses and treat us like actual customers. I also have the shutdown issue since Nougat. Philip Quach I've had the same issue even after factory reset. It's especially bad when the temperature outside is cold. I'm really disappointed with Huawei and Google about this. Artūras Rimonis Having the same issue. It always shuts down at 15% or even more. Cara Buttitta sometimes mine dies at 20% sometimes at 60%. just today my 6p was at 90%, I took one picture without the flash and it shut down. very frustrating David Perez Yes, it's been an issue since nougat, from what I recall. Both Nexus 6p devices I have suffered from increased battery drain, and sudden shutdown anywhere from 15 to 25%. Google points to Huawei, Huawei points to Google. I downgraded one device back to marshmallow. Battery drain is still pronounced, but at least no shutdown. I get my warning at 15% and can run until the single digits. John Adams Will die between 20-35% every time, also randomly restarts at around 50%. This phone has been plagued with bugs since release... Jordan Hindley https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0aef98131463828edbc4ecec53b90938738636b0a4ab26649126e2b51247d48d.png My device shuts down at lots of different battery percentages and won't reboot until i attach to a power source. It's a nightmare. MeanBeans I get that all the time as well even after I changed the battery Mike I Easy. Have Google make their own phones. Call them, oh, Pixel? I'm writing this on my lg5x with 7.1.2. Very happy with it, but will take 200 off coupon on the LG g6 against any and all future 5x claims. Seiga Is it safe to say I should utilize my Nexus protect? I too am suffering from this issue. CJ Nexus 6p start shutting down with 1 to 2 times a day, which increase to more than 10 times within 3 month..huwaei and Google blaming each other for issues..phone is under warranty, but can't do anything.. Miresnare Love my 6p. Never had an issue with it apart from the slo-mo on the camera. Wonderful device. Rob Paek My 6P shut off abruptly right after it gave me the 15% warning the other day. Other than that it has been freezing lately and forcing me to reboot. lance colton Suing is great and all, but every AMERICAN class action lawsuit does absolutely nothing for those of us that aren't in the USA. All the times Nvidia and Sony got sued for stuff they sold me that didn't work as advertised, I'm entitled to NOTHING. This phone is such garbage. Just got it back from the bootloop repair, and the battery starts dying at 20% left. Then 40%. Yesterday, 60%. WTF. I don't think it's Google's fault, though. They would have fixed the software if they can by now. More like Huawei built this thing out of garbage, so it actually needs to be replaced after a year. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/776a4957bbcf9a86578fe290eba3107f160fabf3d0d520adb81993f61d67cca0.png You wouldn't believe the trouble I had getting this thing in for repairs either. I bought it from my carrier so I can't deal with Google or Huawei. They do troubleshooting but for warranty I have to deal with 'Freedom mobile'. I have to go into a certain shopping mall and go to a specific kiosk that is a designated repair center. They refused to honor the terms of the warranty, specifically that the original bootloop repair gives me 90 days more warranty. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/735c6d189c2684ae884f4c97c0d443766058dfa8c7119577c26c17b6da30b031.png Even the Huawei website says it's under warranty for a few more days. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/63182bf80270d912f90486d64178eff22d06e6ef98c0bbc1b1c6fcad3b6f4c62.png I had to give up at the kiosk, go to my car, and phone 611. Talked to an idiot that wastes my time with irrelevant troubleshooting, then she tries to tell me the warranty is expired too. Ask for a supervisor. Same story, but she speaks better English. I argue with her that they need to honor the terms on their website, but she says I'm not understanding them. I refuse to give up, she finally places me on hold for 5 min, comes back, admits I'm correct. I still have 3 days warranty according to her now. She puts a note on the account, then I go back to the kiosk, tell the guy there to read the note and finally he calls his manager, and figures out how to process the claim. If they didn't glue the stupid thing together, I'd replace the battery myself. They choose to make it un-repairable, they can fix it. Jeremy Miethker that means its going to bootloop soon. that is what happened to me Cindy Up until the April 2017 update, I was experiencing this same issue. My Nexus 6P would die with as much as 23% battery life left. oscar acevedo Oh that explains why my phone unexpectedly shuts down from time to time. Nexus 6P v7.1.2 blenderboy People still buy google devices like Pixel. Consumers vote with their money. The moment you buy a device you are promoting the brand. I don't think there will be any outcome for this lawsuit. This is just a publicity stunt. Samsung hardware is great, software is shit. Google software is ok but hardware partners do not work properly with Google(initial supply, firmware updates, warranty replacements). I am waiting for Pixel(maybe in 2 yrs) after seeing how current Pixel owners are treated by Google. Apple hardware is great, software works as expected. I use Linux at home and without itunes it is difficult to use a iPhone. So only option for me is Android. Charles Jordan I have the Nexus 6P a lotnd I have no issues and it's all updated. ThEGr33k Sent mi e of for RMA in the UK they did a "software update" to android 7 and sent it back. Safe to say the early shutdown and terrible battery life is still here... Have sent an email asking for the battery to be replaced so see what i hear back... Felipe I had my 6P fallen into the bootloop problem, I was given a replacement as Huawei honored its 15 months warranty (even though the documentation everywhere says it has 12 months factory warranty, it in fact has 15 months, with Huawei, but NOT with Google, shame Google!). Now, I'm about to get this replacement unit and pray, really pray hard that nothing new appears with this phone. Even tough there are now reports of replaced phones crashing again into the bootloop bug and, recently that Android 7.1.2 final, screwed the fingerprint sensor. Many are not liking the way Google+Huawei (yes, both) is handling this crisis, which in fact is a major one. I think customers who spent lots of hard earned money should get a quality device which keeps on working well, even after its warranty period expired and, wheren there is a well known massive problem, the manufacturer(s) Hardware+Software should honor fixes or reimburses, despite the fact that there are now the Pixels phones. If my replacement phone fails, I'd be more than willing to participate in a class action suit. Jeremy Miethker my brothers replacement phone already went into bootloop 5 days after receiving it. my phone died last week. Jacob Kraniak I thought I was going crazy when I noticed my 6P constantly rebooting on it's own. At least now I know I'm not alone with htis issue. Hopefully they give us something back in return. Maybe a replacement? Hell, I'd rather just return it at this point and use whatever credit they give me towards a Pixel or OP3T. that's not to say I haven't loved the 6P of course. Alexander Dumo Ive had this issue since updating my 6P sometime this past December. We shouldn't have to live with charging our phone before it hits approx 15%-20% battery life. When that warning pops up, the phone just shuts down. Make no sense...please fix this Huawei/Google! Charles Constantine I reported shutdowns at battery levels of 20-60 percentage remaining and was given a list of things to do including a "factory reset" and then told to report back by Google Project fi support. ARDankar I am glad I did not upgrade to nougat yet. Keep me posted on any news regarding issues with the Nexus 6P. David Droddy The Goog replaced my 6P very quickly when I demonstrated the sudden shut down problem even in safe mode and after full factory reset. Why would you report that Google is not responsive to this issue? Seanmiz Yep, I've experienced both issues on my 6P. I got hit with the bootloop of death a few months ago, luckily still under warranty with Huawei and got a replacement. I get the early battery shutdown usually in the 10-20% range. prwnd https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd48abb593ae6c1dd226cbe06ba45cf7195abd40318303b2290ca9229846939e.png Biojoe Me too. Travis Coble Oddly enough, sometimes it shuts down early, and sometimes it's fine. However, given my use of it and constant recharging, I'm convinced that this will end up going nowhere because the problem is actually pretty normal for devices that are going on two years of age due to the use of LIon batteries. People claiming shutdown at 60%? I'd need to see it to believe it... maverick7526 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/3b98bc27cfb84fed5d59d503e403949c6d1cd50a18f37dd23dc58235aba80ad6.png It happens. It happened to me in Feb. It was very cold out and the phone just shut off, and would not turn on again until it was plugged into a charger. Brett Crowley Mine just hit a random boot loop and recovery mode is not working. Jeremy Miethker once it bootloops there is nothing you can do. it is now a cool paper weight Hussain Ahmadi I really hope they sue google for this. 6P keeps restarting without any reason, not to forget the excessive freezing issues. Google is getting very arrogant and need some spanking Hussain Ahmadi And of course this will be the last phone I've ever buy from google. Waiting eagerly for Note 8 mercado79 Yes, both issues. The battery issue was covered under warranty directly by Google. The bootloop issue occurred 1 month out of warranty and both companies told me there​ was nothing they could do for me. Marcin Nowak I had this issue since beginning of the year and Google forums just said wait for update. Finally contacted Google about it just last week feed up asking for help and they told me to F.off pretty much. zefred Got it. It started RIGHT after the one year mark. Contacted google AND Huawei, and was turned down by both. My N6p doesn't even last half a day with recharging. I need to carry extra external batteries everywhere with me, as well as a charge and cable, and the device is barely a year and a half old. NOT a happy camper :( 12321 Law360, Dallas (April 17, 2017, 5:29 PM EDT) -- Google Inc. and Huawei Technologies USA Inc. were hit with a putative class action in Texas federal court Friday over an allegedly defective smartphone, the Nexus 6P, which the user claims suffers from premature battery drainage. Plaintiff Alex Gorbatchev wants to represent a class of consumers who bought the Google Nexus 6P phones, which he says also suffer from a problem that sends the phone into a “death spiral” in which the phones suddenly switch off and then restart in what is referred to as an... https://www.law360.com/texas/articles/913933/class-hits-google-with-suit-over-defective-nexus-phones https://www.courthousenews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Bad-Cellphones.pdf Claude L Now it's getting worst with android 7.1.2. I was also experiencing early shutdown with my 6p when using 7.1.1. But now I'm unable to use my phone on a daily basis without having a early shutdown. Today again battery was at 20% and last week it happened at 37%. I was so happy when I bought my phone a year and a half ago because I was able to use it for the whole day without having to charge the battery... Now I have to carry a charger with me... It sucks theadb Anything we can do in Canada? Mine just shuts off randomly all the time. This is was a RMA from an older 6P that had massive battery issues. The guy I just spoke to said my original warranty was up in January this year and there was nothing he could do. This phone shuts down randomly all the time now. I've missed by alarm to wake up twice now because it just shuts off. Only way to power it back on is to go into bootloader and restart. adi sararu mine had his 20% dying today first time... and after reading above... my time to never touch google phones again :D Steve I had same battery problem with my 6p, rather than taking out a lawsuit against Google I just purchased a new battery and replaced it. Phone no longer has the issue, lawsuit closed Kyle Snider Phone shuts off early on me allllllll the time, does this lawsuit affect us in Canada? Adam Macias I'm suffering the premature battery death. I have yet to cross the boot loop issue though. God help me if I do. Jeremy Miethker well im a not so proud owner of a $800 dollar paper weight. i cant believe how this is being handled they want me to spend $550 to replace it than they will reimburse me. are you kidding me. however was wondering if this would happen again if i did get a new one? Jacob Lunsford My 6P shuts down with anywhere from 10-30% battery remaining. pi app my problem is the uber driver app stopped working on this phone about 2 weeks ago (same app was working fine on this phone for last 8 months). when i log into uber driver app on any other fine it works fine. a chinese person told me because huawei is a chinese company and they hate uber they may have done something to prevent the app from working on their phones. i was going to buy another nexus 6p to see if same problem occurs. then i will know. my battery's been fine with my phone. Svart Adam Solander My phone shutdown at around 20-25%. Quite annoying. sleepytinksy Also have this issue - phone shut down right before the gates opened for a soccer match and they only issued digital tickets, scan-able on the phone. As you can imagine, that was less than ideal. Panda without dark circle My 6p shut down at 35% or below when I travel to Japan on winter, I thought it was because of the cold. But when I back to Malaysia, it shut down at 60% or below, not every time but this scared me. :( And yes, it doesn't warning me at all, shut down without any sign. Ahmad Zaib I am from India and facing the same issue on my Nexus 6P. The Huawei customer care response has been that they are coming up with an official response soon. This has been the status since more than 3 weeks now. Anyone here, who knows what can we expect here or how do we proceed? Tom Z 71% (seventy-one percent) Shutdown! Mine just hit a new low (or high) with this issue. I just had mine shut down at 71% (seventy-one percent) remaining battery life. This is a very big problem. I was taking pictures when the phone just went into shut down. I couldn't get it to stay running until I connected power. This needs to be fixed! I'm on the latest version with April 2017 security updates. Tom boses Same issue here. I'm reaching the shutdown at about about 38% mark! I'm frustrated at Google's inaction! Jay Miller Mine has died anywhere from 43% to 15%. It is random battery percentage for the shutdown, but it always claims it is at 15% then shuts down. The minute you plug it in and turn it on, the battery percentage is what it really shut off at, and it is usually in the high 20's. So yesterday I tried something. I went to the factory images I had for my Nexus, and through ADB, I sent it "back in time" to Android 6.0 (original release firmware). I then put it to the test. I turned on the hotspot and started playing games that I know drain the battery. I got the warning at 15%....no shutdown. I continued further. I got a warning at 14%, at 12%, 10%, 5% and eventually it shutdown at 1%. I placed it on the charger and fired it up and it was "truly" at 1% battery. I haven't seen it fully drain in months. While the claim that new batteries work, it also appears that Google has work to do on their end as well. Reversing the firmware did work for me. However, the device wanted to update immediately. I accepted the security patch, but at this point in time I will refuse to upgrade back to Nougat if I can gain the full use of my phone without it shutting off prematurely. Here is my log: Firmware I was on 05/03/2017 at 11 AM Eastern US time: N2G47H (April 2017 Security Patch) Firmware I reversed it to on 05/03/2017 at 12 PM Eastern US time: MDA89D (September 2015) Firmware after accepting most recent security patch OTA on 05/03/2017 at 6:45 PM Eastern US time: MTC19T (Android 6.0.1 but security is May 2016) Mister Sonny I'm having the early shutdown issue, for me it's consistently at around 25% battery life. This is made worse by the fact that I have an accessory almost always connected (Fitbit Blaze) NumbGrip I've been having this problem since about 6 weeks ago and it started completly out of nowhere Vince Romeo I've encountered the boot loop problem on 6p after <18 mo. Occasionally sudden shutdowns before that happened. My wife's phone is ~19+ and has sudden shutdown issues. Darshan Jain I am facing the same bootloop issue and my phones warranty has expired and Huawei and Google refused to help Shailla Chand My phone will be fresh off the charger at 100% and shut down within 15 minutes. Talk about frustrating.. Gerbil My 6p has been losing power at alarming rate always with Android system and Android OS at the top. Then it began randomly shutting down an demanding to be charged after sending a notification my battery hit 0% when I was well above 40% and failed to detect my SIM card for about 3 hours. I down own a power bank so I'm really suffering here as my phone dies midday and I can't use it for the latter half of the day. chesterbr Now that you mention... I (a no-bootloop-but-frequent-shutdown-at-30% Nexus 6P user) had a couple failures on SIM card detection. Not sure how long they lasted, removing and reinserting seemed to have done the trick... keeps one wondering... :-/ rpeltz My Nexus 6p shuts down when the battery drops below 49 percent. This can happen in as little as an hour of idle time and the phone is just over 1 year old. Cassy Forrester I had the shut off issue. It was shutting off at 99% after a couple of weeks of only shutting off at 48% and below. Still ridiculous. Anyway, I bought it through Newegg so I had to deal with huawei.. biggest fucking pain in the ass. We waited 22 days for a shipping label. Called on a thursday and they said by Monday it would be emailed. Still didn't come. Called again and they said another few days. Didn't come. Called AGAIN and after 5 hours of being on the phone (that day alone.. 15 hours total), they sent the email with the label. I sent it in and like 4 business days later it was returned.. same phone I sent it.. doesn't shut off anymore.. BUT they told us it was a software issue and that they couldn't fix the phone so they would have to replace it. Clearly they didn't replace it but it doesn't shut off so that's good right? Well no. Now my phone is not charging if I use it while it's on the charger... Also, I get the warning when it boots that it can't be checked for corruption. Fuck these people. Fuck this phone. My warranty was up by the time they sent the label but they did say they are taking phone's after warranty because they are having so many issues with this phone.. (also why they took so long to help me) Well no wonder they're taking them! They are only half ass fixing them. So if a half ass fix is worth it to you, call them. They might help. This is the US in case that helps. iRulLezZ My 6p shutted down with full battery and restarted all the time ! Nothing happes ! Pghgeek My 6p has the issue. Powers off before battery is low. Won't tun back on until connect to a charger then shows 40 to 60% battery. Have to use another phone. Don Smith My 6p purchased 11/2015 has been the most fantastic phone i've ever had but hey. Now i noticed that i never get the battery saver time. Then i researched. my phone is shutting down at 56% batter. Of course there is no warning that this is coming. So it's only useful if i'm plugged in at home, the car or traveling with my anker battery pack, Thank you anker. My exeperience with trying the warranty once is that it's worse than worthless. Details for file a clain, time passes then a letter that your claim is denied. Seems rediculous. Better to know you don't have warranty than wast your money only to be frustrated. I'm ready to give up on android and an unreliable beta company. but add me to the list of sabotaged 6p lovers. Kelly Kay Mine shuts down at 25% without fail. Robert Hynes I still have the shutdown issue....anywhere from 60 to 20%. Unlikely I will get a pixel or other Google device unless there is a fix. Maybe we just need a more high profile device like a Samsung in order to get noticed. Jeffrey Huston I started experiencing this for the first time on my Nexus 6p shortly after installing Android 7.1.2. It can happen anywhere from 20% to even 60%, and happens multiple times daily. I've had the phone for probably a year and am generally always on the latest Android version. I don't think it started immediately; might have started a week after installing 7.1.2. I initially blamed an app or a Google play services update, but I've been factory resetting my phone three times now, each time reinstalling and updating fewer and fewer things to see if it would stop happening. It hasn't stopped yet. My next step was going to be factory resetting and doing zero app installs and updates (then it's basically just a phone, gross), but then I stumbled on this article. Now I'll probably skip that next factory reset and see if Google will send me a new phone. Hans Breda I contacted Google Support about this issue. They were very cooperative and are sending me a replacement! Hope this will solve the problem. chesterbr I did not have the bootloop, but phone would shutdown anywhere below 30%. After reading some experiences here I got my battery replaced at a local shop (Mobile Klinik in Toronto, CAD$ 60 plus tax, service done in 1-hour, no data loss or anything), and the problem is GONE: phone goes down to 1% at a steady pace. Normal usage gives me an entire day, just like it did when I purchased it. I'll be sad if a class action lawsuit earns something (not for the money, but for the principle), but it seems it will give my phone at least another year of life (heck, possibly more, this phone is a beast). But I'll hardly ever buy Google (or Huawei) again - this is not how you handle such issues. ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 115 queries | 0.384s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Menu Topics Business Impact Connectivity Intelligent Machines Rewriting Life Sustainable Energy 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Video Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Business Impact Jim Hackett’s Toughest Job Yet: Leading Ford into the Driverless Era An industry outsider will help Ford navigate an altered car industry and compete with the likes of Google and Uber. by Doron Levin May 26, 2017 Ford Motor Co. this week tapped Jim Hackett—a former office furniture chief executive who has been running its ride- and vehicle-sharing division since March 2016—to assume leadership of the company. Recommended for You Google Now Tracks Your Credit Card Purchases and Connects Them to Its Online Profile of You Drug Is First to Treat Cancer Based on Genetics, Not Location The World’s Largest Wind Turbines Have Started Generating Power in England Electric Cars Could Be Cheaper Than Internal Combustion by 2030 Why Google’s CEO Is Excited About Automating Artificial Intelligence Hackett’s assignment: to transform the 114-year-old automaker from a company that designs and sells vehicles driven by their owners into one that makes autonomous vehicles (see “What to Know Before You Get In a Self-Driving Car”). Today carmakers sell to individual drivers through an extensive network of dealers, which makes profits both selling and servicing cars. In a world of self-driving vehicles, individuals could stop buying cars, and instead use fleets owned and operated by a third party. Ford and its competitors could become the manufacturer and third-party owner, a seller of rides as well as vehicles. Hackett, 62, lands the job right as the auto industry seems on the verge of a cyclical downturn in sales following six straight years of unit-sales increases, and following several years of poor stock performance for the company. Unlike the man he is replacing—Mark Fields, a 28-year Ford veteran who guided the automaker for less than three years—Hackett does not have a conventional résumé for an auto industry chief executive. He is best known for running Grand Rapids, Michigan-based Steelcase Inc., once a maker of desks and filing cabinets. He gained a reputation in Silicon Valley as a creative thinker skilled at leading comprehensive organizational change, and attracted the attention of Bill Ford Jr., the automaker’s executive chairman. After Steelcase he spent 17 months as interim athletic director at the University of Michigan—where he had played football under the legendary Bo Schembechler—overhauling a struggling football program. Though driverless technology is under Ford research and development and the direction of Ken Washington, Ford’s new chief technical officer, during Hackett’s time as chairman of the mobility business he became more familiar with the technological challenges of automated driving. In February, he praised Ford’s commitment to acquire and invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo.ai, a small artificial intelligence startup created by former leaders in driverless tech at Uber and Google. Related Story What to Know Before You Get In a Self-driving Car Uber thinks its self-driving taxis could change the way millions of people get around. But autonomous vehicles aren’t any­where near to being ready for the roads. The move acknowledged that Ford, which has hundreds of its own people working on autonomous driving, needed still more talent in the driverless category and was willing to spend aggressively to get it. “The problem we have to solve—and there won’t be many bigger than this—is about picking large amounts of data, blades of grass being collected by a lawn mower traveling at 70 miles per hour, and organizing and making sense of all of it. It’s a much harder problem than the world realizes,” Hackett said at the time. Building a business model for this new era will be tricky. Bolstered by its F Series pickup truck, Ford has been solidly profitable for the past three years, with revenue reaching $141.5 billion in 2016. Now Ford must also find a way not to be left behind Google and others that are moving quickly to develop driverless technology. In the same way that Hackett deciphered the changes in workplace culture and how those changes affected furniture design and manufacturing, he must define and convey the vision of future mobility solutions to Ford’s 200,000 workers, partners, and dealers and the impact on future products and services. Subscribe to Weekend Reads Our guide to stories in the archives that put technology in perspective. Sign Up Thank you — please check your email to confirm your subscription. Incorrect email format Manage your newsletter preferences “Dealers see a lot of money being spent on things like artificial intelligence and never hear what that means,” says one dealer, who requested his name not be used. “Is Ford creating cars that won’t need service, electrical vehicles that have far fewer moving parts? What does all this mean to me, a dealer?” Scott Cook, cofounder of software maker Intuit, says that at Steelcase Hackett displayed the ability to instill “design thinking” in engineers. Many customers were new economy companies trying to create “work spaces” rather than conventional offices and cubicles. Under Hackett, Steelcase bought a majority of IDEO, a west coast design firm founded by David Kelley, a celebrated Stanford professor, and eventually convinced Steve Jobs to buy furniture for Apple Inc.’s iPhone headquarters from Steelcase. Changes in the office furniture business and other workplace trends forced an immense reorganization at Steelcase. Companies began requesting “open office” plans designed to encourage more collaboration among employees. Workers became increasingly mobile, spending time away from the office. Then came the recession and a drop in corporate spending. Related Story Ford CEO Explains Why It’s Hard to Build Self-Driving Cars Mark Fields, the head of Ford, says cars that can drive themselves may need to learn some more human traits. Eventually Hackett cut 57 of the company’s work locations and 12,000 jobs—including one held by a friend who served as best man at his wedding. He delivered that pink slip in person, meeting with many others to commiserate and to discuss life and work post-exit, often amid tears. “A lot of people had to leave, and yet I was trying to make the case that if we aren’t modern, we are going to be dead,” Hackett said at the time of his retirement in 2014 about the message of a speech he had made in 2004. The strategy worked. Steelcase remains in operation today, its stock well up from its lows. Last week, Ford said it plans to cut 1,400 jobs from its salaried workforce in an effort to adjust to the market’s expected decline and to boost a sagging stock price. "We need to be quicker in our decision making ... have clarity in our messaging and communication, and also need a leader who's transformed a company before," Bill Ford said at a press conference on Monday morning.  Last August, the Dearborn, Michigan-based company announced the investment in a number of startups related to driverless tech and the “intention to deliver a high-volume, fully autonomous vehicle for ride sharing in 2021.” But competition in this space is high from traditional car companies such as GM, Toyota, and Fiat Chrysler, and also from a whole new set of competitors: Tesla, Lyft, Uber, Google’s Waymo, and Intel’s Mobileye as well as suppliers like Continental, Delphi Automotive and Bosch (see “Ford CEO Explains Why It’s Hard to Build Self-Driving Cars”). Under Hackett, Ford must step up its recruitment of scarce talent to a workforce that increasingly will be comprised of software engineers, experts in artificial intelligence, digital mapping specialists, and those with proficiency in sensing devices such as radar, lidar, and cameras—all components of driverless technology. And the newcomers must integrate harmoniously with those already working in the more conventional skills of building and designing vehicles. Normally when a company buys creative talent, that talent eventually drains away, notes Cook. But after Hackett’s purchase of IDEO, its star, David Kelley, stayed. “Jim has a track record of being able to work with high talent,” says Cook. “He leads from the positive.” Tech Obsessive? Become an Insider to get the story behind the story — and before anyone else. Subscribe today Tagged Ford Motor Co., driverless cars, self-driving cars, Jim Hackett, Bill Ford, Mark Fields, autonomous driving, EmTech MIT 2017, MIT Technology Review Events Credit Photography by JEFF HAYNES | Getty Doron Levin Guest Contributor READ COMMENTS Please read our commenting guidelines. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Subscribe Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Recommended for You Google Now Tracks Your Credit Card Purchases and Connects Them to Its Online Profile of You Drug Is First to Treat Cancer Based on Genetics, Not Location The World’s Largest Wind Turbines Have Started Generating Power in England Electric Cars Could Be Cheaper Than Internal Combustion by 2030 Why Google’s CEO Is Excited About Automating Artificial Intelligence More from Business Impact How technology advances are changing the economy and providing new opportunities in many industries. Episode 1: Adam Foss and Jessica Brillhart A prosecutor wants to use data to inform outcomes in the criminal justice system in the United States. And a virtual-reality filmmaker explains what she thinks the medium is and isn’t for. by Kyanna Sutton He Built the Xbox—Can He Make a Microsoft Product Out of Quantum Computing? Todd Holmdahl says that starting from behind won’t keep Microsoft from winning the race to commercialize quantum computing. by Tom Simonite Uber Freight Is the First Step to Automating Away Truckers First: matching haulers to jobs. Next: leveraging that network to build out fleets of autonomous 18-wheelers. by Jamie Condliffe More from Business Impact From Our Advertisers In partnership with Hewlett Packard Enterprise A Field Guide to Digital Transformation In partnership with Hewlett Packard Enterprise A Fireside Chat: Unlocking the Power of Hybrid, Flexible IT In partnership with Google Cloud Machine Learning: The New Proving Ground for Competitive Advantage Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe and become an Insider. Insider Premium {! insider.prices.premium !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Our award winning magazine, unlimited access to our story archive, special discounts to MIT Technology Review Events, and exclusive content. {! insider.buttons.premium.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience First Look. Exclusive early access to stories. Insider Conversations. Listen in as our editors talk to innovators from around the world. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* Best Value {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience Insider Basic {! insider.prices.basic !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Six issues of our award winning magazine and daily delivery of The Download, our newsletter of what’s important in technology and innovation. {! insider.buttons.basic.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Custom Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2017 v.|eiπ| / You've read all of your free articles this month. This is your last free article this month. You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe now or log in for unlimited online access.
PhoneDog Android And Me TodaysiPhone NEW Call T-Mobile at (855) 668-8976 TmoNews Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more Navigation Home Submit News 700MHz LTE map Upcoming Phones HOT TOPICS: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LG V20 Google Pixel Extended Range LTE Android 7.0 Nougat You are here: Home > T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming May 24, 2017 Alex Wagner 84 Comments Yesterday T-Mobile CEO John Legere teased that T-Mo had multiple announcements coming up, and today a couple of them have been made. Starting May 31st, T-Mobile will kick off its #GetOutoftheRed promotion to help Verizon customers switch to T-Mo. Verizon customers in good standing with their carrier can get their iPhone or Google Pixel paid off by T-Mobile when they switch to T-Mobile and sign up for T-Mobile One, and they can keep their existing device. The phones that qualify for this promotion include the iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Google Pixel, and Google Pixel XL. T-Mobile says that these devices were selected because “phones need certain software to be globally compatible, and some phones don’t yet have that software.” Magenta does say that it’s working with unspecified device makers to make more phones compatible with this promotion. Additionally, Verizon customers switching to T-Mobile must add T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan to their device to qualify. This insurance plan costs $15 per month and includes protection against loss, theft, and accidental damage, McAfee ID Protection, McAfee Content Protection, and other features. T-Mobile says that it’ll pay Verizon customers that take advantage of this promotion with a digital prepaid MasterCard card that typically arrives within 15 days. While this #GetOutoftheRed promotion is focused on Verizon customers (because VZW phones are unlocked), T-Mobile is doing something for AT&T and Sprint subscribers, too. Starting on May 31st, AT&T and Sprint customers can switch to T-Mobile and get their existing device paid off when they buy a new phone from T-Mobile on EIP. And unlike Carrier Freedom, those customers won’t be forced to trade in their existing device. Finally, T-Mobile says that starting tomorrow, May 25th, T-Mobile One customers with at least two voice lines can get two additional lines of service for the price of one. The cost of the second line will be offset by a bill credit. Source: T-Mobile Tags: AT&T, Get Out of the Red, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone SE, John Legere, Sprint, Verizon About Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Arsenal, beer, video games. Can be found on Twitter at @alw. View all posts by Alex Wagner → ← T-Mobile Galaxy S6 edge+ update includes security patches, intermittent call failure fix T-Mobile increases deprioritization threshold to 32GB → resource Bill credits, run for your life! (J²) Right… I’d found that the system doesn’t consistently apply these. TylerCameron Yeah their billng process it’s horrible Steve_NYC So true. I actually considered moving to the T-Mobile One Plan even though it would have cost me more money, just to get away from the insanity of their bill credit process. I finally got things straightened out, but I am sure it will be a problem in the future. It’s gotten to the point that I think it’s deliberate. Mike I had a free line from November that I had to call in every month. to get credit. They finally fixed it to be automatic this month. best part I got extra bill credits for months since last November and my bill is now negative so I didn’t have to make a payment this month. Al William So in order to get the free line, you need to have at least a total of 4 voice lines? Corey Jalette You need to have 2 voice lines to get this promo, which you get 2 lines for the price of 1. So in total you end up woth 4 lines, 1st 2 have to be voice, the 2 you’re adding could be whatever you want. So if you’re on the 2/100 plan right now if you add 2 tablets it would be 120 a month (20 per tablet but 1 is free) or if you add 2 voice lines it would be 140 (40 for adding a 3rd line then 4th is free) Al William Thanks for the clarification! So minimum 2 voice lines and the other 2 could be voice or data. I just wish they get rid of these bill credits. Sometimes it’s such a nightmare. Corey Jalette It can be yes but that’s how pretty much everything is done. Just like they had a free line deal in march it’s listed on my account as a free line on us but I still get the charge on my bill, but it’s auto credited. The only time it wasn’t was the first month because I added it before the end of the billing cycle. Cost $49 but they also credited my account manually that one time. Haven’t had an issue since. AWasserberg7 This article mentions Magenta. What *is* Magenta? Is that some cute term of affection for T-Mobile? kev2684 Are you serious? It’s their brand color. VZW = Red AT&T = Blue T-Mobile = Magenta Sprint = Yellow Nobody Special Cricket (umm, green) lol Genecio MetroPCS= Purple Black&Orange= Boost The Waz Just confirmed by T-Force that if you have a 2 for 100 plus a “this ones on us promo” giving you total 3 lines, you will lose your free line if you take advantage of the promotion of 2 for 1 tomorrow. They stated that they have to move you to a different Tmobile One plan….makes no sense since there is only 1 plan…… Corey Jalette This is ONLY if you’re adding a voice line people. If you’re adding tablet/smartwatch/mobile Internet plans that doesn’t affect your phone plan promo of 2/100. Corey Jalette Add 2 tablets with unlimited data on your plan for $20/month. They frequently have a free tablet promo with qualifying data plan. Snatch those up and you’re golden. The Waz Yes this will affect both. IF you have the 2 for 100 and the “this one is on us” free line….you will lose both promotions…confirmed with t force and John directly. J Gerard Yeah! Let’s switch to T-MOBILE because we want to not be able to make phone calls half the time, and not have a signal to look something up when we actually need it. Oh yeah, and to not be able to upload pictures of something fun that we’re doing until we’re at home connected to WiFi later that night or the next day. Before any of you “magenta” fans TRIES to defend them… I’ve been a Verizon customer for about 12 years except for 6 months last year, when I switched because of crappy TMobile’s cheap prices and convincing (misleading) advertising. It was HORRIBLE. I used to get pissed and call them to ask why I could never get a signal. After 6 months, I finally admitted to myself that it was a ridiculous mistake and switched back to The Red! NEVER any issues with Verizon’s service. Never. “Magenta” is only good at talking a big game. If anyone’s thinking about switching to T-Mobile, DON’T DO IT. They are the worst. Go to any other carrier. Doesn’t have to be Verizon. kev2684 It’s all about location, location, location. Just because your area is bad, doesn’t mean everybody will have the same problem as you. J Gerard … EXCEPT that I live in a city. Oh, and Verizon’s coverage is flawless here. I happen to also know (through friends) that AT&T and Sprint are good here, too. Oh, but it’s all about location, location, location. Weak argument. T-Mobile just sucks! There’s a reason it’s so CHEAP! Austin8480 … OK JGerard. Next time, PLEASE use all capital letters to truly get YOUR point across. What I find PATHETIC is that you are a die hard Verizon turd in a TMobile blog. Oh wait, I meant Verizon TURD. Forgot to emphasize that. NOBODY in this room gives a flying —- about your opinion because you slummed it for 6 months and went to Magenta and it was as big of a mistake as…well, I will let you figure it out. J Gerard You were so busy typing a 3rd grade level post that you forgot to make a point. Here’s one for you: T-Mobile is inferior to almost all other carriers. Austin8480 If T-Mobile is so inferior, why are you even giving this blog the time of day. Are you upset that no kids want to hop in your van and eat your chocolate, so you are going to take out your frustrations on the inferior wireless network? thepanttherlady *Tip* Starbursts don’t melt :D theseanteam The hate is strong in this one. Those six months must have really scarred you or something. When you say almost all other carriers, which ones are you referring to? There are only four major carriers after all. And actually, that argument about location is a pretty strong one. T-Mobile’s network is the fastest in many locations, but can be really poor (or even non-existent) in others. The same can be said about everyone–including Verizon. Every carrier has their strong and weak areas. For someone to deny such would have to either be 1) ignorant 2) biased beyond belief or 3) troll. yankeesusa Yea, it still amazes me that people complain about coverage and then lump everyone else in america as having the same coverage, like we all live in the same area. Oh well. People never learn. I’m just happy tmobile works for me and that my data speeds are the highest iv’e ever had. At my house i’m getting close to 100megs almost every time. But hey i guess that’s not good enough for some. thepanttherlady I moved to Crestline a couple of weeks ago. No service. :'( kev2684 I had to google where that is lol :D Yeah it’s rural Ohio but I suppose Band 12 is coming? I’ve seen sightings on Band 12 in Jacksonville, FL lately as well as other parts of the country it’s currently not available. They’re probably working on it at the moment. thepanttherlady Sorry, I should have been more specific. It’s Crestline, CA. I made the same mistake when I called a county office but only Googled Crestline. Guy was really confused as they don’t have my address there. Took me a minute to figure out he was in Ohio. LOL kev2684 You’re literally live in a mountain! Views must be spectacular! thepanttherlady Some of them really are. :) Zacamandapio Verizon here we gooooooo. By the way, we went to Lake Gregory. :) thepanttherlady I’m literally 7 minutes from there. Went there 2 weekends ago to check it out. Water level is a little on the low side. Met a couple that same night that said they’d drained it for some reason and cited “water politics” because I guess the locals aren’t happy about it. Drove up from the Hesperia side this past Saturday and got to see Lake Silverwood. Will have to check it out this summer. Nice drive but hated seeing so many dead trees. :( ETA: I had to get Frontier (Verizon) internet so I could actually use my cell phone. What really sucks is: 1. I literally just got a hotspot through T-Mobile a month ago when they were offering another free line. It’s unusable. 2. I now HAVE to buy phones that have WiFi calling. Blah! thepanttherlady From the day we moved in 5/7: http://imgur.com/UQHsBZF http://imgur.com/t9Z64Q3 http://imgur.com/tm7ReiU And the lake :) http://imgur.com/1YUxwV9 http://imgur.com/tnGMcoq http://imgur.com/zhY16YK http://imgur.com/eaXr58H http://imgur.com/JO9BHJW Sharti24 Who will you be switching to? thepanttherlady I’m not switching. Yet anyway. I lose service 1/2 way up (or down) the mountain so I’ll probably have to get a very cheap pre-paid service/phone for emergencies in case I break down. Not all turnouts have a call box. I still work in Orange County and T-Mobile works fine most places I go. If it starts to be a problem then I’ll have to consider my options. Sharti24 Have tmobile send you a range extender. Not the one you plug into the internet but the one that has two boxes that boosts signal Berzerker Yeah, if you live in Bumblefuck, Montana, don’t switch. Greg Piller Shoot, I just signed up in Montana for TMO. Guess I’m “bumblefucked” lol. I have traveled to every state and been in EVERY U.S. major city multiple times living in every timezone and 11 states. My goodness you have a warped idea of “crap state”. Montana is paradise partner. You have to be from either NYC or California with that f’ed up mentality. He is right & not just in “crap” places but a lot of places like Chicago, IL where I was born and raised. Verizon & AT&T ARE better, Considerably better now in most places but TMO is gaining on them quickly & may reach parity in a few years. When THAT happens if TMO is still competitive, one would have to be a lunatic to stay with AT&T or Verizon. Berzerker …lol. I never said Montana was a “crap state.” It’s the easiest thing to think of when you think of wilderness where you won’t have service for miles. I could have picked a bunch of states, but Montana has, IIRC, the smallest habitation of humans to state ratio, behind Alaska of course. Easy target. Greg Piller To me 4 lines for $120 with TMO is enough of a savings to ditch AT&T. Verizon & AT&T and some of their customers can be arrogant & I think John Legere is one helluva CEO. I can pick up a burner sim with AT&T’s Cricket when I travel a bit and use it until TMO improves in Montana & then it’s sianara to ATT. Happy to be back with TMO. I was formerly a customer since the Voicestream days but when I moved west couldn’t keep them. Their coverage improvement in Montana & the nation as a whole with him at the helm has been nothing short of INCREDIBLE. I hope if the Sprint deal happens Legere is retained as CEO. mreveryphone Hummm… I travel the country for my job and I rarely have issues with T-Mobile… Is it perfect?? No… But no carrier is.. Verizon worked out for you, that’s great. T-Mobile works for millions, that’s also great. But this butt hurt rant is ridiculous and pure comedy! J Gerard “butt hurt rant” is kind of a dumb way to describe what I’m saying. But, I’ll consider the source, eh? Do you know ANYONE who thinks that T is better than V? Nope. So, the difference between us is that I choose to have a better service and I’m willing to pay a little more for it. You are cheap, and you’re willing to have an inferior service because it’s cheaper. That’s it. You know Verizon is better than T-Mobile Francisco Peña Anyone switching carriers should NEVER just switch without taking advantage of the initial return period. I was with VZW for yrs myself. Loved it, with my UDP that was grandfathered. Even went through one wave of price hikes to stay. Then the wife wanted a non-feature phone, and the price hike for her would have boosted out then $108 monthly payment, to $160 once we got a basic data plan, her line access fee (joke) and a new phone. So I looked into TMo. I purposely bought a phone the yr before that worked with Tmo and VZW (moto X DE) and signed up for one line of TMo, switched my Moto to Tmo and reactivated an older LTE phone I had back on VZW. Then I went around for a week doing speed tests everywhere I went. Stuck in traffic? speed test. Both side by side on the seat. Mall? yup, side by side in my hands. Work? yup. Home? yup. I hated VZW at work because my Moto could never get a signal inside the building, which caused my battery to die quickly each day. TMo? got a strong signal. Home, both were weak, but about the same. Driveway? same. So after 10 days, I went in to TMo and switched. Got 2 new phones (had a deal on G4s then) and was spending $140 for 2 lines/10GB each (was the $100/2L/10GB deal) with those phones. Has it been perfect? no. Has it been enough to switch back? no. After some finagling, got a $70 plan with 6GB each for 2 lines. Then have gotten a free line on top of that.. so now I pay $130 for 3 lines, with 6GB each (two don’t come close, mine has Stash so I’m good) and 2 new G6 phones. So for the price, its awesome. Can I deal with some poor service on the outskirts of town? sure. Oh, that Moto X? got it on the 3rd line… theseanteam I don’t think anyone has ever claimed that T-Mobile has better coverage than Verizon, but the point is it has the same quality of coverage in many places. Where I live, T-Mobile has equal coverage and faster speeds. It might not be like that for you, as everyone’s experience will vary. I’m sure if others suffered with bad service, they would switch carriers as well. But your superiority complex is just silly. mreveryphone I know plenty of people that think T-Mobile is better than VW… And I know people that think the opposite, it depends where you live. The service was inferior for you but not for me by any means… I appreciate the cheap name calling, I’ll be cheap all day if it means saving money but getting better service FOR ME… I’ve had service in buildings where others on VW had 0, I’ve smoked people on VW in data speeds tests so I’ll be cheap all day long!! Lol Vazaha There’s an unwritten agreement when you join T-Mobile that you will refrain from living in or going to crappy places. If you live in a decent place T-Mobile is fine. If T-Mobile sucks in your area, you know why :). Vazaha But seriously, I’m always envious of ATT and V when I go to crap places. tranceformer978 Why are you going to crap places? Melissa Cardenas Well what the hell are you doing on this website then? This is a T-Mobile forum obviously most people on here have T-Mobile and they Happy with it so they ain’t gonna listen to you . T-Mobile did not work in my old house so i had Verizon. Now in my new house Verizon don’t work at all and i had to get T-Mobile again because T-Mobile works here fine , So no carrier is perfect. It all depends on location!! J Gerard I get tech news alerts on my phone and things like this come up sometimes and I click on them. I believe that’s allowed! Apparently, what’s not allowed here is proper grammar and punctuation. I almost had to have your post translated in order to read it, but I figured it out eventually. Where did you go to school? Melissa Cardenas What ever im in a hurry and didn’t have time to spell check .But seriously don’t change the subject i don’t get why people like you come talk trash on a T-Mobile forum. ?? Makes no sense haha . And what ever im PRETTY sure you understood fine what i wrote in my first comment. Bull that you almost had to get it translated. Omar Boyer Melisa hes just being an idiot haha i understood perfectly well your first post. And i see they gave u some thumbs up on that first post so others also understood you no need to translate it . Ignore this lowlife with nothing to do. If he wants to stop making an Azz out of himself he should just block the notifications he gets from here. Melissa Cardenas i have better things to worry about ;) omar. And like you said he should just turn off notifications from here then. Eric Harlow Don’t give J Gerard the satisfaction in getting a reaction out of you and allow him to control the situation don’t dumb down to his level Eric Harlow Get off Melissa Cardenas butt about grammar here. This is a forum! Not a college message board or an college English Composition course. T-mobile has improved drastically within the last 3 years. T-mobile works for me out here in San Diego and in my future home in Missoula, Montana. I have mental disabilities that I got serving in The US Navy for twenty years and I dislike your comments towards Melissa Cardenas. This is a T-mobile fan website to discuss peacefully about T-mobile, so get your BIG RED DUMB AND DUMBER ASS OUT OF HERE. Haze1nut English is a 3rd language for me, behind French and Portuguese. Correct my grammar for me, will you. It obviously makes you feel superior. Ascertion You think everyone that switches to T-Mobile can’t “Make calls half of the time”? You’re out of your mind! Tony Chen agreed, t mobile has gained millions of customers each quarter. if the drop calls were so bad why would t mobile gain 100% of new customers agaIN? another blockbuster quarter by t mobile. moonoverparma Funny, I’ve never had a problem. Nobody Special Several years ago i had a verizon phone (when the iphone’s came out they were the only one that were selling them with unlimited data at that time) and i had T-Mobile flip phone that i was using to make international calls. I have to admit, Verizon was more reliable than T-Mobile during my cell phone usage. I chose T-mobile over Verizon because of many reasons…. but it was never due to their coverage, because their coverage was horrible… but since then their coverage has improved. But i switched primarily due to the inexpensive international calls. That was a deal breaker for me, i was content with the terrible coverage with anticipation that they would improve their service. and with Verizon i was paying around $89 dollars for unlimited data and text and 450 minutes of voice calls. my tmobile line (from what i can remember) was around $78 dollars for unlimited talk and text and data. But fastforward to today, I have 5 Unlimited Everything (data/text/voice) lines with unlimited international calling (mobile+landlines) and international text for a low cost of $110 plus taxes and fees. Believe me i checked, Verizon or AT&T have nothing in comparison to what i have with T-Mobile. And i am not bashing you or Verizon at all, Verizon does have a more reliable coverage area but in the end i sided with T-Mobile over Verizon. If Verizon ever came up with incredible deals like T-Mobile has been doing almost every month i wouldnt turn down a great opportunity. RECAP: Verizon “Better Coverage” T-Mobile “Better Prices” It all boils down to what are you comfortable with. Im comfortable with crappy coverage. And My T-Mobile calls do drop often, but what i do is (i press redial) GOTCHA :) Gust OK so here’s the deal. In the morning when you wake up if you have T-Mobile you have to get up take a shower have breakfast shave go outside of your house in other to make a phone call. If you have AT&T or Verizon in the morning when you wake up you can reach for your cell phone and make a phone call. It is that simple. But you know what I have T-Mobile because over one year it saves me about $200 as compared to AT&T or Verizon. So I put up with the crap! Timothy Poplaski T-Mobile supports WiFi calling. You don’t have home WiFi? DM725 How do you not have wifi calling enabled? Maybe you need to buy a phone from the last 2 years… (My Motorola Nexus 6 Supported Wifi Calling….) Phone Guy All lies. So funny, yet sad. yankeesusa LOL, not everyone lives where you live and have bad coverage with tmobile. 4 years ago i would have never used tmobile, now i no longer have sprint and got rid of my verizon line because tmobile is great for me where i live and work. I just recently drove across florida,georgia,nc and tennesse and had no issues. I was able to test it side by side with an att phone and the whole time both phones had coverage except up in the smokies near newfound gap where no one has signal. Don’t lump everyone in the same pile just because it doesn’t work for you. DM725 LoL, where the hell do you live? J Gerard Ha! Oh, I promise you I don’t feel like an idiot surrounded by people who work themselves up into a breathless rant trying to defend a crappy service. gmo8492 Crappy for who exactly, churn has gone down to record lows and T-Mobile has over 73 million subs, so if it doesn’t work out you can switch. Brad C It’s not for everyone, but has worked damn well for me for 12yrs.. I *actually* tried Verizon a few months ago, and came back after two weeks after awful LTE performance JG You’re cracking me up reading your comments! I have TMo and put up with their spotty coverage because I’m paying less per month staying with them. I can admit that. There is alot I enjoy about TMo, but dropped calls and dead zones IS a reality. I have a band 12 phone in metro PHX. Not sure why others feel the need to berail someone who doesn’t agree with them just for argument’s sake. Timothy Poplaski Because you aren’t saying, “Bad coverage in PHX”, you’re saying “Bad coverage”. I can drive for at least an hour in any direction and have solid coverage. It all depends on where you live, and you’re phone. Even phones with band 12 won’t all have the same results because some phones get better reception than others. So, I won’t even argue about coverage in PHX. Never been there, likely never will, so it just doesn’t matter to me. My excellent coverage probably doesn’t matter to you. It’s all about where you use your phone. navi harriram Dude you could of tested the network out on a $10 weekly plan or $3 daily. You don’t buy cell phone service every day so do the work. The sales rep just wants a commission check so they’ll say anything to get you to switch. That’s why I don’t work for wireless companies anymore. Too much bull to deal with yankeesusa Not everyone is defending a company that may or may not work depending on where you live. But many people actually do research and pick a company that specifically works for your needs depending on your area. I had verizon and sprint before tmobile and i have never ever gotten the speeds i get now not to mention i have great coverage ‘WHERE I LIVE”, YOU SEE, that’s the important thing, i researched and made sure it worked for me. I don’t just blindly select a company just because their commercial says so. Screamin That’s strange because T-Mobile has been #1 in customer service AND satisfaction for well over 2 years now… and yes, that includes coverage. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) I am thinking about switching to Verizon due to poor coverage. In San Diego area I get one to bars. I moved from Minnesota and T-mobile coverage in MN is excellent there with all bars. In San Diego it’s very poor in some areas. When iPhone 8 is release I am switching to Verizon. I love T-mobile plans but coverage in my area is poor. Sharti24 Agreed. On base (32nd street) forget about tmobile coverage. sprint excels on 32nd. go over to corando island its even worse! just throw your phone over board. no tmobile coverage on the air base at all. im using an iphone 6s Band 12 which is deployed in SD yankeesusa I agree, if in your area tmobile is not good and is affecting productivity or just not letting you use your phone to its fullest your’e better off changing. I have great coverage where I live and work and when i travel over 99% of the time i have no issues. But i got my wife on cricket which is att so for the times where tmobile may not get signal i have the att towers just in case. I’m on an old grandfathered single line plan that allows work discount so i’m keeping as long as i can. Screamin Sometimes it’s not always the cell coverage causing the issue, but the phone itself, especially if it’s an older device that supports fewer cell bands. With T-Mobile’s latest acquirement of spectrum you can expect a huge improvement in cell signal, both in range and structure penetration, within the year. Of course you can switch if you want, but they’re only going to get better. They’ve more than doubled the coverage in the past 2 years and have just as much coverage as Verizon with a network that’s actually futureproof unlike the other guys. DM725 Agreed, I know people that don’t realize they are using a phone without band 12, that doesn’t have wifi calling or Volte support, and has an extremely weak antenna. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My phone is iPhone 7 and not an old device: Patel Nisha You couldn’t pay me to use a iPhone . And why would I switch Verizon to T-unmobile. So I can have a sub par data connection with hardly any coverage…. Andrew Why are you on TmoNews, then? DM725 I’m sorry you live in a place that T-Mobile doesn’t prioritize. Here in NY, we have no such issues. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Home Phone Service Savings popular topics Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone PhoneDog Magikarp Jump is the newest mobile Pokémon Game, and it's available right now Andy Rubin’s Essential may show slim bezel smartphone on May 30th Xiaomi Mi Max 2 official with 6.44-inch display, 5300mAh battery T-Mobile Digits launching next week to help you use your number on multiple devices Sony will reportedly discontinue its Premium Standard category of Android phones Moto G5S and Moto G5S Plus images reportedly leak out Google Photos gains new Archive feature Android And Me Android Wear 2.0 update coming to Moto Andy Rubin and Essential will show off Xiaomi Mi Max 2 official with 5300mAh T-Mobile’s Digits launches May 31 Top 10 New Android Games This Week: Leaked images show off Moto G5S and Google Photos rolling out new Archive TodaysiPhone Today is the last day to purchase Apple’s Australian banks officially denied right iPhone 7 will now be officially available iFixit teardown finds that new low-cost Apple Pay now launching in Taiwan with App Store approval now rejecting applications Apple released a number of security About PhoneDog PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular Reviews Rumors Upcoming Phones Rate plans Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path TMobileDigits DJISparkDrone Thunderbolt WannaCry GradGifts Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Consumer Electronics/ Wearables/ Smartwatches/ Huawei Watch 2 Victoria Song Huawei Watch 2 The Huawei Watch 2 features excellent fitness tracking capabilities and is the strongest showcase for Android Wear 2.0 we've seen so far, but that still doesn't make it a perfect smartwatch. Huawei Watch 2 editor rating: good Comments May 24, 2017 REVIEW Comments SPECS COMPARE View Gallery View All 7 Photos in Gallery MSRP $299.99 Pros Continuous heart rate monitoring. Built-in GPS and Android Pay compatibility. Accurate step and distance tracking. Good battery life. Cons Strap feels chintzy and isn't easy to swap out. Difficult to keep track of long-term fitness progress. Wi-Fi can be finicky. Bottom Line The Huawei Watch 2 features excellent fitness tracking capabilities and is the strongest showcase for Android Wear 2.0 we've seen so far, but that still doesn't make it a perfect smartwatch. By Victoria Song The $299.99 Huawei Watch 2 is a solid smartwatch that could be better. Its design, for one, isn't really suited for all-day use. And while it runs on the improved Android Wear 2.0, it's still a clunky platform with a finicky user experience and a steeper learning curve than Apple's watchOS. Fitness tracking is a strong suit, however, thanks to accurate measurements and a built-in heart rate monitor. And battery life is above average, which helps the Watch 2 stand out from the pack. It's the best Android Wear 2.0 watch we've tested so far, though we still can't recommend it without reservations. //Compare Similar Products Compare Apple Watch Nike+   %displayPrice%%seller% Apple Watch Series 2   %displayPrice%%seller% LG Watch Sport   %displayPrice%%seller% LG Watch Style   %displayPrice%%seller% ZTE Quartz   %displayPrice%%seller% Samsung Gear S2 Classic   %displayPrice%%seller% Asus ZenWatch 3   %displayPrice%%seller% Samsung Gear S3   %displayPrice%%seller% New Balance RunIQ   %displayPrice%%seller% Samsung Gear S2   %displayPrice%%seller% Sporty by Nature We tested the standard Huawei Watch 2 in Carbon Black; it also comes in Concrete Grey. The one thing both have in common is a distinctly sporty aesthetic. That's partly due to the to the color choices—nothing screams athleisure quite like the neon green accents on the Concrete Grey—and the textured plastic strap, which feels cheap to the touch and is finicky to swap out. The Carbon Black is a bit more subtle, but even so, you'll want to buy a nicer strap to comfortably wear it to a formal event. And while I'm sure there are plenty of women out there who enjoy sporty watches, there's just no way to make this work with a summer dress. View All 7 Photos in Gallery The Watch 2 also comes in a Classic versions, which is pricier at $369.99 and comes in Titanium Grey. It opts for more piston-style buttons, a leather strap, and larger numbers on the bezel. No matter which version you buy, the watch doesn't have a built-in cellular modem for untethered internet access and phone calls like the LG Watch Sport or the ZTE Quartz. One thing the Watch 2 has going for it: It's not as egregiously large or thick as the Watch Sport. It's still not ideal for anyone with very small wrists, but you can almost forget you're wearing it if you can find a hole in the strap that fits you properly. The AMOLED display measures 1.2 inches and features a 390-by-390 pixel resolution, a pixel density of about 326 pixels per inch (ppi). It's 0.2-inch smaller than the original Huawei Watch, but with a better resolution—a fair trade-off. It weighs 2.08 ounces, which is the same as the Apple Watch Nike+. It's comfortable against your skin when working out, and doesn't get snagged on sweater or jacket sleeves. It's also rated IP68 for water resistance, meaning it's safe to wear while doing the dishes or washing your hands. Just don't take it in the pool. On the side there are buttons at the two and four o'clock positions. If you hold down the top button, it takes you to Google Assistant, while a quick press will bring you to the app menu. The bottom button is used to record your workouts. Left to right: LG Watch Style, Huawei Watch 2, LG Watch Sport Compared with the latest crop of Android Wear watches, the LG Sport is much heftier, at 3.2 ounces, with a larger 1.38-inch, 348ppi P-OLED display. But the Sport lacks the ability to swap out bands and is rather uncomfortable for everyday wear. It seems like LG is banking on the fashion-conscious to opt for the lighter LG Watch Style. Like the Watch 2, the Style has a 1.2-inch display, with slightly less impressive 299ppi resolution. Of the three, the Style is definitely the easiest on the eyes and the most comfortable to wear, at a light 1.6 ounces. It's What's Inside That Counts The Huawei Watch 2 is powered by a 1.1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon Wear 2100 processor and has an array of sensors, including an ambient light sensor, accelerometer, barometer, geomagnetic sensor, gyroscope, and heart rate sensor. This makes for accurate fitness tracking and snappy app performance (more on both below). I managed to get about two days of battery life with moderate usage and notifcations enabled. That pales in comparison with the three to five days you get with the average fitness tracker, but it's a solid showing for a smartwatch with an AMOLED display and continuous heart rate monitoring. Most of the other Android Wear watches we've tested can only make it through one day. Of course, engaging any of the sensors for exercise (particularly GPS) is really going to eat into your battery life. The Watch 2 also comes with a battery app. It not only tells you how much time you have left, it allows you to turn on the "smart power saving" and "watch" modes. The former disables the always-on screen feature, as well as dims screen brightness to extend battery life. The latter disables everything except the clock and pedometer. On a full charge, you can get about 21-24 days of battery life in this mode, though you sacrifice the watch's most attractive features to do so. A Replacement for Your Fitbit? As far as smartwatches go, the Watch 2 does an excellent job tracking your daily steps and distance. To measure step accuracy, I tested the watch while walking and running on a treadmill for one mile against the Yamax SW-200 Digi-Walker, a pedometer commonly used in clinical studies to determine the accuracy of other step counters. During the walking test, the Watch 2 recorded 2,089 steps compared with the Yamax's 2,132 steps, a difference of just 2.02 percent. It performed even better during the running test, logging 1,964 steps to the Yamax's 1,961—an inconsequential 0.02 percent discrepancy. The Watch 2 is also highly accurate at measuring distance. It recorded one mile of walking at 3.5 miles per hour as 0.98 miles, and one mile of running at 5mph as 1.06 miles. That's above average, particularly for a smartwatch. As for heart rate, the Watch 2 delivers accurate readings that are within 5-10 beats per minute of other trackers using optical heart rate sensors. But compared with dedicated fitness trackers like the Fitbit Charge 2, it's much harder to check your heart rate during a workout on the Watch 2. With the Charge 2, for instance, all you have to do is flick your wrist up to get a quick read of your heart rate. With the Watch 2, you have to be using the right watch face or workout app. It's not really an issue if you like Huawei's built-in Workout app, which coaches you through haptic vibrations to the correct heart rate zones. But if you prefer Google Fit, you have to scroll down the Settings gear and change the displayed metrics. That's not hard to do, but it's illustrative of how clunky the Android Wear platform can be. The other issue is that you can only view the past six hours of heart rate data, which isn't helpful for getting a long-term idea of your progress. There are downloadable heart rate apps in Google Play, but there isn't an easy way to save your heart rate over time out of the box. To keep track of your fitness, the Watch 2 is preloaded with five apps: Daily Tracking, Google Fit, Google Fit Workout, Workout, and Heart Rate. Switching between these apps during a workout is a hassle, and there isn't one centralized way to view your workout history, measure progress over time, set goals, or edit falsely recorded data. Of these, Huawei's Workout app is the best but it's annoying that you can't view this data on your phone. This scattershot approach is a barrier for beginners, and a major time sink for veterans looking to easily track their data. It's a shame given the Watch 2's above-average accuracy, and another reason why a dedicated fitness tracker makes more sense if exercising is your top priority. The LG Watch Sport doesn't have the Watch 2's Daily Tracking or Workout app, which are both better than the default Google Fit app at providing insight into your tracked data. The LG Watch Style, meanwhile, isn't really meant for fitness tracking to begin with. It lacks a heart rate sensor, and the last thing you want to do is sweat on a leather band. Android Wear 2.0—Better, But Still Not Great The first iteration of Android Wear was defined by swiping. You had to swipe up, left, right, and down to view notifications, as well as open and close apps. That's still largely the case with Android Wear 2.0, though it's smoother and navigating through apps and notifications is less of a labyrinthian nightmare. For starters, the design of Android Wear 2.0 is much sleeker. It might seem like a simple cosmetic update, but it really does reflect the improved usability of the platform as a whole. Scrolling through apps is much quicker, and without the occasional lag that bogged down Android Wear 1.0. You can also star frequently used apps so that they appear higher in your list, eliminating the need for long scrolls. Notifications now pop up as small bubbles at the bottom of your watch face, as opposed to cards that take up half the screen. Swiping up lets you see all notifications forwarded from your phone, while swiping down gives you a shortcut to various settings such as brightness, airplane mode, volume, and notifications. Swiping left or right from the home screen lets you change watch faces. You can also swipe right to clear notifications, exit an app, or go back to a previous screen. It's a lot to memorize, and it takes a day or two to get really comfortable with how the system works. But compared with Android Wear 1.0, I never felt the urge to give up and throw my watch across the room. Another addition is ability to download apps directly to the watch through Google Play. It's not the easiest thing to do, but you can scroll through featured apps, games, and watch faces right from your wrist. Or if you get tired of flipping through apps on the watch screen, you can opt to search via voice. (Though in testing, voice dictation results occasionally went awry.) There's also a handwriting recognition keyboard you can use to spell out app names, but in six attempts to write "Google Maps," I never got it right once. Compared with watchOS, app selection isn't great. Some bigger-name apps include AccuWeather, Google Play Music, RunKeeper, Strava, Telegram, Uber. You can also find games like Nougat Land, though there aren't many optimized for such a small display. Conversely, there are a ton of watch faces. In fact, they make up the majority of the Google Play store, which I find somewhat disappointing. You won't find Instagram, Skype, Slack, and Twitter, all of which are available for the Apple Watch. While the voice and handwriting features didn't work particularly well for the Play store, they worked decently in the Messages app for simple responses. And the Google Translate app is great. I tested how well it was able to recognize and translate spoken Japanese to English and was pleasantly surprised. It was able to accurately capture the proverb, "Baka ni tsukeru kusuri wa nai," or, "There is no cure for idiots." The translation was a bit off, as you can see, but it was much more accurate for simpler phrases. Unfortunately, I encountered a number of Wi-Fi issues in testing, in which the watch would just drop the connection completely. This also happened with the LG watches. Considering nothing else connected to the same network experienced this issue, I'm led to believe it's a software problem. Subsequent updates have improved it a bit, but it still happens from time to time. And one thing about Android Wear hasn't changed at all: It's just better on Android phones. That makes sense, but it's frustrating for iPhone users who may not want to shell out for an Apple Watch. Pairing with an Android phone lets you view more in regards to expected battery life, for example, including a graph of how long it's been since your last full charge, and an estimate of how much time you have left. And you can only pair multiple watches with an Android phone. Sure, most people aren't going to have this issue, but it's something to consider for anyone who might want to keep using an old Android Wear device. Better Than the Rest So far, the Huawei Watch 2 is the strongest showing for Android Wear 2.0 we've seen—even if the platform is far from perfect. It's more comfortable than the LG Sport, and offers more functionality than the LG Style. When you consider its solid fitness tracking abilities and relatively good battery life, this is probably the Android watch you should buy. And yet we can't recommend the Huawei Watch 2 unequivocally. Android Wear lags behind watchOS in the app department and it just isn't intuitive to use. And the watch itself is big and bulky, limiting your abilities for all-day wear. So while the Huawei Watch 2 is stronger than much of the competition, keep its shortcomings in mind before buying in. At this price, we recommend any of the three Apple Watch models for iOS users, while the Tizen-powered Samsung Gear S2 Classic is worth a look if you use Android. Back to top PCMag may earn affiliate commissions from the shopping links included on this page. These commissions do not affect how we test, rate or review products. To find out more, read our complete terms of use. Previous : LG Watch Sport By Victoria Song Analyst, Hardware Victoria Song is an analyst on the Hardware team at PCMag. Since graduating from Temple University’s Japan Campus in 2010, she's been found reporting and editing in every corner of the newsroom at The ACCJ Journal, The Japan News, and New York bureau of The Yomiuri Shimbun. In her spare time, she bankrupts herself going to theater, buying expansions to board games, and cleaning out the stacks at The Strand. Someday, she hopes Liverpool FC will win the league, but she isn’t holding her breath.... More » More Stories by Victoria Jabra Elite Sport With boosted bass response, a heart rate sensor, and a waterproof design, the Jabra Elite Sport is a... More » Ikea Tradfri Gateway Kit Ikea's Tradfri Gateway Kit is an accessible smart lighting solution for beginners, but lacks some of... More » Dyson 360 Eye The Dyson 360 Eye is the one of the best robot vacuums you can buy thanks to its impressive cleaning... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 10 Inventors Who Made No Money on Their Inventions Gadgets You'll Want in Your First Apartment WannaCry Ransomware: What You Need to Know 8 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA Windows 10 Fall Creators Update: 7 Things to Check Out How a Retired Nurse Provides Her Small Vt. Town With Internet »See More //Discover... The Best Laptops of 2017 26 Google Maps Tricks You Need to Try 19 Hidden Roku Tricks for Streaming Success »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Apps  |  Features  | Set of things you can do with Google Play Music Set of things you can do with Google Play Music Updated: Friday, May 26, 2017, 12:33 [IST] A few weeks back, Google has launched its Play Music service in India with some amazing features. While not all the features have been rolled out, there are some, that are too good as it can get. The Google Play Music is seen as one of the perfect rivals for Spotify and Apple Music as well. In an attempt to capture the market, Google is trying out with lots of cool things with Play music service. Today, we have jotted down the list of things you can now try on Google Play. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Sync multiple devices Google is smart enough in a way to carry itself across multiple devices. You can have access to the same song in multiple devices and can access the album, which is synced in with your computer. You just need to drag the song and drop it the Add music window. Watch YouTube Google and Youtube are indeed closely connected with each other. In this app, you can watch a video of any songs you like. You just need to tap on the three dot menu of that song and select 'Watch video' option. SEE ALSO: Google Jamboard is now up for sale in the US Music recognition One of the famous app for music recognition is none other than Shazaam. But now, Google Play Music also joins the list in recognizing the music. To find out the song, open the app and tap the search icon. Now tap on What's playing and it will recognize the song in less than a minute. Stream quality Do you have lots of mobile data? With this app, you can choose your streaming quality over the mobile network. While the default is normal, you can go all the way up to 'Always High'. If you don't want mobile data to be used, you can choose Wi-Fi option as well. Feeling lucky Just like Google search engine, Google Play Music also has 'I'm feeling lucky' option. When you click, it will play you a song based on your musical taste and history. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Your go to app for music player in Android is— GIZBOT (@gizbotcom) May 21, 2017 Google Pixel 2 61,999 Specs Competitors Images +11 Read More About google | internet | Music | news | online Story first published: Friday, May 26, 2017, 9:02 [IST] Other articles published on May 26, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Nubia could launch another flagship alongside Z17 next week Nubia Z17 teased to be the world’s first smartphone with Quick Charge 4.0 OnePlus 5 will use Snapdragon 835 SoC for improved performance Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 26 May 2017 | MYT 10:30 AM Google kills recruiters’ recovery with jobs for the bots by lionel laurent Google is wading into the job-search market, a move that could squeeze profitability for Europe's staffing firms. — Reuters Europe's economic barometers look as sunny as the May weather. The threat of a populist wave has abated. France's pro-European president Emmanuel Macron wants to get more people into work by slashing red tape.  This should all be good for Europe's staffing firms, slight Brexit wobbles notwithstanding, as businesses take on more workers to meet increased demand.  But this economic bellwether isn't quite so bankable in the eyes of investors anymore. Shares of Switzerland's Adecco Group AG and Dutch rival Randstad Holding NV are under-performing. In the past month alone, they have fallen between 3% and 5%.  That's less to do with the economic cycle running out of steam and more to do with existential threats, mostly technological, to their own business models.  Google is wading into the job-search market, a move that could squeeze profitability. Automation is also on the rise, potentially reducing the number of jobs to fill.   Staffing firms have historically done a good job of defending themselves against competitive threats from online job boards and aggregators. The intense competition for low fees among online newcomers has caused more self-harm than disruption.  Adecco and Randstad have kept their gross margins pretty stable since 2007 at nearly 20%, according to Bloomberg data, a sign of how big corporate clients are willing to pay for more complex services like outsourcing business processes. Monster Worldwide, a poster child of the dotcom era, ended up selling itself to Randstad in 2016 after years of shrinking revenue.   But there's a worry that Google, along with social-media firms like LinkedIn and Facebook, will ratchet up the pressure. Its job-search engine will scour a wealth of different job boards and social listings, meaning expanded reach. It will also use machine learning to better organise and index hiring roles.  None of this should be fatal for a firm like Adecco, but by cranking up transparency in the recruitment market, Google threatens the data advantage old-school firms still have. Incumbents could also be forced to up their spending on technology in response.   Then there's the longer-term threat from automation, which turns jobs for the boys into jobs for the bots. Robotisation will probably erode “a complete tier” of the staffing market, Deutsche Bank analysts said this week, while Credit Suisse research suggests some two-thirds of temporary jobs are at risk from automation.  In the face of dwindling revenue, the obvious response from staffing firms would be to automate their own processes and invest more in technology, and that's already starting, to some extent. UBS analyst Denis Moreau also believes that the rising fixed costs of using robotics will keep big clients turning to recruiters as a source of flexible-cost labour. But profitability is expected to stagnate.  Growth in Adecco and Randstad's earnings before interest, tax and amortisation will be around zero on average between 2016 and 2030, down from 3% during the previous 16 years, according to Credit Suisse.  A lot of these worries are long-term and go beyond the economic cycle that is still going strong. It's a reminder that, with worries about Europe's politics fading, investors are likely to push management to address long-term themes like automation and digital disruption to justify valuations.  The message from Macron matters, but so does the parting shot from Barack Obama to Donald Trump earlier this year: Robots, rather than globalisation, will have the bigger impact on the workforce. — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested Battle hardened eastern European tech entrepreneurs draw global interest Apple releases programming course for college students May to tell G-7 Google and Facebook must do more to fight terror Lenovo profit falls less than projected as PC market stabilises Facebook aims for broad views in ‘trending topics’ tweak Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read Barbarians squad finalised for opening Lions clash Newspaper vendors keep the faith Air strike in east Syria kills 35 - Observatory advertisement Latest News Hackers sought to discredit Russian opposition leader: researchers Lyft courts Uber’s high-end clientele with black car service May to tell G-7 Google and Facebook must do more to fight terror Waymo hunt for smoking gun turns to Uber acquisition report Facebook’s Zuckerberg urges Harvard grads to contemplate risk Most Viewed in Tech Facebook’s Zuckerberg urges Harvard grads to contemplate risk Some Uber and Lyft riders are giving up their own cars: poll Waymo hunt for smoking gun turns to Uber acquisition report Vietnam-linked hackers likely targeting Philippine intel on South China Sea dispute: FireEye Driverless cars will soon be learning from experience Amazon opens grocery pickup kiosks to rival Wal-Mart May to tell G-7 Google and Facebook must do more to fight terror Lyft courts Uber’s high-end clientele with black car service Sony launches new Xperia X models Startup wants to transform travel enthusiasts into online agents Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 18 Plus 1 on G+ 61 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares133 Applications Google News Google Photos is ground zero for the company's crazy machine learning technology. At Google I/O 2017, a number of new features were announced for Photos, including suggested sharing based on who's in a certain photo. But for that to work, Google needs to figure out who is who, and now the Photos web app is asking users to identify what they look like. Upon visiting photos.google.com, you may be welcomed by the above screen. Google already uses machine learning wizardry to match faces to people, so all you have to do is select which face is yours. Once you do that, you'll be able to search for "me" in the Photos search to find pictures of yourself. According to a recent teardown, this option should appear at some point in the Photos app as well, but it didn't for me. Presumably, this will be far more useful once the other features announced at Google I/O show up. Let us know in the comments if you have received the pop-up. Tags face Google google+ photos photos subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Dev options has new "Window animation scale" and "Force RTL layout ... ... Next Story Xiaomi announces the monstrous Mi Max 2 with a 6.44" screen, 5300mAh battery, and Nougat Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Christopher Hickman Yep. I got the pop up just the other day. I can search for "me" in addition to others such as my daughter's name. John Doe I did but for some reason it shows a photo of me from over 6 years ago even though I have plenty of recent photos LoL Corbin Davenport Yep, my picture was an awful photo of me from several years ago. John Doe I was able to change it by going to people then clicking on the picture and even when you choose a picture with a lot of people in it figures out which one is you and zooms in...creepy bozzykid It doesn't matter what photo you choose of yourself. The rest are all linked to you anyways. This isn't replacing your profile pic. John Doe No but some photos it has not figured out its me or at least when I click on me it doesn't show all the pictures of me but it is good enough to find pictures of me when I was a child which is crazy because I changed a lot. bozzykid I believe it uses one of the firsts photos you have stored. It has already linked the rest to you anyways. Régis Knechtel Not always, apparently, cause it used a recent photo for me. I think it's random. LightofHonor Has been there for me for awhile. Useful since I can search multiple names and it shows all the pictures with those people in it. Defenestratus No. Régis Knechtel "his option should appear at some point in the Photos app as well" It asked to chose my face me today in the android app, while I was setting up a new phone. jcopernicus I accidentally closed the prompt...how to I get it back? Corbin Davenport On the web, go to Settings -> Group similar faces, and there should be an option to pick your face. Yatin No, I'm from India myssi Pop-up recieved, I'm from Pakistan. Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.595s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
toggle navigation Love Sex family heartbreak self buzz videos Experts login register Spotlight: Parenting Love Your Body 1 share Sign in find an expert Featured Expert Support Experts Advice Thought Leaders Become an Expert Experts FAQ love quotes Love Stages Single Taken Engaged Married Starting Over Complicated About About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback Join Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs More Categories Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle Follow Us sign up for newsletter Follow Us Sign in search articles find an expert videos Radical Acceptance Categories Love Sex family heartbreak self buzz videos Experts Featured Expert Support Experts Advice Thought Leaders Become an Expert Experts FAQ love quotes Love Stages Single Taken Engaged Married Starting Over Complicated About About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback Join Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs More Categories Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle sign up for newsletter I Interviewed My 14-Year-Old To Find Out EXACTLY What Kids Learn In Sex Ed 1 share + Photo: Unsplash Lanae St.John, ACSBlogger Family May 25, 2017 like us on facebook If you 'like' us, we'll LOVE you! Enlightening, indeed. The following is an interview I did with my 14-year-old daughter, Marcia after she graduated from the Unitarian Universalists Our Whole Lives (OWL) Lifespan Sexuality Education Program. The OWL course she participated in is the program for 7th to 9th graders that runs for 26 weeks and covers just about everything it possibly could within that time frame, including values, gender identity, healthy relationships, and much more. I asked Marcia these questions about her experience during a series of conversations we had while driving in the car. My younger daughter, Cindy was also with us and chimed in a few times.  Here I’ve transcribed the essential components of our dialogue about what she understood as her takeaways from this progressive sex education program. Me: So, parents will want to know ... now that you have all of this great sex education, does it make you want to run out and "do it"? Marcia: Um, No! Actually having information makes you less curious because no one is hiding information from you. If you’re hiding information — and I mean it’s obvious if you’re hiding information — adults aren’t very good at hiding it, especially if they know it’s like, “Ew, embarrassing." Not hiding it and just saying it straight out makes kids not necessarily want to go out and be rebellious because they already know.   Related: My Kid Found My Vibrator In My Bathroom Drawer — What I Told Her May Shock You   And if you hide info from your kids, they’re more likely to go out and turn to other sources or try it out for themselves. Me: You said it’s “obvious when parents are hiding something.” How do you guys know? Marcia: Well, I’ve got a mother ... (I guffaw. She laughs and says “Um, yeah. I love you.”)   It’s obvious because if they’re hiding something it means they’re not telling you, so they’re doing what they can to avoid the subject and that’s also very obvious. Because if there’s a sudden change in subject, there’s probably something you’re not “supposed to” know. If kids don’t get good information from the people they trust and the people they trust don’t give them information, they’re going to turn to less accurate resources. And it’s actually so much better to tell your kids exactly what they need to know in their life than to have them turn to websites and learn stuff that may not be true. Me: So you and I talked about how lots of parents don’t have good information because they didn’t learn it themselves. Marcia: Yeah Me: I imagine some parents don’t talk to their kids just cause they don’t know what to say cause they didn’t learn it themselves ... Marcia: Read mom’s book. (Chuckles.) Me: Heh! Nice pitch. Marcia: Yeah, right? Me: What would you say to parents who don’t have any info ... Marcia: Don’t Google it, please. Me: …if their kids ask them. Marcia: Turn to an expert, like ... my mom. Anyway, um, turn to an expert because if you turn to Google or the Internet ... I mean we turn to Google for just about everything in our lives, but sex and sex education ... It’s not a good source. Talk to my mom. Me: Did you learn something that you didn’t already know from your mom? Marcia: Yeah, well, first of all, I learned that a birth control sponge can be a barrier method AND that it has spermicide in it. (Little sister Cindy, who's in the background and has been listening in, now asks ...) Cindy: What’s that? Marcia: Eh, you’ll learn about it. Awww ... (To me:) Well, okay, this is a teaching moment! (To sister:) A barrier method ... What do you think that is? Cindy: A barrier is something that’s hard to get past. Marcia: Yeah. And if it’s a birth control sponge ... So, it’s a barrier for what? Cindy: Sperm? Marcia: Sperm, mm-hmm. And do you know what spermicides are? Cindy (feeling sassy): “A” Plus! … What? Marcia: It kills sperm. Me: The root word “-icide” is in words like insecticide and pesticide. It’s a Latin root which means to kill. So spermicide means it kills sperm. We were then interrupted from our “interview” but came back to it when Marcia wanted to correct something. Me: So you corrected me that the sponge wasn’t your biggest takeaway. What was? Marcia: That we are sexual beings for our entire lives. We should learn more about our bodies. We will still have the knowledge of math, language arts we get in our schoolwork. But we should learn about ourselves the first thing. Me: That so interesting, because a little while back author Peggy Orenstein posted this picture from the American Girl book, The Care & Keeping of You 2 on Facebook. Marcia: … a picture of the vulva. Me: What do you notice? Marcia: Not all of the parts are labeled. Me: Which ones aren't labeled? Marcia: The clitoris, clitoral hood, the outer and inner labia. Me (totally fangirling on my kid at this point ...): Beautiful! Wonderful! I think it’s adorable that you know all the parts! Aaah!! Marcia (mumbling): Oh my god, Mom. Me: Okay. This is a book intended for older girls — ages 10 years and up. What do you think of that? Marcia: I think it should have a little more information. Yeah. It’s saying, “This is what you have,” and then even in the picture it shows this "thing" but doesn’t label it. That’s gonna make them turn to other sources to find out what it is. Possibly. Unless they can turn to a parent, and sadly that’s actually not very likely. Me: Right on. Marcia: So, American Girl wouldn’t label the clitoris? Me: I guess not. That’s what it looks like, doesn’t it? I wonder who decided that. And why. Did they think it would be TMI or were they trying to be minimalist? Marcia: I guess it is because the clitoris is really sensitive and it has erectile tissue and it ... I learned about this, except now I can’t remember. Me: It’s only function is to provide a woman with sexual pleasure. Marcia: That. Yeah. Me: Do you think they left it out because it's only function is to provide pleasure? Marcia: Yeah. Cuz if people ask what the clitoris is for and then people have to say it’s for pleasure ...   Related: The Clitoris Is God's Greatest Gift To Women (And Girls Need To Know It Too!)   Me: So, if you were going to teach parents — as a kid talking to parents — about what’s OK and what’s not OK, what would you … Marcia (interrupting me): Well, everything’s OK. I’d focus on values. That’s a really important aspect. I’d also focus on what to do and go over options in case of unplanned pregnancy. Telling them they have more options than just abortion or adoption. Me: What are the options? Marcia: Like, keep the baby. Or open adoption, which is when you get to see your child grow up even though someone else takes care of them, as opposed to a closed adoption where you don’t know anything. Me: I recall you did an exercise where you wrote your goals and you were asked when you think you could be a mom … Marcia: Yes, that was where I said, "If you can’t take responsibility for the possibility of having a child when you have sex, then you shouldn’t be doing it at all." Me: When do you think you want to have kids? Marcia: Want to or ready to? Me: Both. Marcia: Ready to is when I have a sustainable job and a partner who can help me. And I don’t know when I’d want to. I guess when I feel I’m ready? Me: OK. I had been thinking that I still needed to tell my kids that if they can’t talk to their partner about sex, they shouldn’t be having it. That seems to me to be an OK concept. Yet Marcia seemed to develop her knowledge of that all on her own after her extensive sexuality education, both in my home and through the OWL program. When I’ve suggested this concept to adults, though, they don’t like the idea at all. And it's a challenge, that’s for sure. It's tough to talk about sex, and about what you want and need. It’s tough to bring up STI testing and results with a new partner. The very notion that “if you can’t talk about it, you shouldn’t be doing it” would make sex nearly impossible for lots of grown people these days, and I believe that's mainly because of the monumentally ineffective sex education most of us get. We don't learn much as it is, so to actually be required to talk about it when we constantly receive societal messages telling us the opposite sends a bizarrely mixed message. “Say what I want? And risk being outed as a slut? Or as kinky? Or as a perv? (I mean that in a good way.) Or as someone who really isn't all that interested? There’s too much at stake!" It would take a whole separate article for me to go into the socialization that pushes people to “pair off" before teaching them how to handle what goes along with doing so. In our home, we live out the complete opposite of what some abstinence-only sex educators believe — that no one needs to be taught about sex, but rather that they should just “do what comes naturally” when the appropriate time comes. I believe we can all benefit from more education about how things work. And debunking the harmful myths about sex out there is vital in order for us to ever derive true pleasure and enjoyment from sex. In a nutshell, my teenaged daughter believes, “If you’re not ready to take responsibility for the possibility of having a kid, then you shouldn’t be having sex. Bam. That is the opinion of a 14-year-old who has lived with open access to accurate information about sexuality for her entire life. And I am so proud. xxoo, The MamaSutra ​Dr. Lanae St.John, ACS is a San Francisco Bay Area Board Certified Sexologist, Parenting & Relationship Coach, and Sex Educator who teaches Human Sexuality to college students at City College of San Francisco, writes a blog as “The MamaSutra” and has recently completed a manuscript for a parenting book about human sexuality. She is also the proud mother of two daughters with whom she actively embodies her message of empowerment, freedom of expression, and a sex and body-positive mentality. The 15 FUNNIEST Things Kids Have Said About Their Parents' Bodies Click to view (15 images) Photo: WeHeartIt Bryn PalmerBlogger Sex Read Later   This article was originally published at The MamaSutra. Reprinted with permission from the author. like us on facebook If you 'like' us, we'll LOVE you! Author Lanae St.John, ACSBlogger 1 share + More content from YourTango: Hilarious Parenting Tips From Louis CK & Other Famous Dads The 28 'Golden Rules' Of Divorced Parenting There's No Such Thing As Parenting The "Right" Way Most popular Photo: weheartit Your (Super Accurate) May 2017 Horoscope, REVEALED! Men Who Marry Chubby Women Are 10 Times Happier (Says Science!) Photo: Univision Melania NEVER Shares A Bed With Donald, Sources Tell Us Weekly Photo: iStock Why This Is The BEST Book About Love And Loss We’ve Read in AGES Photo: Pinterest Yes, It Is YOUR Job To Make Your Husband Happy Photo: weheartit The 10 Most AWFUL Double-Standards Of Narcissistic People Photo: iStock What You Need To Know About The Crime Novel EVERYONE Is Obsessed With Right Now Photo: weheartit The Kind Of Woman He Falls For HARD, According To His Zodiac Sign Photo: weheartit If He Does These 7 Things, He Likes You WAY More Than You Think Expert advice Photo: weheartit The 2 Magic Words That Make Men Commit INSTANTLY Save your breath because you only need two words to make him commit. James Allen HanrahanExpert Photo: Unsplash 5 Reasons Staying Together For The Kids Is The WORST Idea Ever Are you REALLY thinking about their happiness? Karen FinnExpert Photo: weheartit 3 Mind Games ALL Narcissistic Men Play In Relationships Watch out for these signs. Maggie ConnorExpert Photo: weheartit 8 Deep Mistakes You Make With Him That KILL His Attraction To You If you keep finding yourself in heartbreaking, dead end relationships, listen up. Elizabeth StoneExpert Photo: weheartit 5 Signs You're In A TOXIC Relationship (And How To Get Out) It seems like you can't do anything right. Kristin DavinContributor Must-See Videos video Photo: Unsplash 6 Ways Monogamy Can Make Your Sex Life SO Much Better No, really! Lewis Brown GriggsExpert Tom BurnsEditor video Photo: Unsplash When You’re Really In Love, Your Brain Does THIS (Who Knew?) Better loving through brain chemistry. The Anatomy Of LoveExpert Tom BurnsEditor video Photo: WeHeartIt 3 BIG Ways You Can Stop Your Arguments From Getting Out Of Control Don’t lose your head. Susan HeitlerExpert Tom BurnsEditor video Photo: Pixabay 5 BIG Things To Remember About The Differences Between Men and Women It’s about more than just toilet seat preferences. Helen FisherExpert Tom BurnsEditor video Photo: Pixabay The One Big TRUTH Men and Women Need To Realize About Divorce We need to change the conversation. Laura BonarrigoExpert Tom BurnsEditor See More Videos Explore YourTango Love Heartbreak Sex Family Self Buzz POPULAR BLOGS Celebrity Love Love Buzz Tomfoolery Open Up Inside YourTango Love Mom Traditional Love Experts Blog JOIN Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs Links Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle ABOUT About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising HTML Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback EXPERTS Become A Member Find An Expert Ask An Expert Experts Directory Disclaimer © 2017 by Tango Media Corporation All Rights Reserved. × Want a good laugh, cry or hug? We deliver all 3 every day! Sign up for the YourTango newsletter Female Male Go!    
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Andy Rubin’s Essential smartphone to be unveiled on May 30 Andy Rubin’s Essential smartphone to be unveiled on May 30 By: Abhinaya Prabhu Published: Friday, May 26, 2017, 8:15 [IST] Andy Rubin, the ex-Google chief engineer has been the father of the Android OS. He is also an entrepreneur running a company called Essential. Since many months, Andy Rubin's Essential has been speculated to be prepping a high-end smartphone that is likely to pitch against Google Pixel and Apple iPhone. Now, it looks like the Essential smartphone is likely to be launched in the next week. We say this as Essential has made its very first announcement via Twitter, tipping that the smartphone's launch is not far-fetched. Also read: Andy Rubin's smartphone with Snapdragon 835 SoC appears on benchmark listing The tweet by Essential reads, "something big is coming May 30th." It is possible for the company to showcase their first smartphone in the next week. Previously, Andy Rubin posted a teaser showing the upcoming smartphone as seen above. Hi, welcome to our Twitter page. We're here to let you know something big is coming May 30th! Stay tuned...— Essential (@essential) May 25, 2017 The first Essential smartphone is likely to run on Android OS, but it might have some customizations on top. The device is expected to feature thin bezels around the screen but not like the one we saw on the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus. Also read: Andy Rubin's Essential smartphone visits GFXBench with Android Nougat From the rumors and speculations that exist on the internet right now, the Essential smartphone will be fitted with a 5.5-inch display with an unusual resolution of 1312×2560 pixels. Under its hood, the device is expected to employ the Snapdragon 835 SoC as seen in the recent flagship smartphones. The other rumored specs include 4GB RAM, a 12MP main snapper at the rear and an 8MP selfie camera too. We are looking forward to know more about the first smartphone to be launched by Essential and Andy Rubin in the next week and will update you on the same. OnePlus 5 28,800 Specs Competitors Images +22 Read More About andy rubin | essential | smartphones | mobiles | news Other articles published on May 26, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Nubia could launch another flagship alongside Z17 next week Nubia Z17 teased to be the world’s first smartphone with Quick Charge 4.0 Samsung launches its new QLED TV series in India Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Shahab Saba of Cyberset Imparts Reputation Management Wisdom at Digital Marketing Seminar Held in Partnership with Google Shahab Saba of Cyberset Imparts Reputation Management Wisdom at Digital Marketing Seminar Held in Partnership with Google Posted on May 26, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The workshop was part of the digital marketer’s efforts to help area businesses grow. Los Angeles, California (PRWEB) May 25, 2017 Shahab Saba, President and CEO of Cyberset, spoke about the art and science of reputation management to a gathering of community business leaders, including many in the field of healthcare, as part of a Digital Marketing Seminar held in partnership with Google. The event took place on May 3 at the Winnetka Convention Center. Mr. Saba, who founded the Los Angeles-based digital marketing firm, explained the ins-and-outs of improving the online reputation of medical and other businesses. His talk focused on such matters as the best ways for businesses to manage both positive and negative reviews at such sites as Yelp! It also dealt with how to generate more positive online discussion of a medical or other type of business. The event was part of a national effort to help small businesses across the United States in celebration of 2017’s annual Small Business Week. “When customers can support local businesses, entire communities benefit. In fact, communities with robust local listings and a strong web presence can build a stronger local economy,” said Emily Harris, Manager of Google's Get Your Business Online program. “In small communities, this could be worth up to +$300k a year; in large cities it can be up to +$7m1.” About Cyberset: Cyberset Corp is a respected leader in Internet marketing, an area that has become crucial to the success of all companies in all fields. The firm’s team is comprised of top-tier Internet marketing specialists, graphic designers, writers, and developers, and it has transformed countless new and moderately successful websites into bustling marketing powerhouses. Cyberset focuses on producing quality content that is fully optimized, which means that its clients rank higher on major search engines than their competitors. As a Premier Google Partner, Cyberset is dedicated to the highest standards of quality and performance on behalf of all our clients. About National Small Business Week: Since 1963, the President of the United States has issued a proclamation announcing Small Business Week each year, which recognizes the critical contributions of America’s entrepreneurs and small business owners. For additional information about how Cyberset can build a business’s online marketing power, call today for a free consultation at 818-962-0730, or contact the company online at http://www.Cyberset.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14373673.htm Latest News Shahab Saba of Cyberset Imparts Reputation Management Wisdom at Digital Marketing Seminar Held in Partnership with Google HCAP Partners Announces Exit of Portfolio Company Resolve Systems According to the Latest Analysis: Position Sensor Market Set for Strong Growth Global Computer-Assisted Coding Market Size, by Type, Country, Mode of Delivery, Region Data Center Fabric Market Worth $15.14 Billion by 2019 Liberty University Debate Team Sweeps All Three National Tournament Titles Virtual Power Plant Market by Enabling Technology, End-Use by Region and Forecast to 2021 Global Market Study on Organic Fertilizer: Animal Based Organic Fertilizer Segment Projected to Create 1.3x Incremental Opportunity Between 2017 and 2025 Intumescent Coatings Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Blow Fill Seal (BFS) Technology Market – Latin America Industry Analysis, Application Type, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016-2024 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 45-54 We set you thinking Friday 26 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Asia Australia Americas Europe Middle East Africa Quirky World newstream Lifestyle The secret lives of Cannes’ Instagram queens 1495781823 Business U.S. inflation path since 2012 is worrisome, policymaker says 1495780845 World Philippines says foreigners fighting alongside IS-linked rebels 1495780431 Entertainment Ling Kai to sing her No. 1 hit in star-studded concert 1495780616 Singapore Trans-Cab to up checks after 10% of cabs fail tests 1495727220 Singapore Singapore edging up as world’s second-largest shark’s fin trader 1495742520 Business China's reforms not enough to arrest mounting debt: Moody's 1495779720 China&India Ruling as a statesman helped Xi build up power: China expert 1495656120 World Air strike in east Syria kills 35: Observatory 1495778218 World The latest unrest in the southern Philippines, explained 1495768860 World Pop concert blast a test of faith for Manchester’s Libyan community 1495767360 World Toxic substances detected in Tsukiji fish market soil samples 1495757520 Business OPEC disappointment hits oil, stocks; sterling down on UK vote jitters 1495778212 Business Singapore’s firm orders six Airbus jets worth S$1.45 billion 1495777616 World Indonesia police arrest three suspected of links to Jakarta bombing 1495776695 Singapore Ex-CIMB banker in Singapore fined S$180,000 for insider trading 1495777014 Business Pound slips as PM May's lead narrows, commodity currencies shaky 1495775725 Business Fed's Bullard says BOJ must communicate carefully any tapering to markets 1495775766 Business Oil drops after OPEC-led output cut extension falls below expectations 1495775308 World Singaporeans among foreign militants fighting Philippine army in Marawi 1495775522 Singapore Manufacturing output continues to rise 1495774200 World China executes former senior police officer for murder, bribery 1495773038 Entertainment Comic books on the life of Mr Lee Kuan Yew launched for kids 1495703820 World Manila deploys commandoes, helicopters to retake city from Islamists 1495731502 Sports Schooling’s gunning for more than one medal at World C’ships in July 1495722720 Singapore Singapore ramps up security at key locations 1495720560 World China activists fear increased surveillance with new security law 1495769098 World British police arrest another man after Manchester attack 1495768327 Business U.S. court fines UPS $247 million over illegal cigarette shipments 1495768806 World Trump condemns leaks after UK police stop sharing attack information 1495732941 Business Chinese money lifts Singapore housing market sentiment 1495742520 World Skydiver wearing a wingsuit crashes, dies in California 1495770960 World Trump son-in-law Kushner under FBI scrutiny in Russia probe: Media reports 1495757760 World Islamic State claims responsibility for Jakarta bus station attacks 1495748820 Singapore Singapore Airlines now part of expedited screening programme in US 1495763460 Singapore Brace for glitches on NSL, SMRT warns ahead of new weekday signalling tests 1495766640 World US fears nuclear arms race in Asia-Pacific: Australia 1495770960 China&India Next Chinese aircraft carrier still on drawing board 1495769640 Singapore Complaints made about faulty lift before fatal mishap 1495719180 World Leaks: A uniquely American way of annoying the authorities 1495768625 China&India Mobs in India, enraged by false rumours of child abductions, kill seven 1495768618 World U.S. South China Sea policy unchanged under Trump: State Department official 1495763888 World U.S. warship drill meant to defy China's claim over artificial island: officials 1495763923 World What self-driving cars see 1495763818 World Say thank you to finders or be identified, Japan police tell owners of lost items 1495763217 Lifestyle When play is serious business 1495679160 World Kim Jong Un’s rocket stars: The trio behind North Korea’s missile programme 1495762627 Entertainment ‘Baywatch’: A romp full of surf, sand and lots of skin 1495762621 World China police arrest 44 in $140 million online scam 1495761260 Entertainment What is it really like to be The Sam Willows? 1495760340 World What self-driving cars see In an undated handout photo, raw data captured from a Luminar sensor, which uses lidar, while driving in San Francisco. Lidar technology, which uses near-infrared light to detect the shape of objects around it, is the centerpiece of an intense court fight in California between Uber and Waymo, the self-driving business operated by Google’s parent, Alphabet. Photo: Luminar Technologies via The New York Times mail print View all comments Tweet By JOHN R QUAIN - - Published: 9:55 AM, May 26, 2017 Giant tech companies are fighting over the technology in court. Startups around the world are racing to develop new versions of it. And engineers say it is essential to making autonomous cars safe. The obscure object of desire: lidar. “We believe it will be the basis for autonomous driving,” said Guillaume Devauchelle, who oversees innovation at Valeo, a major parts supplier to automakers. The technology, which uses near-infrared light to detect the shape of objects around it, is the centrepiece of an intense court fight in California between Uber and Waymo, the self-driving business operated by Google’s parent, Alphabet. In the case, Waymo accuses a former Google engineer, Anthony Levandowski, of stealing trade secrets about the company’s lidar designs for his own autonomous driving startup - which he sold to Uber for nearly US$700 million (S$969.29 million). Lidar - pronounced LIE-dar - is shorthand for light detection and ranging. It is a type of sensor that is at the heart of many autonomous car designs and is critical to several worldwide high-resolution mapping efforts. The same technology is used to delineate terrain from airplanes and detect speeding violations. The advantage of lidar is that it can generate precise three-dimensional images of everything from cars to trees to cyclists in a variety of environments and under a variety of lighting conditions. While autonomous car designs use numerous sensors, including ultrasonic, radar and video camera components, lidar has unique abilities. Unlike cameras, for example, lidar cannot be fooled by shadows or blinded by bright sunlight. The biggest hurdle to widespread lidar adoption is an economic one, and that is where the battle is being waged. When Google initially started its autonomous vehicle research eight years ago, the lidar sensors it used cost roughly US$75,000. Those sensors were made by Velodyne Lidar, an industry leader. Velodyne declined to say what the current pricing is for such systems, but Waymo’s chief executive, John Krafcik, said in a recent presentation that his company had reduced the cost of its lidar system by 90 per cent. But even at US$7,500, such systems are seen as too expensive to meet automakers’ demands. “Car companies want it to cost US$100 and perform 10 times better, be smaller - and very reliable,” said Omer Keilaf, chief executive of Innoviz Technologies, a lidar developer based in Israel. “So there’s a big vacuum in the industry right now.” The race to fill that void is largely focused on producing solid-state lidar systems, which would shrink the size of the sensors, eliminate moving parts involved in the optical mechanisms and enable the kind of mass manufacturing that could bring costs down, said Hongbo Zhang, a research associate at Virginia Tech who is working on a lidar design. Established automotive suppliers, such as Velodyne and Valeo; technology companies like Waymo and Uber; and relative newcomers like Innoviz, LeddarTech and Quanergy all have their sights set on making less expensive sensors. Solid-state lidars tend to have a reduced field of view, about 120 degrees compared with the 360-degree view offered by rooftop models. “So to create a cocoon around the car, you need to integrate four to six solid-state lidar sensors,” said Marc A. Morin, a spokesman for LeddarTech. But most of the researchers working on these designs still believe they can produce them for much lower prices, and Hyundai has demonstrated in its Ioniq autonomous test cars how such sensors could be made less conspicuous and concealed in the bumpers and roof pillars of vehicles. Luminar Technologies, a lidar company that recently came out of stealth mode, is focusing on improving the performance of sensors by extending the effective range of lidar past 200 meters. (Top-of-the-line sensors now have a range of 120 meters.) Austin Russell, Luminar’s chief executive, said the company accomplished the longer range by using a more sensitive receiver, as well as a more powerful light output that remains safe enough to avoid damaging people’s vision. Velodyne, which says it is the only current third-party lidar supplier for fully autonomous vehicles now being tested, is well aware that startups are gunning for its business. Velodyne is working on its own solid-state Velarray lidar sensor, said Mike Jellen, Velodyne president, and it plans to start mass-producing them next year in a 200,000-square-foot factory in San Jose, California. While there has been considerable speculation about how Velodyne will face the potential price competition, Mr Jellen declined to estimate how much the new sensors might cost, saying only that a complete lidar sensor package for future vehicles might be priced in the “low thousands” per vehicle. Other companies building complete autonomous driving packages expect prices to fall faster. “In five years, for ride-sharing cars, it could be an US$8,000” option, said Jeffrey Owens, chief technology officer for Delphi. Delphi recently announced it was working with Intel, BMW and Mobileye on an autonomous driving platform. “In 2025, it could be US$5,000,” he said. “The problem is that we’re still in AI learning mode and only buying in quantities of a couple thousand,” said Mr Jellen, referring to artificial intelligence. “The problem is, the market isn’t there yet.” There are also some technical kinks that need to be ironed out with new systems. Different versions of lidar paint images of the world around them in different ways, said Mr Zhang at Virginia Tech. That means different lidar sensors from different companies cannot simply be exchanged for one another on an autonomous BMW or Ford vehicle. How a car is trained and learns will partly depend on the specific type of lidar used. Despite these challenges, Mr Keilaf of Innoviz and many others say there will not be fully autonomous cars without lidar - and it will have to be cheap. It will also have to meet exceptionally high standards. “An autonomous vehicle that’s 99 per cent safe won’t be good enough,” said Russell of Luminar. “This is mission critical. You can’t afford to miss a single object because that object could be a person.” NEW YORK TIMES mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most World READ COMMENTED ﻿From Trump’s Mar-a-Lago to Facebook, a national security crisis in the open  Extreme religious acts mark Good Friday in the Philippines “Fear of the future” fuels killings in Japan ‘Zombie’ birds fall from sky in Moscow ‘You’re fat’ card prompts London police action ‘Prison made me mature’: meet Suu Kyi’s man in Yangon ‘Costume jewellery’ diamond really worth hundreds of thousands Zahid orders probe, reshuffle after sponsorship claims in police force Yemen's Houthis say fire ballistic missile toward Saudi capital Yangon commuters face perilous train journeys Wives of detained lawyers appeal to Trump to press China on rights Witnesses report hearing 'huge bang' at British venue where Ariana Grande was performing: Sky Witness at UK venue where Ariana Grande was performing says felt 'massive explosion' With new sheriff in town, South Korea big businesses duck for cover White House says aware of North Korea launch, notes shorter range Inside Today World Philippines says foreigners fighting alongside IS-linked rebels Air strike in east Syria kills 35: Observatory Indonesia police arrest three suspected of links to Jakarta bombing Singaporeans among foreign militants fighting Philippine army in Marawi China executes former senior police officer for murder, bribery Business U.S. inflation path since 2012 is worrisome, policymaker says China's reforms not enough to arrest mounting debt: Moody's OPEC disappointment hits oil, stocks; sterling down on UK vote jitters Singapore’s firm orders six Airbus jets worth S$1.45 billion Fed's Bullard says BOJ must communicate carefully any tapering to markets Sports Cristiano Ronaldo faces minimum 15 months prison sentence over alleged tax fraud Medal at world championships a tall order for Team Singapore paddlers Sports Hub CEO Sawhney resigns, slams allegations Schooling’s gunning for more than one medal at World C’ships in July Football: Liverpool and Leicester to play in Hong Kong in July Entertainment Ling Kai to sing her No. 1 hit in star-studded concert ‘Baywatch’: A romp full of surf, sand and lots of skin What is it really like to be The Sam Willows? Comic books on the life of Mr Lee Kuan Yew launched for kids Star Wars new images include touching shot of Carrie Fisher, Billie Lourd About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Thiruvananthapuram Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News » City News » Thiruvananthapuram News » Kerala startup to get Google mentoring Kerala startup to get Google mentoring May 26, 2017, 06.21 AM IST THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a first, Kerala-based startup 'Recipe Book' is selected by Google Launchpad Accelerator among the six startups from across the country. Selected startups will get funding and six-months' mentoring at Google in California, among other benefits. 'Recipe Book', incubated at Kerala Startup Mission, uses artificial intelligence (AI) to tailor recipes according to the tastes and preference of users. "Currently, the startup has a mobile app which can be downloaded by any smartphone user with android, windows and Apple iOS," said Recipe Book co-founder and chief executive officer Anoop Balakrishnan. "Key AI features of this mobile app include 'Snap n Cook' which uses AI to find recipes by uploading images of ingredients. 'Shake n Make' feature helps to discover recipes which can be prepared with ingredients you have in hand. The `Smart Search' discovers recipes which can be cooked with ingredients through voice commands," he said. It aligns to the user preference tracking the user behaviour patterns, he said. The company plans to up grade it further to the next step of food vision application program interface which can detect a product at a major store or in a refrigerator, he said. Over 300 recipes put up by food bloggers across the globe can be found. With Anoop, this startup was co-founded by Arun Ravi and Nikhil Darman, former students of SNG College of Engineering in Kochi. "This mobile app is our third innovation. In 2012-13, we developed the first app `Wiki' for Blackberry . Later, we developed a platform service app for Flipkart and then the app for recipes," Anoop said. "In a first from the country, 'Recipe Book' got the Google Editor's Choice tag, and it's chosen from among 400 apps.Now, our app has 2.7 million downloads with users from105 countries across the world," he said. "We will get a six month free mentorship to work with Google at Mountain View in California along with two-weeks of free training at Silicon Valley, among other benefits," he added. The startups will receive 50,000 USD which is roughly Rs 35 lakh grant and 100,000 USD worth (roughly Rs 67 lakh) Google Cloud credits which offers more server space on Google Cloud. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web How Big Is Your Brompton? Gothamist 30 Most Dangerous Species That Ever Lived TravelFuntu Have You Seen These Amazing Credit Card Offers Credit Card Offers - Sponsored Ads More from The Times of India Justin Trudeau at ‘Khalistan event’ angers India 3 years of Modi govt, NDA to present report card Nuke MoU: Govt makes Russia sweat before PM Modi-Putin meet From the Web More From The Times of India Here's Why Grocery Prices Will Fall | FoodIndustry.ComFoodIndustry.Com Top 50 Social Media Stats You Really Need to Know to Swagg..A smart look at investing What were the headlines on the day you were born?Newspapers.com See An Undiscovered Wonder Of The CaribbeanAruba Tourism 40 Years Of Photos From 4 Sisters Found In Abandoned SafeThirsty Scoop Safe stay for women at KSRTC Complex All industrial units are unauthorized: PIL at HC Kerala to be declared as fully electrified on Monday ICTAK launches learning centre Chance arrest of migrant throws light on robbery Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Education Exam Results 2017 CBSE Results 2017 BSEB results 2017 CBSE Moderation CBSE Results on time CBSE class 12 results CBSE Results UBSE board results GBSHSE SSC Result 2017 Maharashtra Class 12 Results WBBSE 12th result WBBSE 10th result Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@timesofindia Malayalam News Most Popular After return to India, Uzma Ahmed calls Pakistan 'a death trap' I-T department unearths 400 benami deals, attaches properties worth Rs 600 crore India, Pakistan maintain high operational military readiness along LoC http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/india-pakistan-keep-operational-military-readiness-along-loc/articleshow/58827712.cms 15 Car Cleaning Hacks You Never Knew! Ad: Perris247 Ex-Greek PM Papademos hurt in car blast: State TV Greek former prime minister Lucas Papademos was hurt on Thursday when an explosive device went off inside his car in Athens, state agencies said. EC rejects AAP demand for permission to tamper with EVM motherboard during challenge The Election Commission has turned down AAP's demand for allowing change or tampering of EVM motherboard during the ensuing 'EVM challenge', saying that changing the motherboard or internal circuitry of the machine was like changing the whole device itself. From around the Web What Really Happened To The Cast Of Austin Powers? Mozo Travel Learn about a Unique Delivery of Migraine Medication AD BY AVANIR © 2016 Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc, All Rights Reserved. Avanir is a trademark or Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 15 Unlrealistic Things Games Do That You Won't Be Able To .. TheClickFeed Miami's Best Parks AFAR More From The Times of India Report on misuse of study sedans sought Faisal Khan flies to Indonesia just a day after explosions Pilot cloud seeding project in arid Maharashtra Read Moresilicon valleynikhil darmanKerala Startup MissionGoogle CloudFlipkart Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Thiruvananthapuram Trivandrum Travel Guide How to reach Thiruvananthapuram Hotels in Trivandrum Restaurants in Trivandrum Places to visit in Trivandrum Things to do in Trivandrum Weekend Getaways from Trivandrum Itineraries From our Global Partners Add columns for transgender people in forms, universities told Safe stay for women at KSRTC Complex Baahubali effect: Entertainment tax collection crosses Rs 1 crore in April All industrial units are unauthorized: PIL at HC 1Kerala startup to get Google mentoring 2Add columns for transgender people in forms, universities told 3Safe stay for women at KSRTC Complex 4Baahubali effect: Entertainment tax collection crosses Rs 1 crore in April 5All industrial units are unauthorized: PIL at HC Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends CBSE Results Goa Board 10th Results Bus accident in Jammu & Kashmir Bulandshahar  Devendra Fadnavis Baahubali 2 Collection Yogi Adityanath XXX Return of Xander Cage Tubelight trailer Xiaomi Redmi 4A TV Shows Sunny Leone Photos services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Champions Trophy Schedule GST News Champions Trophy Teams Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos Baahubali 2 Collections Health & Fitness Tips Rangoli Designs Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics How to Get Pregnant GST Rates Bob Dylan Reliance Jio Shuva Mandal xXx Sensex today Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Kumkum Bhagya Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 18 Plus 1 on G+ 61 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares133 Applications Google News Google Photos is ground zero for the company's crazy machine learning technology. At Google I/O 2017, a number of new features were announced for Photos, including suggested sharing based on who's in a certain photo. But for that to work, Google needs to figure out who is who, and now the Photos web app is asking users to identify what they look like. Upon visiting photos.google.com, you may be welcomed by the above screen. Google already uses machine learning wizardry to match faces to people, so all you have to do is select which face is yours. Once you do that, you'll be able to search for "me" in the Photos search to find pictures of yourself. According to a recent teardown, this option should appear at some point in the Photos app as well, but it didn't for me. Presumably, this will be far more useful once the other features announced at Google I/O show up. Let us know in the comments if you have received the pop-up. Tags face Google google+ photos photos subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Dev options has new "Window animation scale" and "Force RTL layout ... ... Next Story Xiaomi announces the monstrous Mi Max 2 with a 6.44" screen, 5300mAh battery, and Nougat Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Christopher Hickman Yep. I got the pop up just the other day. I can search for "me" in addition to others such as my daughter's name. John Doe I did but for some reason it shows a photo of me from over 6 years ago even though I have plenty of recent photos LoL Corbin Davenport Yep, my picture was an awful photo of me from several years ago. John Doe I was able to change it by going to people then clicking on the picture and even when you choose a picture with a lot of people in it figures out which one is you and zooms in...creepy bozzykid It doesn't matter what photo you choose of yourself. The rest are all linked to you anyways. This isn't replacing your profile pic. John Doe No but some photos it has not figured out its me or at least when I click on me it doesn't show all the pictures of me but it is good enough to find pictures of me when I was a child which is crazy because I changed a lot. bozzykid I believe it uses one of the firsts photos you have stored. It has already linked the rest to you anyways. Régis Knechtel Not always, apparently, cause it used a recent photo for me. I think it's random. LightofHonor Has been there for me for awhile. Useful since I can search multiple names and it shows all the pictures with those people in it. Defenestratus No. Régis Knechtel "his option should appear at some point in the Photos app as well" It asked to chose my face me today in the android app, while I was setting up a new phone. jcopernicus I accidentally closed the prompt...how to I get it back? Corbin Davenport On the web, go to Settings -> Group similar faces, and there should be an option to pick your face. Yatin No, I'm from India myssi Pop-up recieved, I'm from Pakistan. Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.595s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI AI Weekly: AlphaGo’s triumph shows the future of machine learning isn’t so black and white Blaise Zerega@BeeZee May 25, 2017 6:12 PM This week, Google’s AlphaGo defeated a top-ranked Chinese Go player, Ke Jie, in the first match of a three-game series underway in China. The victory by AlphaGo — created by DeepMind, which Google bought 3 years ago — follows its headline-grabbing triumph over South Korean Go star Lee Sedol last year. Go is a two-player ancient Chinese board game played by more 40 million people worldwide. This battle of man versus machine naturally strikes the public’s fancy and recalls Deep Blue‘s epic 1997 win over Garry Kasparov, a world chess champion. Deep Blue was an IBM supercomputer that relied on brute force computation. AlphaGo, meanwhile, uses machine learning to get better and faster at avoiding risks to narrowly achieve one thing: winning a game of Go. “Last year, it was still quite humanlike when it played,” Ke said after his loss. “But this year, it became like a god of Go.” Even while the AI capabilities of AlphaGo surpass those of Deep Blue (or Watson), they share a common limitation. They’re examples of artificial narrow intelligence that come nowhere near the generalized artificial intelligence expected (or feared) by so many. Chess? Check. Self-driving cars? Check. Go? Check. HBO’s Westworld? Not yet, if ever. AlphaGo’s win shows how far narrow AI has come and of how far away general AI remains. Games two and three are scheduled for today and Saturday and can be watched via live stream. For AI coverage, send news tips to Khari Johnson and Blair Hanley Frank, and direct guest post submissions to John Brandon. To receive this information in your inbox every Thursday morning, subscribe to AI Weekly — and be sure to bookmark our AI Channel. Thanks for reading, Blaise Zerega Editor in Chief P.S. Please enjoy this video, “Is Singularity Near?” featuring Ray Kurzweil interviewing the late Marvin Minsky, a founding father of artificial intelligence.   From the AI Channel 5 things Amazon Alexa needs to do before 2020 Alexa is now humming along in my living room most evenings. I use the voicebot routinely to ask about basketball scores and discover obscure facts about people and places. The more I use the bot, the more I wonder how it could evolve. Here are five ways I’d like Alexa to help me during the […] Read the full story   Google’s AlphaGo narrowly beat the top Go player because it avoids risks Google’s AlphaGo program bested the world’s top Go player by the slimmest margin possible in the first of three matches Tuesday, but that doesn’t mean humanity is safe. The AI won a match against Ke Jie as part of an exhibition during the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, China. While Ke made moves reminiscent […] Read the full story   Bots will soon be able to borrow our identities What if all the emails you’ve ever written and any other published statements you’ve made could be incorporated into a digital identity? And what if anyone could access that identity to get your advice or opinion on something when you’re no longer around? My current work at the MIT Media Lab is dedicated to making […] Read the full story   How video games help improve real-world AI For decades, video games have been criticized for purportedly wasting time, stifling creativity, and even influencing violent behaviors. Now, it seems that video games have become an unlikely tool for AI researchers to improve their systems. Seeing stop signs Take, for example, Artur Filipowicz, an AI researcher at Princeton University who’s been trying to develop […] Read the full story   ProBeat: Google is betting AI will succeed search OPINION: This year’s I/O developer conference felt a little repetitive. Almost everything announced was an iteration on what Google showed off last year. But there was one theme that was particularly clear, especially on day one: Google is becoming more and more confident with its bet on AI. The consumer version of this is Google Assistant. […] Read the full story   Google Assistant voice apps arrive on Android and iPhone — here’s what they can do Google released its standalone Google Assistant iPhone app on Wednesday and made it possible for both Android and iOS smartphone users to access voice apps made by third-party developers. These changes were two of about a dozen major Google Assistant announcements made this week at I/O, Google’s annual developer conference. Since the launch of the Actions on Google platform […] Read the full story Beyond VB Google’s New AI Is Better at Creating AI Than the Company’s Engineers At its I/O ’17 conference this week, Google shared details of its AutoML project, an artificial intelligence that can assist in the creation of other AIs. By automating some of the complicated process, AutoML could make machine learning more accessible to non-experts. (via Futurism) Read the full story   Hear Me Out: Let’s Elect an AI as President Is it possible that someday we will elect an AI president? Given some of the recent occupants of the White House, many might consider it an upgrade. After all, humans are prone to making decisions based on ego, anger, and the need for self-aggrandizement, not the common good. An artificially intelligent president could be trained to maximize happiness for the most people without infringing on civil liberties. It might even learn that it’s a good idea to tweet less—or not at all. (via Wired) Read the full story   How Montreal aims to become a world centre of artificial intelligence It might seem like an ambitious goal, but key players in Montreal’s rapidly growing artificial-intelligence sector are intent on transforming the city into a Silicon Valley of AI. (via Montreal Gazette) Read the full story   How Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff uses artificial intelligence to end internal politics at meetings Not only is Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff predicting that artificial intelligence will one day help run everyone’s companies — he’s already using it at Salesforce. (via Business Insider) Read the full story Subscribe to AI Weekly  and receive this newsletter every Thursday VB Recommendations PC Gaming Weekly: How modding may play into Take-Two’s strong earnings AI Weekly: AlphaGo’s triumph shows the future of machine learning isn’t so black and white Ranking the best of ParadoxCon
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
null
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News Most ReadPaid Search PPC Guide Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT News·SEO | 7 hours ago Google Issues a Warning About Guest Posting to Build Links 502 SHARES 2.7K READS Matt Southern SEJ STAFF SEJ STAFF Matt Southern 2.7K READS Google has issued a warning to remind site owners about the dangers of publishing content on other sites for the purpose of building inbound links. The company doesn’t frown on guest posts or syndicated posts in general, but lately there has been an increase in spammy links stuffed into these types of posts. That’s the reason behind this sudden warning from Google. Distributing content on a large scale when the main intention is to build links back to your own site is strictly prohibited under Google’s guidelines on link schemes. What Google does allow are guest posts and syndicated posts which “inform users, educate another site’s audience or bring awareness to your cause or company.” Google goes on to explain other article writing and distribution practices that are against its guidelines. Stuffing keyword-rich links to your site in your articles. Having the articles published across many different sites; alternatively, having a large number of articles on a few large, different sites. Using or hiring article writers that aren’t knowledgeable about the topics they’re writing on. Using the same or similar content across these articles; alternatively, duplicating the full content of articles found on your own site (in which case use of rel=”canonical”, in addition to rel=”nofollow”, is advised). This probably goes without saying, but Google reminds being caught publishing articles with spammy links could affect the perceived quality of a site and thus affect search rankings. Site owners should be vigilant in their vetting of guest posts, and nofollow any links that appear questionable. Google will also take action on websites creating the content in violation of Google’s guidelines. The company points out to site owners being harassed about publish content they can submit a complaint via Google’s spam report form. ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts SEJ Wrap-Up: 3 Recent Google Updates You Need to Know About Today & Build Links This Weekend Google Updates Security Issues Report in Search Console Google: Unnatural Widget Links Violate Webmaster Guidelines ADVERTISEMENT Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! ThinkTank Webinar Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Wed. May 31st, 2PM Eastern Partner Stories Paid Search Optimization: A Management Approach for Success Search Podcast How AI and Machine Learning Affect the Future of Online Marketing Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search PPC Guide All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 245% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/25/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 245% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/25/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Google Just Fired a Shot Across NVIDIA's Bow Arguably no company has benefited more from the emerging trend of AI than industry leader NVIDIA. But the outlook for the stock-market darling may be about to change. Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) May 25, 2017 at 7:54PM There's no question that NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has been benefiting from its early move into artificial intelligence (AI). In the company's most recent financial release, revenue from its data center, the segment containing sales from AI, skyrocketed 186% over the prior-year quarter. AI now accounts for more than 21% of NVIDIA's quarterly revenue of nearly $2 billion, up from just 6% two years ago. The company's stock price has followed a similar trajectory, with gains of nearly 1,000% over the past five years.  Those gains have been driven by NVIDIA's graphics processing units (GPUs), which were the top choice for training AI systems. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) division Google has been at the forefront of AI development with its Google Brain and, later, with its acquisition of Deep Mind, both specializing in the area of deep-learning neural networks. It's also been a big user of NVIDIA's GPU's. Now recent developments at Google may be about to change the status quo and put NVIDIA's near monopoly in training AI systems and its future growth in jeopardy. Google's TPU may be a rival to NVIDIA's GPU. Image source: Google. Taking the fight to NVIDIA Last week at Google's 2017 I/O Developers Conference, the company unveiled the newest version of its Tensor processing unit (TPU), the chip it developed in-house for its AI systems. The bombshell, however, was the revelation that the new version of the TPU could handle both training and inference -- the previous version could only handle inference. What does this mean, and what does any of it have to do with NVIDIA and the GPU? A little background Unless you work in the field, you probably don't know that AI happens in two distinct phases. The first is the training of AI systems, which involves creating the algorithms and building the software models, called neural networks, and training them to perform a specific task such as image recognition or language processing. This training phase is computational and mathematically intensive.  Once these systems are trained, they then go about the task for which they were designed, sifting through massive amounts of data and using their unique ability to recognize patterns, to perform these data-intensive tasks with speed and precision. The execution of these tasks is called inference, as the system infers things from the data it's processing based on its training.  Until now, GPUs were the best option for training AI systems. These chips have the ability to perform a massive number of mathematical calculations in parallel or simultaneously, which is what makes them so perfect for rendering graphics. It's also what made them the ideal choice for training AI. The rapid and enormous parallel processing provided by the humble GPU had no equal. There's more Google also announced that it developed a system to string together 64 TPUs on a server called a "TPU pod," which will produce unrivaled computational ability. Fei-Fei Li, Google's chief scientist of AI and machine learning and the director of Stanford's AI Lab, indicates that the new supercomputer will be "delivering a staggering 180 teraflops of computing power and are built for just the kind of number crunching that drives machine learning today."  A "TPU pod," built with 64 second-generation TPUs delivers up to 11.5 petaflops of machine-learning acceleration. Image source: Google. In a blog, Jeff Dean, a senior fellow on the Google Brain team, wrote: "Using these TPU pods, we've already seen dramatic improvements in training times. One of our new large-scale translation models used to take a full day to train on 32 of the best commercially available GPUs -- now it trains to the same accuracy in an afternoon using just one-eighth of a TPU pod."  When Google introduced its first TPU at the I/O Developers Conference in May 2016, CEO Sundar Pichai said, "TPUs are an order of magnitude higher performance per watt than commercial FPGAs [field-programmable gate arrays] and GPUs." The new chip was more energy efficient and specifically designed to integrate with TensorFlow, Google's software library for training AI systems. This optimized hardware and software combination had been employed in-house at Google for more than a year. While GPUs were still the chip of choice for training, Google's new TPU had an edge in inference, the work performed once the system was trained. Going forward NVIDIA isn't ceding its lead in the field without a fight. It recently introduced its own tensor technology, along with other advancements in its GPU architecture. It's been the industry standard for some time, and that isn't likely to change overnight. Still, investors should be aware that the field of AI is still in its infancy and the technology is changing almost daily. NVIDIA is still the biggest player in town when it comes to training AI systems, but Google has thrown down the gauntlet and putting the company on notice that it isn't the only game in town.  Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Danny Vena owns shares of Alphabet (A shares). Danny Vena has the following options: long January 2018 $640 calls on Alphabet (C shares) and short January 2018 $650 calls on Alphabet (C shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Daniel W. Vena, CPA, CGMA is long-term investor searching for intangibles that provide explosive growth opportunities in his investments. He served on active duty with the US Army and has a Bachelors degree in accounting. Follow @dannyvena Article Info May 25, 2017 at 7:54PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $991.86 up $14.25 (1.46%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $138.26 down $0.31 (-0.22%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $969.54 up $14.58 (1.53%) Read More Here's What's Really Holding Virtual Reality Back Why Advanced Micro Devices Stock Surged Today What NVIDIA Corporation's Volta Architecture Means for Gaming Roundtable: 1 Stock I'm Never Selling Why NVIDIA Corporation's Volta Gaming Products Won't Use HBM2 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Google Just Fired a Shot Across NVIDIA's Bow @themotleyfool #stocks $GOOGL, $NVDA, $GOOG
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Facebook Just Lost a Big Battle to Google for Publishers By George Slefo - 5 minutes ago Array 0 AT&T's DirecTV Now Online Service Said to See Growth Sputter 2 hours ago Array 0 The Washington Post Gets Its Own Reddit Page By Garett Sloane - 3 hours ago Array 0 What China's Live Streaming Crackdown Mean for Marketers By Angela Doland - 6 hours ago Array 0 ZTE Taps Energy BBDO for Creative Following $900 Million U.S. Sanctions Fine By Lindsay Stein - 6 hours ago Array 0 The Washington Post Gets Its Own Reddit Page By Garett Sloane - 3 hours ago 0 Facebook Just Lost a Big Battle to Google for Publishers By George Slefo - 5 minutes ago 0 AT&T's DirecTV Now Online Service Said to See Growth Sputter 2 hours ago 0 This Bible-Koran Mashup Highlights the Similarities Between Christians and Muslims By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 Instagram Tests Direct Response Ads in Stories By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 How Google Plans to Kill 'Last Click Attribution' By George Slefo - 2 days ago 0 'She's Such an Idiot': Does Your Boss Know You Said That About Her on Slack? By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 A PR Guy Is the Most Liked CEO in Advertising By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Golden Age of TV Shows Signs of Cracks as Some Channels Give Up - Yesterday 0 Amid Plummeting Sales, JC Penney Taps New CMO With 'Broad Retail Expertise' By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Facebook Just Lost a Big Battle to Google for Publishers By George Slefo. Published on May 25, 2017. An AMP article on Facebook. Credit: Courtesy of Facebook Facebook hasn't lost the war against Google for publishers' content, but it looks like it's losing one fight. The company said Thursday that it's created a software extension that lets publishers easily transfer content formatted for its Instant Articles to the No. 1 competition for mobile readers in a hurry, Google AMP. AMP pages load near instantaneously, get prime real estate in Google search results, and have seen widespread adoption from both publishers and ecommerce players such as eBay and 1800Flowers. (Pages that load faster often lead to an uptick in sales.) Unlike AMP pages, Instant Articles keep the user on Facebook. The benefit for publishers is that their content loads faster. Related Stories Why Google AMP Is So Much Faster in Three Dramatic Charts With Accelerated Mobile Pages Coming This Month, Google Aims to Reinvent the Mobile Web Battle For Mobile Web Ramps Up as WordPress Creates Plugin to Automate Facebook Instant Articles Retail Websites Pile on the Ad Tech, but May Be Repeating Publishers' Mistakes Publishers can sell ads in too, so in theory there's no loss of revenue opportunity. But Facebook's latest move underscores earlier reports that publishers have grown frustrated with the Instant Articles format. The New York Times, for example, has completely pulled out from Instant Articles. The Guardian said last month that it was also dropping the format. "The revenue in no way backed up the amount of time that was being spent on it," Jason Kint, CEO of Digital Content Next, previously told The Verge. Google AMP, meanwhile, has seen success. Google said last week that there are more than 1.7 billion AMP pages on 860,000 domains, with 35 million new pages being created each week. Facebook said it also plans to allow its extension to format Instant Articles to Apple News' offering in the near future. The company called the updates a "commitment to open standards of collaboration with the community." That may be, but creating technology to convert content into AMP pages isn't revolutionary. Wordpress, for example, allowed anyone to create an AMP site by simply checking a box, and that feature came out more than a year ago. In this article: Digital Media Online Publishing Social Technology Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Risk Assessment — E-mails phished from Russian critic were “tainted” before being leaked Campaign targeting more than 200 people also spread disinformation, report says. Dan Goodin - May 26, 2017 12:05 am UTC Enlarge / This fraudulent e-mail was sent in a successful attempt to phish the Gmail password for reporter David Satter. Citizen Lab reader comments 44 Share this story E-mails stolen in a phishing attack on a prominent critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin were manipulated before being published on the Internet. That's according to a report published Thursday, which also asserts that the e-mails were manipulated in order to discredit a steady stream of unfavorable articles. Further ReadingRussia-linked phishing campaign behind the DNC breach also hit Podesta, PowellThe phishing attack on journalist David Satter's Gmail account was strikingly similar to the one that hit Hillary Clinton presidential campaign chairman John Podesta last year. The attack on Satter looked almost identical to the security warnings Google sends when attackers obtain a subscriber's password. Code embedded inside led Satter to a credential-harvesting site that was disguised to look like Google's password-reset page. With that, the site automatically downloaded all of Satter's private correspondence. Thursday's report from the University of Toronto's Citizen Lab stopped short of saying Russia's government was behind the phishing attack and subsequent manipulation of Satter's e-mail. US intelligence officials, however, have determined that Russia was behind the attacks on Podesta and other Democratic officials. Thursday's report also said the same attack on Satter targeted 218 other individuals, including a former Russian Prime Minister, members of cabinets from Europe and Eurasia, ambassadors, high-ranking military officers, and CEOs of energy companies. Shortly after the report was published, CNN investigative reporter Michael Weiss said on Twitter that attackers used Satter's compromised Gmail account in an attempt to phish him, too. The attack was foiled when Weiss sent a response asking Satter to call and confirm it was safe to open an attached file. Enlarge Michael Weiss In Thursday's report, Citizen Lab researchers wrote: The targets we found are connected to, or have access to, information concerning issues in which the Russian government has a demonstrated interest. These issues range from investigations of individuals close to the Russian president, to the Ukraine, NATO, foreign think-tanks working on Russia and the Crimea, grantmakers supporting human rights and free expression in Russia, and the energy sector in the Caucasus. Considering this primary Russian focus, as well as the technical evidence pointing to overlaps and stylistic similarities with groups attributed to the Russian government, we believe there is strong circumstantial—but not conclusive—evidence for Russian-government sponsorship of the phishing campaign and the tainted leaks. Some of the documents obtained in the phishing attack on Satter were published by CyberBerkut, a self-described pro-Russian group. One e-mail was heavily edited to make Satter appear to be paying Russian reporters and activists to write stories critical of the Russian government. The edited e-mail gave the impression the articles were part of a large and non-existent project to pay for articles by a range of authors, which would subsequently be published by a range of media outlets. The Citizen Lab report came the same day The Wall Street Journal reported that Guccifer 2.0, the public persona who last year published large amounts of e-mails stolen from Democratic officials, privately sent Democratic voter-turnout analyses to a Republican political operative in Florida. The revelation shows how Guccifer 2.0's already considerable influence extended to "exposing Democrats' get-out-the vote strategies in swing states," the WSJ reported. While Guccifer 2.0 has long claimed to be a Romanian activist, US intelligence officials have said they believe the figure works on behalf of the Russian military. Dan Goodin Dan is the Security Editor at Ars Technica, which he joined in 2012 after working for The Register, the Associated Press, Bloomberg News, and other publications. Email dan.goodin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @dangoodin001 reader comments 44 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Rajan Anandan is new IAMAI chairman Rajan Anandan is new IAMAI chairman The Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) has appointed Rajan Anandan, Google’s vice-president, Southeast Asia and India, as its new chairman. By: FE Bureau | Bengaluru | Published: May 26, 2017 5:33 AM He will take over from FreeCharge co-founder and chairman Kunal Shah, who was appointed in January 2016.(PTI) The Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) has appointed Rajan Anandan, Google’s vice-president, Southeast Asia and India, as its new chairman. He will take over from FreeCharge co-founder and chairman Kunal Shah, who was appointed in January 2016. Deep Kalra, chairman and group CEO of online travel agent MakeMyTrip, is the new vice-chairman of the association, IAMAI said. Kalra takes over from Vinodh Bhat, co-founder and president of audio and music streaming service Saavn. Umang Bedi, managing director, India and South Asia at Facebook, has been elected as the new treasurer, while Subho Ray will continue as the IAMAI president. The tenure of the new council will be for two years. IAMAI is the country’s leading association of digital companies. It has a membership of nearly 300 Indian and overseas companies, and has offices in Delhi, Mumbai, Bengaluru and Kolkata. The association said the new council will work towards increasing the internet user- base, especially in rural areas, promote local language content and the digital start-up ecosystem in the country. No Comments. Don't Miss Narendra Modi in Assam Live Updates: PM says Dhola-Sadiya Bridge is a base for economic revolution Could Videocon be next Kingfisher? Stock value falls to half in 5 sessions over loan default fears AirAsia considers buying made in China C919 aeroplane, says foolish to ignore new options Mark Zuckerberg trolled at Harvard! Hackers fill college newspaper with fake news and pictures of Facebook founder When PM Narendra Modi told the crowd to flash their mobile phone lights to show the world the immensity of the moment RERA will act as a booster for big players of real estate; 5 top picks Missing IAF Sukhoi-30 fighter jet wreckage finally found in Assam after 3-day gap PM Narendra Modi dedicates Dhola-Sadiya Bridge to people of Assam, calls it proud moment for India 3 years of Modi government: PM has failed to create jobs for the desperate young people who gave him massive mandate On Sonia Gandhi's call, 5 things Opposition will discuss to put Modi government on the mat today Business Gallery Sachin: A Billion Dreams: Indian cricket team attends screening, Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh, others have gala time; check pics Britain on high alert: UK raises threat level to maximum after terror attack; take a look PM Narendra Modi brings Narmada water to parched Kutch; here’s how Narendra Modi Gujarat visit: PM inaugurates projects at Kandla Port; see photos IPL 2017 Final – Mumbai Indians vs Pune Supergiant: Rohit Sharma puts it across Steve Smith, MS Dhoni by 1 run to lift trophy Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News असम: प्रधानमंत्री नरेंद्र मोदी ने किया देश के सबसे लंबे पुल का उद्घाटन, थोड़ी देर में देंगे भाषण देश का सबसे लंबा पुल: असम के सीएम ने 2003 में पीएम वाजपेयी से मांगा था, आज नरेंद्र मोदी करेंगे उद्घाटन मोदी सरकार के 3 साल पूरे होने पर कांग्रेस की प्रेस कॉन्फ्रेंस, कहा- सिर्फ भाषण और आश्वासन का शासन Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home Macau Our Team Editorial Statute Code of Ethics Archive Archive 2009-2014 Archive 2007-2009 Contacts Extra Times Drive In Book It tTunes Features World of Bacchus Taste of Edesia Search for: FOUNDER & PUBLISHER Kowie Geldenhuys EDITOR-IN-CHIEF Paulo Coutinho Macau, Macau Forum Business China Asia World Sports Interview Editorial Opinion Photo Shop DAILY EDITION 8 hours ago Friday, May 26, 2017 – edition no. 2810 EXTRA TIMES 8 hours ago Mexico, drugs and headlines | The year(s) of living dangerously OTHER ARTICLES 64th Macau Grand Prix | WTCC return not confirmed Brasilia on fire | Brazil president revokes order deploying troops in capital Environment | Air quality improving after HK, Guangdong initiatives AL Plenary | Lawmakers deem high officials accountable for problems reported by CCAC 28th Macao Arts Festival | Icelandic take on The Seagull to close out event MDT LIVE TRACK FEED Live Traffic Stats LATEST COMMENTS Georgia on Environment IACM spends MOP500,000 in educational farm Ka.chng on Firm linked to Imperial Pacific arranged Saipan lawmakers’ trips SaipanSam on Firm linked to Imperial Pacific arranged Saipan lawmakers’ trips John on Letter to the Editor | Bilinguals’ initial delay ‘is only natural’ L on Aerial photography book launched today MDT MACAU GRAND PRIX SPECIAL SUBSCRIBE TO MDT NEWSLETTER Email * Home | China | AlphaGo | Computer wins second game against Chinese go champion AlphaGo | Computer wins second game against Chinese go champion - Friday, May 26, 2017 - 8 hours ago No Comments 229 Views Go player Ke Jie (center) speaks at a press conference after a match against Google’s AI program, AlphaGo A computer beat China’s top player of go, one of the last games machines have yet to master, for a second time yesterday in a competition authorities limited the Chinese public’s ability to see. Ke Jie lost despite playing what Google’s AlphaGo indicated was the best game any opponent has played against it, said Demis Hassabis, founder of the company that developed the program. AlphaGo defeated Ke, a 19-year-old prodigy, in their first game Tuesday during a forum organized by Google on artificial intelligence in Wuzhen, a town west of Shanghai. They play a final game Saturday. AlphaGo previously defeated European and South Korean champions, surprising players who had expected it to be at least a decade before computers could master the game. Internet users outside China could watch this week’s games live but Chinese censors blocked most mainland web users from seeing the Google site carrying the feed. None of China’s dozens of video sites carried the live broadcasts but a recording of Tuesday’s game was available the following night on one popular site, Youku.com. State media reports on the games have been brief, possibly reflecting Beijing’s antipathy toward Google, which closed its China-based search engine in 2010 following a dispute over censorship and computer hacking. Google says 60 million people in China watched online when AlphaGo played South Korea’s go champion in March 2016. The official response to the match, a major event for the worlds of go and artificial intelligence, reflects the conflict between the ruling Communist Party’s technology ambitions and its insistence on controlling what its public can see, hear and read. The government encourages internet use for business and education but tries to block access to material considered subversive. The possible reason for suppressing coverage while allowing Google to organize the event was unclear. Censorship orders to Chinese media are officially secret and government officials refuse to confirm whether online material is blocked. Yesterday, AlphaGo “thought that Ke Jie played perfectly” for the first 50 moves, Hassabis said at a news conference. “For the first roughly 100 moves, it is the closest game we have ever seen anyone play against the master version of AlphaGo,” he said. Ke said the computer made unexpected moves after playing more methodically on Tuesday. “From the perspective of human beings, it stretched a little bit and I was surprised at some points,” he said. “I also thought that I was very close to winning the match in the middle,” Ke said. “I could feel my heart thumping. But maybe because I was too excited, I did some wrong or stupid moves. I guess that’s the biggest weak point of human beings.” This week’s games are taking place in a hall where Chinese leaders hold the annual World Internet Conference, an event attended by global internet companies. AP Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Categories China Share This Post Related Posts Beijing protests US Navy patrol through South China Sea China and Pakistan working to free abducted Chinese China shuts only undersea coal mine amid production rebound Beijing shuts some live streaming sites, punishes companies No Comments Cancel Reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © Macau Daily Times 2008-2017. All Rights Reserved Contact our Administrator Contact our Director Contacts Contact for Subscriptions and Issues Contact Our Advertising Department Contact Our Managing Editor Contact Our Newsroom Contact Our Newsroom Secretary Home Our Team Search results Editorial Statute Code of Ethics
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 130 Plus 1 on G+ 319 Share on Facebook 84 Share on Twitter Total Shares533 Android OS Legal Marshmallow 6.0 News Nexus 6P The Android hardware space is fast beginning to look like a watered down episode of Suits. Following on from news earlier in the week that LG is facing a bootloop lawsuit regarding several of its phones, Huawei's Nexus 6P could be responsible for Google encountering a similar inconvenience. As well as being accused of the same bootloop problem that has blighted LG devices, there are reports from consumers that the Nexus 6P has a premature battery shutdown problem. We reported late last year that certain Huawei Nexus 6Ps were suffering from the early shutdown problem, causing them to die with as much as 60% battery still indicated. Now, law firm Chimicles & Tikellis LLP is investigating the possibility of bringing a class action lawsuit against Google on behalf of customers who have faced this issue. Also included in any potential suit would be the same bootloop issue that has also affected owners of the LG Nexus 5X. The problems have mostly been reported by users running Android 7.0 Nougat, but there are also claims that backpedalling to Marshmallow 6.0 on the same devices doesn't fix anything. Neither Google nor Huawei seems to be taking either responsibility or action to resolve issues such as these. While Google is aware of the problems, having assigned both the shutdown and bootloop issues in its tracker, its official position is that those affected by the issue should reach out to customer support for a replacement device. But customers going directly to Huawei about the fault are also out of luck, as they are being told that the problem is with the software and not the hardware, and thus not an issue covered by the manufacturer's warranty - whether it's still in date or not. This is a very frustrating situation for the consumer when neither company seems willing to investigate properly or hold their hands up. Let us know in the comments if any of you Nexus 6P owners have experienced either issue. We'll report back with any further developments as they come in. Source: Chimicles & Tikellis LLP Tags bootloop Google huawei lawsuit nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support ... Next Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → IsaacJacobs Boot loop here. Thankfully our Ombudsman financially bullies the carrier until we get a resolution in Australia. Got a free refurb replacement, hopefully won't suffer the same. Matthew Hanson Mine seems to love to die around 10%. As a few others have stated, the low power notification will appear, I will use it for a few minutes and then it powers off. The battery history shows this steep cliff falloff after beginning the recharging and power on. Melad360 i always saw my 6p shut off as soon as the power saving mode came on at 15% battery. this started to happen after an update, i think 7.0 or 7.1, never happened before that though Latheryin This really is a software issue with what they ship out to nexus devices. It also effects the nexus 6 from Motorola. Seems every nexus device that got 7.x has this issue. Packer Backer Nope, doesn't affect the Nexus 6. Provide some links or just don't comment. Latheryin Sorry not a baby sitter. Why not do some research before you post. Also might want to look at the source code and try to understand what you are talking about before posting. abrasive I myself did start to see this issue after about a year, but the device was easily replaced for another warranty-related issue. I would assume my clock was started over again. Not that I haven't seen the same problem on computers with old batteries, but I would hope to get substantially more mileage out of a battery. Nexus 6p Issues Its about time! There are so many issues with the Google branded phones, it doesn't make any sense. We have already reached out to the firm to provide any support they need in accomplishing their potential goal of this class action lawsuit. Its time someone sticks up for the consumers who have been ripped off by this multi-billion dollar company. In the mean time, please follow us on Twitter and sign our petition at Change.org regarding this very issue. We have a lot of signatures and would appreciate your's and your share as well. Thank you in advance! 3fren I'm seeing so many comments about the battery issue going away with just replacing it. I guess I have to give it try. I'm always cautious when it comes to replacing a OEM battery with a replica though. Doug The early shutdown has been an issue on my Nexus 6P ever since I upgraded to Android 7. This has been a frustrating experience - I cannot trust the phone to not die on me when I need it and find myself constant carrying an external battery pack so I can start my phone back up if it dies. P. Sherman Just get an iPhone. It has SIGNIFICANTLY LESS DEVASTATING defects and actually functional software Quality Control team. thereasoner Lol, iOS is the worst when it comes to software issues and iPhone hardware is junk. No Google devices have yet to suffer the nightmares that were error 53 and Touch Disease much less the related class action lawsuits against Apple because of them! Are you trying to be funny? P. Sherman Yeah, no Android devices have had to deal with Touch Disease or error 53. Instead, they spontaneously combust (Note 7,) bootloop for no reason at all (ALL LG'S,) have glass backs that pop out when exposed to a little heat (Xperia Z2 and Z3,) have nearly unusable Bluetooth connectivity (Pixel, Xperia Z5,) heat so badly you can cook an egg on it (every Android that had a massive update,)... I could go on! I'm simply stating that iOS has historically been significantly less buggy and disastrous than Android when a new update rolls around (Think the disaster that was KitKat to Lollipop. The transition from iOS 6 to 7 was SIGNIFICANTLY less dramatic than that in terms of bugs and drains.) Also, Have an open mind and stop automagically trashing the iPhone. The iPhone may be lacking significantly in some areas, but it has two significant advantages - USABILITY AND LONGEVITY. thereasoner Correct, any serious issues facing Android phones have been a one off affecting only one model out of dozens of different models/manufacturers while both device bricking issues found in recent iPhones in error 53 and touch disease affected a much smaller base of phones and just one manufacturer . All the other minor issues you mentioned, be they real or exaggerated, are also very similar to minor issues various iPhones have faced as well its just that it's even worse for iPhones because there are so few models from one manufacturer(and they're still worse) vs several dozens models from over a dozen different manufacturers. That's how bad iPhones are when they have more serious issues despite producing so few models. Issues with Android phone should dwarf those of iPhones by a huge margin considering how many models /manufacturers are involved but they don't, the iPhones still manage to be worse! It's mind boggling when you think about but that's how bad Apple quality is these days. Jon Puhl My 6P is absolutely absurd. It shuts down as high up as 51%, and almost always when the battery percentage is lower than 30%. I'm really upset about this, because it's Google's last Nexus flagship, and it can't even last a full two years without having this dumb battery problem. Daniel Orchard I got a full refund for my 6p, and bought a pixel xl, was out of pocket a little for the upgrade but device was just out of warranty so im still happy with the outcome. Props to Google store support. Yeah i still l got charged the pixel while waiting for the refund, took about 2 weeks to come through but they organised the return shipping etc just like an rma. Im actually really happy. Mine would shutdown between 15-30% and i only lived with that for 2 weeks before starting the process of fixing it. Yes it happened after moving to 7.0 and yes rolling back to 6.x did not fix it so im convinced its software, nfi why they havent rolled out a fix yet. I suggest doing the same because all replacement n6p are still vulnerable to the bug afaik. Morenicano Just wanna make sure I follow, You saying you had your 6P for more than a year and they authorized a refund? I ask because I just reached them for an exchange but if I can get a refund and upgrade to the Pixel, I'll do it. Morenicano Just a heads up, JUST I contacted Google through the support tab in the settings of my 6P and they warranty replaced both mine and my wife's 6P and we bought them through Project Fi in November 2015 with no extended warranty. They said it's a known issue and setup the replacement with no problem and it has next (business) day shipping for the new one and you send the old one back once you have the new one up and running. They do put a hold for the value of the phone on your card while they wait for the old one to come back but they don't charge you Cory Wilson Crybabies. Seriously, my phone developed the issue last week, contacted Google, now I'm rocking a brand new Nexus 6p. Luckily I happened to be on the last day of my warranty but I also got protect so even if I was out of warranty I wasn't paying another $500 again. Just call Google instead of your lawyers dumb asses Packer Backer Wow, a snowflake playing Internet tough guy. Brandon Andrews I had my Nexus 6P become bricked by the bootloop issue. I bought my phone through Best buy and was still well within my 1 year manufacturer warranty when the problem occurred. Unfortunately when I called Best buy customer service and asked how to take care of the situation they told me to send it to this company called Jeg & Sons to get the problem reviewed and a replacement. Needless to say there was like a month long ordeal of mix ups with this company before they finally sent my phone back and told me they don't deal with my phone. Finally I eventually figured out I needed to send my phone to Huawei and they replaced my phone no problem. Sarah Despars I've never had this issue with my 6p so far. Hopefully it doesn't start! k_nonymous I experience this exact same problem and it drives me nuts. Battery saver mode on my 6P is supposed to be activated at 15% battery. The phone shuts off before it ever gets to that point. Also, 95% battery life is equivalent to 1h 5m???? Packer Backer Well well, according to thereasoner he thinks it's your fault. gparmar76 This is 100% hardware related...If it was the OS, it would be a widespread issue across all Android 7 handsets...Huawei is using cheap batteries... People who like the phone should go buy a replacement from a company like Zero Lemon (if available)..Or just buy another stock battery. Kirkster My Nexus 6P is 11 months old, and so far the only anomaly I've had is that it spontaneously factory-reset while in my pants pocket about two weeks ago, which was annoying. I recovered from the cloud backup, which restored all my apps, settings, etc, and my photos were set to back up to Google photos. I lost my call log and SMS messages though, but luckily most of my messaging is via WhatsApp (which restored everything). Still, annoying. I now have a SMS+call log app installed in case it happens again. No battery problems *yet*, now I'm dreading the one-year mark, after reading all the comments. Chalet_Badger My 6P bootloops, i can get it to start normally when the battery is ~5% or so but it will freeze and start to bootloop about a minute or two after. Duane I've had no issue with my 6p. Sounds like an annoying issue from the comments here. Robert B I've been having this problem for a few months now...I carry external battery around all the time because you never know when it feels like it's going to shut off and not turn back on Packer Backer According to thereasoner, it's your fault. clarence jones My 6p did not have the random shutdown at a certain percent issue before. After the 7.1.2 update it would crash and restart when the camera app was opened. About two days after the update it started boot looping and nothing i have tried has gotten it to successfully boot again. Packer Backer Tell thereasoner because he thinks it's your fault. Spudos Woah I thought this was just me. My ending battery life varies wildly, sometimes dying at 15% and on bad days dying around 40-50%. I would replace the battery myself but the teardown process looks like it requires an electrical engineering degree. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. Maybe you should straighten him out. Đức Thành Maybe Google deserves to be sued. Kyle Zess I am plagued by this issue. My phone shutdown after 5 minutes of non charging use. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. David Vogt Only time mine would shut down early at 30% or less is if I was out in freezing cold weather, phone just didn't like freezing weather, keep it warm and it's fine blueman24 Just admit it that your "quick charge" bs killed the battery early. Truth hurts huh My Nexus 6p 128 was barely a year old and it never recovered from the bootloop issue where it would keep restarting and not getting past the Google screen then restart over and over, losing precious pictures and videos of my children. My sister's Nexus 5 eventually broke from the bootloop issue 3 months later. We both had the $80 warranty but it seemed unfair having to pay for a replacement REFURBISHED Nexus 6p when the damage was caused by bad software. Sucked how although Nexus/Google/Huwei knew of ongoing repeated problems a 6 -9 months earlier, yet FAILED to try to resolve or prevent the recurring boot loop issue from infecting more phones. Finally, a lawsuit is in place. Damani Boyce After 7.1.1 update my Nexus 6p got bootloop an can't be fixed shame on them not even a reply from Google or Huawei. thereasoner Many on here are saying that they had no problem getting it fixed/replaced. Packer Backer Yeah, it's ALL his fault.... Posts like yours make some people dream of twisting your head off. thereasoner Why would you say it's his fault? Smoking one to many fatties?, Lol. Razed Mine currently dies at around 10%. I use it moderately and have had it since launch. Got Nexus Protect, but that seems worthless as all reports are that using that service will just get me an even worse battery. thereasoner My Pixel has been great, I'll have to ask a friend at work about his 6p to see if he's having issues. By the sounds of it only a small percentage of devices are affected. Packer Backer Nexus 6 by Motorola was a better direction. Gordon Mine would shut off at 25% consistently. I called Huawei and they actually replaced the battery for free. I had to pay for shipping 1 way, but the covered the rest. I got my phone December 2015, and it was just replaced this February. ThEGr33k Which country? Gordon Canada Trey Bradshaw I haven't encountered any bootlooping and my phone doesn't shut off unless my battery drops to about 2%. olivrstal happens to my 6p quite a bit as well :( hope it's gonna make it till the pixel 2 comes out :D mrjoeyloke My wife just got the bootloop of death on her 6p. I think that might be a whole different issue though. Kuldeep Choudhary This happens when a gaint company like google hires a Chinese company to manufacture it's top line product. I'm using my motorola nexus 6 for 2.5 years and still not a single problem im facing and decided to keep it for 1 more year. Omar Al Matar Had the problem, I was out of warranty, called them, no frustration or arguments, 5 minutes i had the email to get my new phone, and i sent them the one i had, i was even out of the country. Now I got it to last me another year, so idk about y'all Kristen Oliver This happened with me until I replaced the battery... At my own cost. Funnily enough that is not a software issue 12321 Please click the links below for details of my experience, which is echoed by thousands of other Nexus 6P owners. My handle is 12321 http://forums.androidcentral.com/nexus-6p/770380-google-takes-no-responsibility-if-os-updates-cause-nexus-6p-devices-randomly-power-off.html https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/google-takes-responsibility-os-updates-t3559030 https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/nexus-6p-randomly-shutting-50-youre-t3522911 https://androidforums.com/threads/7-1-1-from-google-how-is-your-battery-life-new-features.1099435/ abc Yes, please. Sue them! Merxury My Nexus 6p died, it stuck at bootloop every time when I turn on my phone. Sara Bales I've had the Huawei Nexus 6P since July of 2016, purchased new in the box. It started randomly shutting down within weeks, often multiple times a day. It was annoying and inconvenient, even shutting down once when I was on a 911 call reporting an intruder in the garage (talk about chaos. . . I had to wait for it to reboot and call again). My phone entered the "boot loop of death" the last week of March. The first 6 or so crashes, it rebooted just fine. But then it started getting hung up on the rainbow google animations, until finally it wouldn't even push past the Google screen. I was able to pull up the barcodes but other system reboots were useless. Since my phone is still under warranty, Huawei agreed to repair it but I had to wait 5 days for a label from UPS. It's been almost 3 weeks and I've heard nothing. They also didn't offer to send a loaner phone. At least mine was under warranty, I see on the forum that Google and Huawei have refused to help and neither want to accept responsibility. Ron Nguyen My 6p shutdown prematurely everyday but at different battery percentages. Mostly around 30%, but I have had 40, 50s and 60. Anunnaki A battery replacement fixes the early shutdown problem. Sriidhar sriidhar My 6p died couple of weeks ago and Google and Huawei must be sued for not taking the responsibility, I'm a student and I saved a lot of money to buy the phone but now they're like, it's not our concern as you're out of warranty! Konstigt2 Very good, they should have issued a recall and fixed them all. To not have your phone avail when you need it in case of emergency could be fatal. I have gotten my battery and screen replaced and that fixed it for me. arpit saxena My 6p shutdown few months back, after bootloop and hasn't been turned on since them. Both companies failed to address the situation and to fix the fault Huawei asks for 400$. I don't seem to find any kind of Justice in this area. David Berry All you poor nexus folks hot rolled. High price.shite processor thats had issues in every phone its been put in & sealed in battery copping quick charge for 12months through then the new usbc port then add that to the Chinese manufacturer &issues that causes with returns & you have a massive recipie for disaster. So is your nexus 6p still beter than an s7e or note5or7?Maybe the little fire issue puts it on a par with note 7 just but with that 810 inside it was always doomed from the start. No wonder they canned it for the now overpriced pixel. I think id rather a umi z plus for under half the price. So wheres the samsung haters now? I hate them too but they do make the best phones once you tweak this & that & set it up right. My note5 died after 18 months too. It did cop a real hammering as a wifi hotspot for a while there though. It used to get real hot with a few people connected at once & my bro never let it rest & would run it hot & flat every day. Sometimes 2x a day so it was to be expected. I got 2 note 7s for Sweet f%$ck all & a free s7e from samsung so ill forgive them a little & send back my note5 in the fire proof box & keep the other note 7 as a spare & as compensation for losing all my music &stuff on the note5& the fiasco of the n7recall. Sealed in batteries suck unless you replace your phone every 18months. Boy Ling Mine shuts down at 33% maybe 8 Times out of 10. I never updated to android 7. Mandeep Singh Pannu Mine normally dies off at 30%, then I connected it to charge, it comes back on at 30%.... Also I live up north in the UK, and at early in the morning, if I go out, and it's too cold it just dies randomly theadamsegal Very disappointed with Google. My Nexus 6P started shutting off at around 20% less than a year after I purchased it. The basically pulled an Apple with the release of the Pixel. After purchasing 3 Nexus phones in 4 years, I won't be buying a Google handset again. Ashwini Kumar Same issue here. Phone dies suddenly at 10-15% without any warnings. I love the phone but battery is pathetic. I barely get 10 hours on light usage. I hate apple but the 6s plus from work would be at 50% battery at the end of the day. First google deserted the nexus brand and then not honouring the issue. Disappointed! Sean Stone I'm currently replying from my just received RMA replacement for the boot loop issue. My warranty was technically up in November but the Google Tech Support hooked me up anyway. Better outcome than I was expecting. Thomas Boel Mine shut's down at round about 20%, but only when the screen is turned on! The warning comes and immediately it starts shutting down. Maggie Smith I don't get any warning. It just reboots at random. I wish I did get a warning. David Schleifstein Shuts down at 15% for me, closer to 30% for my wife's. I also noticed that a short time in colder temperatures can cause the battery to drop dead at 50% and up. Ger PG How is this affecting users? David McFee Same issue. Daily premature shutdown. So annoying. Jon Watts Get a grip people. It's just a phone. If it doesn't work just get a new one. I've had the 6P since its release in 2015. Yes I've had a few issues but nothing that didn't eventually get fixed. Dirge Yeah, all those thousands of people that suffer from this problem better just get a grip. So Google sold a defective product, so what? Go buy another one. Duh. "I'm not having any problems therefore these people need to get their shit together." *Rolls eye's* Drew Harden https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fff14c9ec4b9b4966ae37554f13b373d9bfa270aa644c3e5ef01a5fca3723410.png Mine usually shuts down when the phone is pretty cold and then I turn the screen on and then it just dies. In the warmer weather it still dies with 15% every time though. If I start a Snapchat video below 20% it's instantly off. Dan Molina I haven't had a shut down at 60% but I get it at 25% pretty consistently. Bootloop is rare too; however, I do get random restarts usually while on a phone call. Danny Mestriner Good, maybe they will finally get off their lazy asses and treat us like actual customers. I also have the shutdown issue since Nougat. Philip Quach I've had the same issue even after factory reset. It's especially bad when the temperature outside is cold. I'm really disappointed with Huawei and Google about this. Artūras Rimonis Having the same issue. It always shuts down at 15% or even more. Cara Buttitta sometimes mine dies at 20% sometimes at 60%. just today my 6p was at 90%, I took one picture without the flash and it shut down. very frustrating David Perez Yes, it's been an issue since nougat, from what I recall. Both Nexus 6p devices I have suffered from increased battery drain, and sudden shutdown anywhere from 15 to 25%. Google points to Huawei, Huawei points to Google. I downgraded one device back to marshmallow. Battery drain is still pronounced, but at least no shutdown. I get my warning at 15% and can run until the single digits. John Adams Will die between 20-35% every time, also randomly restarts at around 50%. This phone has been plagued with bugs since release... Jordan Hindley https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0aef98131463828edbc4ecec53b90938738636b0a4ab26649126e2b51247d48d.png My device shuts down at lots of different battery percentages and won't reboot until i attach to a power source. It's a nightmare. MeanBeans I get that all the time as well even after I changed the battery Mike I Easy. Have Google make their own phones. Call them, oh, Pixel? I'm writing this on my lg5x with 7.1.2. Very happy with it, but will take 200 off coupon on the LG g6 against any and all future 5x claims. Seiga Is it safe to say I should utilize my Nexus protect? I too am suffering from this issue. CJ Nexus 6p start shutting down with 1 to 2 times a day, which increase to more than 10 times within 3 month..huwaei and Google blaming each other for issues..phone is under warranty, but can't do anything.. Miresnare Love my 6p. Never had an issue with it apart from the slo-mo on the camera. Wonderful device. Rob Paek My 6P shut off abruptly right after it gave me the 15% warning the other day. Other than that it has been freezing lately and forcing me to reboot. lance colton Suing is great and all, but every AMERICAN class action lawsuit does absolutely nothing for those of us that aren't in the USA. All the times Nvidia and Sony got sued for stuff they sold me that didn't work as advertised, I'm entitled to NOTHING. This phone is such garbage. Just got it back from the bootloop repair, and the battery starts dying at 20% left. Then 40%. Yesterday, 60%. WTF. I don't think it's Google's fault, though. They would have fixed the software if they can by now. More like Huawei built this thing out of garbage, so it actually needs to be replaced after a year. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/776a4957bbcf9a86578fe290eba3107f160fabf3d0d520adb81993f61d67cca0.png You wouldn't believe the trouble I had getting this thing in for repairs either. I bought it from my carrier so I can't deal with Google or Huawei. They do troubleshooting but for warranty I have to deal with 'Freedom mobile'. I have to go into a certain shopping mall and go to a specific kiosk that is a designated repair center. They refused to honor the terms of the warranty, specifically that the original bootloop repair gives me 90 days more warranty. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/735c6d189c2684ae884f4c97c0d443766058dfa8c7119577c26c17b6da30b031.png Even the Huawei website says it's under warranty for a few more days. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/63182bf80270d912f90486d64178eff22d06e6ef98c0bbc1b1c6fcad3b6f4c62.png I had to give up at the kiosk, go to my car, and phone 611. Talked to an idiot that wastes my time with irrelevant troubleshooting, then she tries to tell me the warranty is expired too. Ask for a supervisor. Same story, but she speaks better English. I argue with her that they need to honor the terms on their website, but she says I'm not understanding them. I refuse to give up, she finally places me on hold for 5 min, comes back, admits I'm correct. I still have 3 days warranty according to her now. She puts a note on the account, then I go back to the kiosk, tell the guy there to read the note and finally he calls his manager, and figures out how to process the claim. If they didn't glue the stupid thing together, I'd replace the battery myself. They choose to make it un-repairable, they can fix it. Jeremy Miethker that means its going to bootloop soon. that is what happened to me Cindy Up until the April 2017 update, I was experiencing this same issue. My Nexus 6P would die with as much as 23% battery life left. oscar acevedo Oh that explains why my phone unexpectedly shuts down from time to time. Nexus 6P v7.1.2 blenderboy People still buy google devices like Pixel. Consumers vote with their money. The moment you buy a device you are promoting the brand. I don't think there will be any outcome for this lawsuit. This is just a publicity stunt. Samsung hardware is great, software is shit. Google software is ok but hardware partners do not work properly with Google(initial supply, firmware updates, warranty replacements). I am waiting for Pixel(maybe in 2 yrs) after seeing how current Pixel owners are treated by Google. Apple hardware is great, software works as expected. I use Linux at home and without itunes it is difficult to use a iPhone. So only option for me is Android. Charles Jordan I have the Nexus 6P a lotnd I have no issues and it's all updated. ThEGr33k Sent mi e of for RMA in the UK they did a "software update" to android 7 and sent it back. Safe to say the early shutdown and terrible battery life is still here... Have sent an email asking for the battery to be replaced so see what i hear back... Felipe I had my 6P fallen into the bootloop problem, I was given a replacement as Huawei honored its 15 months warranty (even though the documentation everywhere says it has 12 months factory warranty, it in fact has 15 months, with Huawei, but NOT with Google, shame Google!). Now, I'm about to get this replacement unit and pray, really pray hard that nothing new appears with this phone. Even tough there are now reports of replaced phones crashing again into the bootloop bug and, recently that Android 7.1.2 final, screwed the fingerprint sensor. Many are not liking the way Google+Huawei (yes, both) is handling this crisis, which in fact is a major one. I think customers who spent lots of hard earned money should get a quality device which keeps on working well, even after its warranty period expired and, wheren there is a well known massive problem, the manufacturer(s) Hardware+Software should honor fixes or reimburses, despite the fact that there are now the Pixels phones. If my replacement phone fails, I'd be more than willing to participate in a class action suit. Jeremy Miethker my brothers replacement phone already went into bootloop 5 days after receiving it. my phone died last week. Jacob Kraniak I thought I was going crazy when I noticed my 6P constantly rebooting on it's own. At least now I know I'm not alone with htis issue. Hopefully they give us something back in return. Maybe a replacement? Hell, I'd rather just return it at this point and use whatever credit they give me towards a Pixel or OP3T. that's not to say I haven't loved the 6P of course. Alexander Dumo Ive had this issue since updating my 6P sometime this past December. We shouldn't have to live with charging our phone before it hits approx 15%-20% battery life. When that warning pops up, the phone just shuts down. Make no sense...please fix this Huawei/Google! Charles Constantine I reported shutdowns at battery levels of 20-60 percentage remaining and was given a list of things to do including a "factory reset" and then told to report back by Google Project fi support. ARDankar I am glad I did not upgrade to nougat yet. Keep me posted on any news regarding issues with the Nexus 6P. David Droddy The Goog replaced my 6P very quickly when I demonstrated the sudden shut down problem even in safe mode and after full factory reset. Why would you report that Google is not responsive to this issue? Seanmiz Yep, I've experienced both issues on my 6P. I got hit with the bootloop of death a few months ago, luckily still under warranty with Huawei and got a replacement. I get the early battery shutdown usually in the 10-20% range. prwnd https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd48abb593ae6c1dd226cbe06ba45cf7195abd40318303b2290ca9229846939e.png Biojoe Me too. Travis Coble Oddly enough, sometimes it shuts down early, and sometimes it's fine. However, given my use of it and constant recharging, I'm convinced that this will end up going nowhere because the problem is actually pretty normal for devices that are going on two years of age due to the use of LIon batteries. People claiming shutdown at 60%? I'd need to see it to believe it... maverick7526 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/3b98bc27cfb84fed5d59d503e403949c6d1cd50a18f37dd23dc58235aba80ad6.png It happens. It happened to me in Feb. It was very cold out and the phone just shut off, and would not turn on again until it was plugged into a charger. Brett Crowley Mine just hit a random boot loop and recovery mode is not working. Jeremy Miethker once it bootloops there is nothing you can do. it is now a cool paper weight Hussain Ahmadi I really hope they sue google for this. 6P keeps restarting without any reason, not to forget the excessive freezing issues. Google is getting very arrogant and need some spanking Hussain Ahmadi And of course this will be the last phone I've ever buy from google. Waiting eagerly for Note 8 mercado79 Yes, both issues. The battery issue was covered under warranty directly by Google. The bootloop issue occurred 1 month out of warranty and both companies told me there​ was nothing they could do for me. Marcin Nowak I had this issue since beginning of the year and Google forums just said wait for update. Finally contacted Google about it just last week feed up asking for help and they told me to F.off pretty much. zefred Got it. It started RIGHT after the one year mark. Contacted google AND Huawei, and was turned down by both. My N6p doesn't even last half a day with recharging. I need to carry extra external batteries everywhere with me, as well as a charge and cable, and the device is barely a year and a half old. NOT a happy camper :( 12321 Law360, Dallas (April 17, 2017, 5:29 PM EDT) -- Google Inc. and Huawei Technologies USA Inc. were hit with a putative class action in Texas federal court Friday over an allegedly defective smartphone, the Nexus 6P, which the user claims suffers from premature battery drainage. Plaintiff Alex Gorbatchev wants to represent a class of consumers who bought the Google Nexus 6P phones, which he says also suffer from a problem that sends the phone into a “death spiral” in which the phones suddenly switch off and then restart in what is referred to as an... https://www.law360.com/texas/articles/913933/class-hits-google-with-suit-over-defective-nexus-phones https://www.courthousenews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Bad-Cellphones.pdf Claude L Now it's getting worst with android 7.1.2. I was also experiencing early shutdown with my 6p when using 7.1.1. But now I'm unable to use my phone on a daily basis without having a early shutdown. Today again battery was at 20% and last week it happened at 37%. I was so happy when I bought my phone a year and a half ago because I was able to use it for the whole day without having to charge the battery... Now I have to carry a charger with me... It sucks theadb Anything we can do in Canada? Mine just shuts off randomly all the time. This is was a RMA from an older 6P that had massive battery issues. The guy I just spoke to said my original warranty was up in January this year and there was nothing he could do. This phone shuts down randomly all the time now. I've missed by alarm to wake up twice now because it just shuts off. Only way to power it back on is to go into bootloader and restart. adi sararu mine had his 20% dying today first time... and after reading above... my time to never touch google phones again :D Steve I had same battery problem with my 6p, rather than taking out a lawsuit against Google I just purchased a new battery and replaced it. Phone no longer has the issue, lawsuit closed Kyle Snider Phone shuts off early on me allllllll the time, does this lawsuit affect us in Canada? Adam Macias I'm suffering the premature battery death. I have yet to cross the boot loop issue though. God help me if I do. Jeremy Miethker well im a not so proud owner of a $800 dollar paper weight. i cant believe how this is being handled they want me to spend $550 to replace it than they will reimburse me. are you kidding me. however was wondering if this would happen again if i did get a new one? Jacob Lunsford My 6P shuts down with anywhere from 10-30% battery remaining. pi app my problem is the uber driver app stopped working on this phone about 2 weeks ago (same app was working fine on this phone for last 8 months). when i log into uber driver app on any other fine it works fine. a chinese person told me because huawei is a chinese company and they hate uber they may have done something to prevent the app from working on their phones. i was going to buy another nexus 6p to see if same problem occurs. then i will know. my battery's been fine with my phone. Svart Adam Solander My phone shutdown at around 20-25%. Quite annoying. sleepytinksy Also have this issue - phone shut down right before the gates opened for a soccer match and they only issued digital tickets, scan-able on the phone. As you can imagine, that was less than ideal. Panda without dark circle My 6p shut down at 35% or below when I travel to Japan on winter, I thought it was because of the cold. But when I back to Malaysia, it shut down at 60% or below, not every time but this scared me. :( And yes, it doesn't warning me at all, shut down without any sign. Ahmad Zaib I am from India and facing the same issue on my Nexus 6P. The Huawei customer care response has been that they are coming up with an official response soon. This has been the status since more than 3 weeks now. Anyone here, who knows what can we expect here or how do we proceed? Tom Z 71% (seventy-one percent) Shutdown! Mine just hit a new low (or high) with this issue. I just had mine shut down at 71% (seventy-one percent) remaining battery life. This is a very big problem. I was taking pictures when the phone just went into shut down. I couldn't get it to stay running until I connected power. This needs to be fixed! I'm on the latest version with April 2017 security updates. Tom boses Same issue here. I'm reaching the shutdown at about about 38% mark! I'm frustrated at Google's inaction! Jay Miller Mine has died anywhere from 43% to 15%. It is random battery percentage for the shutdown, but it always claims it is at 15% then shuts down. The minute you plug it in and turn it on, the battery percentage is what it really shut off at, and it is usually in the high 20's. So yesterday I tried something. I went to the factory images I had for my Nexus, and through ADB, I sent it "back in time" to Android 6.0 (original release firmware). I then put it to the test. I turned on the hotspot and started playing games that I know drain the battery. I got the warning at 15%....no shutdown. I continued further. I got a warning at 14%, at 12%, 10%, 5% and eventually it shutdown at 1%. I placed it on the charger and fired it up and it was "truly" at 1% battery. I haven't seen it fully drain in months. While the claim that new batteries work, it also appears that Google has work to do on their end as well. Reversing the firmware did work for me. However, the device wanted to update immediately. I accepted the security patch, but at this point in time I will refuse to upgrade back to Nougat if I can gain the full use of my phone without it shutting off prematurely. Here is my log: Firmware I was on 05/03/2017 at 11 AM Eastern US time: N2G47H (April 2017 Security Patch) Firmware I reversed it to on 05/03/2017 at 12 PM Eastern US time: MDA89D (September 2015) Firmware after accepting most recent security patch OTA on 05/03/2017 at 6:45 PM Eastern US time: MTC19T (Android 6.0.1 but security is May 2016) Mister Sonny I'm having the early shutdown issue, for me it's consistently at around 25% battery life. This is made worse by the fact that I have an accessory almost always connected (Fitbit Blaze) NumbGrip I've been having this problem since about 6 weeks ago and it started completly out of nowhere Vince Romeo I've encountered the boot loop problem on 6p after <18 mo. Occasionally sudden shutdowns before that happened. My wife's phone is ~19+ and has sudden shutdown issues. Darshan Jain I am facing the same bootloop issue and my phones warranty has expired and Huawei and Google refused to help Shailla Chand My phone will be fresh off the charger at 100% and shut down within 15 minutes. Talk about frustrating.. Gerbil My 6p has been losing power at alarming rate always with Android system and Android OS at the top. Then it began randomly shutting down an demanding to be charged after sending a notification my battery hit 0% when I was well above 40% and failed to detect my SIM card for about 3 hours. I down own a power bank so I'm really suffering here as my phone dies midday and I can't use it for the latter half of the day. chesterbr Now that you mention... I (a no-bootloop-but-frequent-shutdown-at-30% Nexus 6P user) had a couple failures on SIM card detection. Not sure how long they lasted, removing and reinserting seemed to have done the trick... keeps one wondering... :-/ rpeltz My Nexus 6p shuts down when the battery drops below 49 percent. This can happen in as little as an hour of idle time and the phone is just over 1 year old. Cassy Forrester I had the shut off issue. It was shutting off at 99% after a couple of weeks of only shutting off at 48% and below. Still ridiculous. Anyway, I bought it through Newegg so I had to deal with huawei.. biggest fucking pain in the ass. We waited 22 days for a shipping label. Called on a thursday and they said by Monday it would be emailed. Still didn't come. Called again and they said another few days. Didn't come. Called AGAIN and after 5 hours of being on the phone (that day alone.. 15 hours total), they sent the email with the label. I sent it in and like 4 business days later it was returned.. same phone I sent it.. doesn't shut off anymore.. BUT they told us it was a software issue and that they couldn't fix the phone so they would have to replace it. Clearly they didn't replace it but it doesn't shut off so that's good right? Well no. Now my phone is not charging if I use it while it's on the charger... Also, I get the warning when it boots that it can't be checked for corruption. Fuck these people. Fuck this phone. My warranty was up by the time they sent the label but they did say they are taking phone's after warranty because they are having so many issues with this phone.. (also why they took so long to help me) Well no wonder they're taking them! They are only half ass fixing them. So if a half ass fix is worth it to you, call them. They might help. This is the US in case that helps. iRulLezZ My 6p shutted down with full battery and restarted all the time ! Nothing happes ! Pghgeek My 6p has the issue. Powers off before battery is low. Won't tun back on until connect to a charger then shows 40 to 60% battery. Have to use another phone. Don Smith My 6p purchased 11/2015 has been the most fantastic phone i've ever had but hey. Now i noticed that i never get the battery saver time. Then i researched. my phone is shutting down at 56% batter. Of course there is no warning that this is coming. So it's only useful if i'm plugged in at home, the car or traveling with my anker battery pack, Thank you anker. My exeperience with trying the warranty once is that it's worse than worthless. Details for file a clain, time passes then a letter that your claim is denied. Seems rediculous. Better to know you don't have warranty than wast your money only to be frustrated. I'm ready to give up on android and an unreliable beta company. but add me to the list of sabotaged 6p lovers. Kelly Kay Mine shuts down at 25% without fail. Robert Hynes I still have the shutdown issue....anywhere from 60 to 20%. Unlikely I will get a pixel or other Google device unless there is a fix. Maybe we just need a more high profile device like a Samsung in order to get noticed. Jeffrey Huston I started experiencing this for the first time on my Nexus 6p shortly after installing Android 7.1.2. It can happen anywhere from 20% to even 60%, and happens multiple times daily. I've had the phone for probably a year and am generally always on the latest Android version. I don't think it started immediately; might have started a week after installing 7.1.2. I initially blamed an app or a Google play services update, but I've been factory resetting my phone three times now, each time reinstalling and updating fewer and fewer things to see if it would stop happening. It hasn't stopped yet. My next step was going to be factory resetting and doing zero app installs and updates (then it's basically just a phone, gross), but then I stumbled on this article. Now I'll probably skip that next factory reset and see if Google will send me a new phone. Hans Breda I contacted Google Support about this issue. They were very cooperative and are sending me a replacement! Hope this will solve the problem. chesterbr I did not have the bootloop, but phone would shutdown anywhere below 30%. After reading some experiences here I got my battery replaced at a local shop (Mobile Klinik in Toronto, CAD$ 60 plus tax, service done in 1-hour, no data loss or anything), and the problem is GONE: phone goes down to 1% at a steady pace. Normal usage gives me an entire day, just like it did when I purchased it. I'll be sad if a class action lawsuit earns something (not for the money, but for the principle), but it seems it will give my phone at least another year of life (heck, possibly more, this phone is a beast). But I'll hardly ever buy Google (or Huawei) again - this is not how you handle such issues. ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 115 queries | 0.384s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Facebook Now Offers Support For Google’s AMP By Tyler Lee on 05/25/2017 16:15 PDT Both Facebook and Google are interested in speeding up the web, to the extent that both companies have launched instant articles. For those unfamiliar, these instant articles basically mean that users don’t need to wait for them to load like a traditional website as they will, as their name implies, load instantly. However both Facebook and Google’s efforts have existed separate of each other, but not anymore. In an announcement by Facebook, it seems that the company’s Instant Articles SDK extension will now support Google’s AMP (Accelerated Mobile Page) as well as Apple News (although the latter does not have instant articles). According to Facebook, “The SDK already enables developers to easily integrate publishing Instant Articles into their content management systems. By supporting a gateway to generate content across platforms, we’re also making it easy for publishers to apply some of the custom styling templates in AMP and Apple News that they have created in the Instant Articles Style Editor.” Hopefully what this means is that publishers will no longer have to choose between either Facebook or Google or Apple, since Facebook’s SDK will help make it easier to publish instant articles in a similar format across the board, which means that for the end user, you should start to expect more instant loading pages in the future. Filed in General. Read more about Facebook and Google. Related Articles 2017-05-24 Android Pay Canada Launch Due May 31st 2017-05-24 Google Assistant Now Provides Topical Word Suggestions 2017-05-23 Jamboard, Google's $5000 Collaborative Whiteboard, Goes On Sale 2017-05-23 Google’s AlphaGo Beats The World’s Number One Go Player 2017-02-16 Facebook Messenger Now Supports Sending GIFs From Gboard 2016-12-08 VR Headset Makers Partner Up To Create Industry Standards 2016-10-12 Google And Facebook Join Forces To Build Fastest Trans-Pacific Cable Ever 2016-06-25 Facebook & Google Reportedly Removing Extremist Videos Online Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Computer Wins 2nd Game Against Chinese Go Champion VOA News Facebook 0 Twitter 0 E-mail More Google+ LinkedIn KakaoStory May 26, 2017 08:03 A computer beat China's top player of go, one of the last games machines have yet to master, for a second time Thursday in a competition authorities limited the Chinese public's ability to see. Ke Jie lost despite playing what Google's AlphaGo indicated was the best game any opponent has played against it, said Demis Hassabis, founder of the company that developed the program. AlphaGo defeated Ke, a 19-year-old prodigy, in their first game Tuesday during a forum organized by Google on artificial intelligence in Wuzhen, a town west of Shanghai. They play a final game Saturday. AlphaGo previously defeated European and Korean champions, surprising players who had expected it to be at least a decade before computers could master the game. Internet users outside China could watch this week's games live but Chinese censors blocked most mainland web users from seeing the Google site carrying the feed. None of China's dozens of video sites carried the live broadcasts but a recording of Tuesday's game was available the following night on one popular site, Youku.com. State media reports on the games have been brief, possibly reflecting Beijing's antipathy toward Google, which closed its China-based search engine in 2010 following a dispute over censorship and computer hacking. Google says 60 million people in China watched online when AlphaGo played Korea's go champion in March 2016. Chinese Go player Ke Jie reacts during his second match against Google's artificial intelligence program AlphaGo at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province, China on May 25, 2017. /Reuters The official response to the match, a major event for the worlds of go and artificial intelligence, reflects the conflict between the ruling Communist Party's technology ambitions and its insistence on controlling what its public can see, hear and read. The government encourages internet use for business and education but tries to block access to material considered subversive. The possible reason for suppressing coverage while allowing Google to organize the event was unclear. Censorship orders to Chinese media are officially secret and government officials refuse to confirm whether online material is blocked. On Thursday, AlphaGo "thought that Ke Jie played perfectly" for the first 50 moves, Hassabis said at a news conference. "For the first roughly 100 moves, it is the closest game we have ever seen anyone play against the master version of AlphaGo," he said. Ke said the computer made unexpected moves after playing more methodically on Tuesday. "From the perspective of human beings, it stretched a little bit and I was surprised at some points," he said. "I also thought that I was very close to winning the match in the middle," Ke said. "I could feel my heart thumping. But maybe because I was too excited, I did some wrong or stupid moves. I guess that's the biggest weak point of human beings." Go players take turns putting white or black stones on a rectangular grid with 361 intersections, trying to capture territory and each other's pieces by surrounding them. The game is considered more difficult than chess for machines to master because the near-infinite number of possible positions requires intuition and flexibility. This week's games are taking place in a hall where Chinese leaders hold the annual World Internet Conference, an event attended by global internet companies. China has the world's biggest population of internet users, with some 730 million people online at the end of last year, according to government data. Censors block access to social media and video-sharing websites such as Facebook and YouTube. Internet companies are required to employ teams of censors to watch social media and remove banned material. Web surfers can get around online filters using virtual private networks, but Beijing has cracked down on use of those. Copyright © Chosunilbo & Chosun.com Previous Next All Headlines Back to Top
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 31°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Chinese fans trash blackout as Google AI wins again Friday May 26, 2017 06:56 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Manila deploys commandoes, helicopters to retake Marawi City The Edit: There’s going to be a ‘Boss Baby’ sequel The Edit: Jeremy Renner helps Elizabeth Olsen hunt a murderer in ‘Wind River’ Tony Fernandes says ‘foolish’ not to consider China-made C919 jet Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article China's 19-year-old Ke Jie (left) makes a move against Google's AlphaGo in Wuzhen, China, on May 23, 2017. — AFP picSHANGHAI, May 26 — Chinese netizens fumed last night over a government ban on live coverage of Google algorithm AlphaGo’s battle with the world’s top Go player, as the programme clinched their three-match series in the ancient board game. The artificial intelligence (AI) programme won its second straight match against 19-year-old Chinese world number one Ke Jie, who will try to salvage some pride for humanity in the third and final game on Saturday. This week’s series in the eastern Chinese city of Wuzhen has been closely watched by futurists and Go fans curious over whether AlphaGo could beat the world’s best, after making headlines last year by trouncing a South Korean grandmaster. But Chinese fans struggled to get information on the event after authorities banned live coverage, amid online speculation in China that it was linked to Google’s tense history with Beijing. Google shut down its website in 2010 in a row over cyberattacks and Chinese censorship, and most of its offerings have remained blocked by authorities. That made for an awkward situation in the Go series, in which the company’s corporate logos have been clearly visible on live stream broadcasts. This week’s match-up received considerable attention in Chinese media in the run-up, but live coverage was abruptly banned shortly before the first match, according to a government directive to media outlets that was widely circulated online. Anger online The notice said the contests “may not be broadcast live in any form, without exception, including text commentary, photography, video streams, self-media accounts, etc.” A Google spokesman could not immediately be reached for comment. Chinese fans denounced the ban. “I just lost my chance to witness such a historic moment. I feel so terrible,” wrote one user on China’s Twitter-like Weibo platform. Another user asked: “Has the political environment become so dangerous that covering something that has gained public attention has become impossible?” AlphaGo was developed by London-based AI company DeepMind Technologies, which Google acquired in 2014. Its win last year over South Korean grandmaster Lee Se-Dol marked the first time a computer programme had beaten a top player in a full contest and was hailed as a landmark for AI. Ke, who last year said he would never lose to a machine, accepted defeat after game one, calling AlphaGo a “Go god”. For some, AI advances conjure sci-fi images of machines enslaving humanity. But for AI proponents, AlphaGo’s feats have fuelled visions of AI that can not only perform mundane tasks, but potentially help mankind figure out some of the most complex scientific, technical and medical problems. Computer programmes have previously beaten humans in cerebral contests, starting with the victory by IBM’s Deep Blue over chess grandmaster Garry Kasparov in 1997. But AlphaGo’s success is considered the most significant yet for AI due to the complexity of Go, which has an incomputable number of move options and puts a premium on human-like “intuition”. Go involves two players alternately laying black and white stones on a grid, seeking to seal off the most territory. AlphaGo’s “thinking” is powered by millions of connections similar to neurons in the brain. It is partly self-taught, having played millions of games against itself. — AFP-Relaxnews                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week What you should know about Apple Orchard Road ahead of its May 27 opening Global chat platform Kik to launch digital currency Thailand to require biometric checks for pre-paid SIM cards in troubled south Chinese fans trash blackout as Google AI wins again Samsung investigating Galaxy S8 ‘iris hack’ Report: Facebook leaked documents show types of content it allows Free carpooling app for Singapore mosque-goers in time for Ramadan ‘Father of the Internet’ Vint Cerf says we should reach for the stars Watch out in a world of connected objects, cyber specialists warn Watch the moment Mark Zuckerberg found out he got into Harvard (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album When a hunter becomes the hunted ‘War for the Planet of the Apes’ gets new TV spot Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Search Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Turn your old iPhone into a Siri smart speaker Why wait for Apple? Armed with an old iPhone and nearly any speaker, you can create a voice-activated Siri speaker on the cheap. Smart Home by Rick Broida May 25, 2017 3:50 PM PDT @cheapskateblog You don't need to spend money on an Amazon Echo or whatever Apple's smart speaker turns out to be. Just use an old iPhone and put Siri to work. Tyler Lizenby/CNET Rumor has it Apple will jump on the smart-speaker bandwagon at next month's WWDC, giving the Amazon Echo ($179.99 at Amazon.com) and Google Home ($114.00 at Jet.com) some stiff competition. What would such a device look like? What would it be called? (I'm going to put a marker on iHome, even though there's already a whole brand with that name.) And the big question: What will it cost? This is Apple we're talking about, so my guess puts it at $199, if not $229. And it probably won't ship until the second half of the year, at least according to industry analysts. Don't want to wait? Or pay that much? If you've got a spare iPhone (or iPad or iPod Touch) lying around, you can easily create your own "Siri speaker" setup. (Sound familiar? It's also possible to turn an old Android phone into a poor-man's Google Home.) Why this works and what you need Anyone familiar with Siri knows she already does the whole speak-and-say thing -- just within the confines of your iPhone. Because you can invoke this feature hands-free (by saying, "Hey, Siri"), all you need is a speaker to round out the equation. Enlarge Image Pair an old iPhone with a speaker-stand like this one for a nicely consolidated Siri-speaker surrogate. Lugulake Before we talk about the latter, though, let's finish with the brains of the operation. Any modern iDevice can be tasked for this project, so long as it has a reasonably current version of iOS. Although iPhone models older than the 6S must be plugged in for "Hey, Siri" to work when the screen is off, you're going to leave this iPhone plugged in full-time anyway -- so that's a nonissue. As for the speaker, anything you can connect your phone to is fair game. My recommendation is a simple Bluetooth speaker, though it has to meet one requirement: It needs to stay powered on when plugged in. Some speakers have an auto-off feature, which you don't want here. You can also take the wired route, plugging one end of a 3.5mm audio cable into your phone and the other into a speaker or even an old stereo. It's one more wire you'll have to look at, but of course a little decor disguising can help with all the wires. Speaking of which, as I noted above, you'll need to leave your phone plugged in full-time. Same goes for the speaker. Obviously all this won't provide the same aesthetic as whatever unified product Apple delivers, but functionally it should get reasonably close. And if you want to keep everything as consolidated as possible, consider getting a speaker that's also a stand. For example, the LuguLake Bluetooth speaker and phone stand shown here might prove a good option, if only because it gives your phone a forward-facing place to sit. It's currently priced at $30, £27 in the UK or AU$39 in Australia. Although you'll have to provide the wall USB plug for the speaker to stay powered, it has a physical on-off switch, so I'm pretty certain it won't automatically shut off after a period of inactivity. (Not positive, though; check with the manufacturer if you want to be sure.) What to say to your Siri speaker From there you just need to make sure the "Hey, Siri" option is enabled, which you can do by tapping Settings > Siri and making sure the top three options are toggled on. That way, the iPhone will be listening for -- and responding to -- your commands even when the screen is off. (What about your current iPhone? Won't it be listening as well? Sure enough, your spoken commands might trigger both phones at the same time. For now, there's no real workaround for this, other than to disable the option on your primary phone -- or just keep it out of earshot of your Siri speaker.) So what can you do with your new smart speaker? Pretty much anything and everything you can do with your iPhone. For example, you can ask Siri to tell you a joke, check your flight status, give you a weather forecast, play a podcast (if you have Apple's Podcasts app installed) and much more. Here's the complete list of Siri commands to date. You can also control your HomeKit-ready smart home devices, too. As for music, you can't currently use Siri to activate third-party apps such as Spotify, so if you want to issue verbal commands for songs, playlists and the like, you'll have to rely on your Apple Music library. That's a fairly major limitation (the DIY Google Home is similar in that respect), so it'll be interesting to see if Apple's standalone smart speaker -- assuming it exists -- overcomes it. In the meantime, what do you think of creating a home-grown Siri speaker? Share your voice 0 comments Tags Smart Home Phones Wireless & Bluetooth Speakers Amazon Google Siri CNET Review Google Home The Google Home is taking on Amazon's Alexa in the battle to control your whole home. Welcome to the future. $129.00 See it More stories You can now control your entire smart home with a single command How to use voice shortcuts with Google Home How to make DIY slime without using borax Best Smart Home Devices of 2017 Close   Discuss: Turn your old iPhone into a Siri smart speaker Conversation powered by Livefyre Next Article: 'Star Wars' broke the screenwriting rules, and it worked Tesla Model 3 details leak online A chart that could be a sales brochure pits the Tesla Model 3 against the Model S. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:19 SoftBank's massive Nvidia investment, Xbox Game Pass starts June 1 The biggest tech news of the day includes SoftBank's mega-investment in Nvidia. Plus Unity Engine gets $400 million through an equity firm and Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass is due to start in June. by Jeff Bakalar 1:12 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Update: It's Live] Google Is Launching Project Bigtop As 'Inbox By Google' Later Today Artem Russakovskii Follow View All Posts 2014/10/22 9:46am PDTOct 22, 2014 641 Plus 1 on G+ 86 Share on Facebook 76 Share on Twitter Total Shares727 Exclusives Google News Rumors Update: It's live. Last night, we revealed a project codenamed Bigtop that Google has been working on for a few years. And now, I feel confident enough to announce that it's launching later today as 'Inbox by Google' (not to be confused with Inbox). According to multiple sources, the service, which has been in development since 2012, is going to be invite-only at launch, just like Gmail was, and will at first target Gmail users. Predictably, it will be available at inbox.google.com. Of course, if we manage to score any invites and can spread more of them around, I'm going to probably spend the remainder of the day doing so on the site and Google+. Disclaimer: No matter the confidence level, there's always a chance product updates, features, and some or all details will be changed or cancelled altogether. As with all rumors, nothing is 100% until it's officially announced. We do not have possession of any APKs we can distribute or unreleased devices, so please don't ask for them. Another curious thing to add to the rumor pile: Calendar is expected to receive a major overhaul as well, and it's codenamed Timely. I don't think it's related to the purchase of Bitspin, the developer of an unrelated app called Timely, which happened in the beginning of this year, but anything is possible. It'd be pretty amusing if the Timely team actually joined the Timely project once at Google. It's unclear if project Timely will be announced with Bigtop / Inbox by Google or will be revealed separately later. There's not much else to share at this time - all we have to do is wait a little longer. In the meantime, I'm getting giddy with excitement. What about you? Tags bigtop Google inbox inbox by google rumor Timely subscribe ... Previous Story Microsoft Releases Beta Version Of Remote Desktop Android App With New UI, Multiple Sessions, ... ... Next Story Google's 'Inbox By Gmail' Email Replacement System Is Live, But Invite-Only For The Moment Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Nathan I am giddy too. Cory S So, do we know what it actually does? just a new email interface? Artem Russakovskii See the post from last night. Leeroy Jenkins :) xellar Invite requests in 3..2..1.. EowynCarter Having googleers in my relations, that should be easy. SpanishAbh You one Lucky Bastard >:) EowynCarter I'll share if I get one. SpanishAbh Thank You Man , you know i was not insulting you be calling bastard, it was just an exclamation and i was just jealous. Peace ^_^ EowynCarter Don't worry, no problems ;) Matthew Antunez Let's see who the first jabroni is to ask for an apk. Artem Russakovskii I'll take one for the team. APK? Kendall Seabury Does not work on my phone, plz update. Nayners I lol'd. You win. Tim Gueusquin SOON BACKANSWER IamTheFij Jabroni. That's a cool word. Ian Dunbar I'm pessimistic about getting an invite in a soonish time-frame. So, I'm not super enthused. Michael Lynady Holy crackheads Sean I'm so excited I could just spit. Sebastian Gorgon Hmmmmmmmmm i'm interested! Sam Del Valle I'm ready. My Nexus is Ready. My body is ready. Dmitry Leovin Nexus 4 body too. Kartik N Entering this article.. http://giant.gfycat.com/CreepyLastAmericanavocet.gif Atomic Zombie I'll have an invite if they are going spare. Hardtarget24 Super excited for these 2 things not to work with my google apps account off the bat :( mat A big update to Calendar. Hell Yeah! Been waiting for it for years. I hope Google releases Calendar to iOS devices as well. I can convince my wife to use it instead of the stupid Apple Calendar app. robotkoer Wrong post. Corbin Davenport APK PLS Mental_Moose Dibs! Arthur Dent https://www.drumstick.com/assets/images/products/thumbs/nestle-dibs-vanilla.jpg David MKBHD rocking Bigtop?? https://plus.google.com/105555694224602845621/posts/M8w6pkL9gfi Chris Lambert Play Magazines, I think (if that's what you mean). toxicpaulution I'm on lollipop and am ready to test :3 Rayun Is this invite going to be easier to pick up than OnePlus One? Yuku Sugianto Now https://inbox.google.com says for logged in users: 403. That’s an error. We're sorry, but you do not have access to this page.That’s all we know. and asks for Google login if you are not logged in. bsinc1962 remove the s from https and try again Mathieu M Speaking of Bispin, does anybody know what they've been working on since they've been acquired by Google? Their work on Timely was so awesome, I always hoped they'd release something new iamnotkurtcobain @Artem Russakovskii Will the new calender be out today??? And do we need gmail when there's bigtop? djakdekiel New calendar in L is awesome:) And new gmail Arthur Dent FTFA: "It's unclear if project Timely will be announced with Bigtop / Inbox by Google or will be revealed separately later." djakdekiel IM READY! Reese Hit me Google. http://i.imgur.com/QgJUL.gif Kevin Aaronson Best gif I've ever seen Flatlinebb Her body is ready. Jeroen Biesmans I actually like them separated: gmail is my personal email and exchange is for work. I don't want to see how many messages are waiting in that inbox when i'm not working. DemandTrialByCombat Hope Google tasks gets baked into this. One of the most useful but neglected service by google. Smashley welp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzNTjpUMOp4 Arthur Dent You win Sam Del Valle You win. You win AndroidPolice. You win the internet. Everyone go home. NexusPhan App and website are already live. My request has been emailed to [email protected] and inbox app already downloaded and on my phone hnl So they are going to integrate "Tasks" - https://mail.google.com/tasks/ - into Gmail in a more natural way, than it is now? El Payaso I don't get it. What exactly does it do? Pavel Linhart Dat title at https://inbox.google.com Error 403 (Forbidden)!!1 senf Just announced. http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2014/10/an-inbox-that-works-for-you.html Ambroos Google is love, Google is life. Literally. I'm using multiple Google products 24/7 and I love it. Looking forward to this and the Exchange support on Android very, very much. el_smurfo I don't get giddy about google staged rollouts anymore. It's exciting if I can get access to it like the L-Preview images, but otherwise it's just hype and I don't have time for that. usaff22 It's been announced! Luis Medina The service is live! RiceCake Sweet just click the site link in the article and download from the play store. Simple as it can be. :D Then email and beg for an invite haha Troels Ijust downloaded it from playstore https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.inbox Pankaj Singhal Its up in the play store, installing now. mathew By the way, check the new update to Google Earth Marcellus1 It's live! I just requested my invite. Mike Oakley Giddy for sure!! Dave Just downloaded it! Awesome Google. Keep up the good work! Flatlinebb And how are you enjoying it without an invite? Φώτης Something was missing.. Dom I'm very excited but not 100% sure why I should be.... Can someone explain to me what inbox by Google actually is ? ShadowCodeGaming Ehh guys i have it on my N7... Arthur Dent Invite requested Thiago Bachi Rehbein apparently workson JB 4.1.2 and up... AC Yes, please. Squiddles IT'S HAPPENING abobobilly That rhymes with #Fappening. Except, its "Google" this time as celebrity. -.- ShadowCodeGaming https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.inbox vwbeetlvr Invite please ian I just downloaded it from the link in OP seems available for everyone right now! WM https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.inbox Inbox By Gmail: Already have an invitation? Download on your phone to activate your account before using Inbox on the web. Need an invitation? Email [email protected] to request one. LEARN MORE sergejsbabikovs WHAT is happening to Google?! singhulariti "Thanks for requesting an invite. We'll send you one as soon as possible." And now we wait.... Nicolás Bahamondes Abarca APK ready R7 try by yourself https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.inbox Scott Breitbach You don't need an apk, it's available in the Play Store. Follow that inbox.google.com link! Guest It's official. http://gmailblog.blogspot.com/2014/10/an-inbox-that-works-for-you.html Kip Play store! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.inbox KChristainsen The calandar app is very much due frewquinnn Its available now Giovanni Marques Please, send me a invite :) Rezaul Karim Arif It's already here :D http://www.google.com/inbox/ Playstore: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.inbox Gsizzle Waiting for the Invite ... theApp https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.inbox I need that invite!!!!!! Tim Gueusquin APK anyone? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.inbox Sebastian Gorgon Holy shit... remember that Gmail material design leak long before Material was announced? it was Inbox all along! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzNTjpUMOp4 Dávid Östör Hey, Inbox by Gmail is up and running. On inbox.google.com it warns you to donwload the OS-specific program to your device, and then you can use it on the web too :))) Dávid Östör I didn't have an invite but after installing the app, I signed in without any problem, so maybe all of this invite crap will be gone in hours :) Julio M It's happening!! Download here: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.inbox Flatlinebb Didn't wotrk for me, of course :( Delivery to the following recipient failed permanently: [email protected] Technical details of permanent failure: The email account that you tried to reach does not exist. Please try double-checking the recipient's email address for typos or unnecessary spaces. George Byers it's [email protected] Flatlinebb *facepalm* Dovid Levine Email sent - i can assume we'll all be sharing invites as they come in? TSK sent a request email, we'll see what happens oldcampos It's up..NOW theiowakid Fresh invite, hot off the press! y0U4r350FUCq1n9ULL18L3 Bence Borovi Invitation is connected to your Google Account isn't it? (So it's unique and only you can use) Chris Yes and if you read what he wrote, it says you are so f****in gullible Bence Borovi LOL Didn't see it. theiowakid All in fun :) Flatlinebb Fell for it as well. Invite fever confuses the mind. Guest Did you try clearing your cache or restarting? Abhinav cruel... go cyclones Flatlinebb Where do we enter the invite code? I dl'd the app, but it just says I have no invite and I can only close it. Flatlinebb To answer my own question, per the Learn More page, an invite needs to be sent to a gmail address to actually get invited. There is no place to input codes and such. So I would like to respectfully request that the OP send me an invite to flatlinebb gmail com Smashley hahahahahahahahah Nathaniel Marrufo Just got an email back from the Inbox team saying I will get an update as soon as it is available. Renon Please send me invitation to [email protected] . Thanks a lot. Luca Vallerini Email sent! himanshu if anyone's got invite, spare one for me, [email protected] Thnx Giovanni Marques Please, send invitation to [email protected] please Fearnor Please send me an invite to [email protected] 10x Clark DeVitis Please send invite to [email protected] if anyone has a spare :) BRNSMRF I haven't seeked an invite since Gmail. This is exciting SpanishAbh OMG! SpanishAbh Whoa ! Fabio Invite to [email protected] please :) Jose Castillo Please send me an invite to [email protected] Alvaro Martinez Plese, send invitation to [email protected] thanks Flatlinebb That's the longest email address I've seen. Not looking forward to writing that one down or repeating it verbally. Alvaro Martinez Or [email protected] Arthur Dent Wow, this shit devolved into invite begging REAL FAST. Ajb.esquire Seriously, I was about to say the same, and doubt's if anyone with one is coming here to read comments to find out who to give them to. People are sad. Maybe they should add soonbackanswer Jason Farrell SOONBACKANSWER! ... did it work? GIMMEGIMME Ajb.esquire It worked, you win, sent you an invite, just keep refreshing your gmail til it comes in. I heard not blinking and standing on your head makes the internet work faster (something to do with the rotation of the earth and magnetic fields) George Byers Well... I know what i'm gonna be doing until I get my invite... http://i.imgur.com/0IAYdPg.gif MrLockOut App installed...Invite requested...now we wait. Chapa Now we wait... http://www.quickmeme.com/img/80/8006789bb0cc3734ca56a33a79d2660023d66fd71ea1755948161b32292801bf.jpg Chapa Gotta love DISQUS Makoute Anyone got an invite. Mathew Colburn Woohoo!! I know a Googler giving away invites for friends! Yay me! remister It seems I know an internet acquaintance that knows a Googler, that would be giving away invites. Yay me! Mathew Colburn Haha I'm just hoping he responds in a quick fashion. I'm sure they're only able to invite a certain amount of people so it will be quite limited. Chapa I hope you send me an invite then... leonardo.soler at you know what service. Arthur Dent Cool story bro! Ali Please send me an invite at [email protected] Thanks a lot AndersonApdo invite please... [email protected] yaifuz26 If anyone gets an invite I would like one as well Steve B I feel like I just stumbled into the One+ forums.... Arthur Dent Yeah, no shit! :) MUTINOUS please , I need an invite... Mark [email protected] if anyone has an invite! Thanks in advance YevP So who's got codes to give away. Lets do this thing! Ernie Invite please sir/madam!!!! [email protected] Guest just got a reply after begging an invitation here is a screenshot http://prntscr.com/4yt63t cellabonez here is my reply dont know why image wasnt showing Chris Hello Can someone share an invite with me please? chris electricdemon co uk Many thanks in advance Roger Siegenthaler I don't remember google buying Bitspin... They only hired the whole staff AFAIK. DirtySant0 can someone shoot me an invite? Fofer In the meantime, while it may not be "supported browser," I have experimented and found that changing Safari's User Agent to that of Google Chrome is allowing me to access and use Inbox, without any issue. No display glitches, it's working fine so far. :up: Dennis Fluttershy "An error has occurd between com.google.android.apps.bigtop.bigtopapplication and the Google Play services. Try again." Every time I open Inbox. And the left pane window is completely white. Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 15 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 110 1 Year Ago Today OnePlus 3 TENAA Certification Gives Away Most Specs And Device Photos 2016/05/26 5:31am PDTMay 26, 2016 497 2 Years Ago Today [Updated] [Rumor] No Nexus Tablet In 2015, But Two Phones—A 5.2-Inch LG (Code Name Bullhead) And A 5.7-Inch Huawei (Code Name Angler) 2015/05/26 11:30am PDTMay 26, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today 28 Best (And 2 WTF) New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/13/14 - 5/27/14) 2014/05/26 5:30pm PDTMay 26, 2014 29 4 Years Ago Today Serious Privacy Flaw In Facebook Pages Manager For Android Exposes Private Pictures For Everyone To See [Updated] 2013/05/26 3:34pm PDTMay 26, 2013 31 5 Years Ago Today JetAudio Comes To Android, Bringing Sophisticated Audio Enhancement And Playback Control To Your Mobile Device 2012/05/26 6:03pm PDTMay 26, 2012 45 6 Years Ago Today Victory Is Ours! HTC: "We've Listened, Will No Longer Be Locking The Bootloaders On Our Devices" 2011/05/26 6:33pm PDTMay 26, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today New Series: SysAdmin Apps 2010/05/26 7:27pm PDTMay 26, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 115 queries | 0.801s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News fast company homepage technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design homepage cities graphics innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Work Smart The apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder. FastCo.Works Studio An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: advertisement advertisement 05.25.17 How Google Street View Became An Art Form A zoom-in on the strange and sublime art of Street View, which turns ten years old this week. [Photo: Flickr user Kevin Dooley] By Allison L. Rowland and Chris Ingraham4 minute Read On May 25, Google Street View celebrates its 10th birthday. A feature of Google Maps, it lets users explore cities and towns around the world—and even peer inside businesses and government institutions (including the White House). Games have sprouted out of Street View—like Geoguessr, in which players guess where in the world they’ve been randomly placed—while some users have documented funny images captured by the roving cameras of Google’s cars. advertisement But Google Street View has also provided ample fodder for artists of all stripes, inspiring a range of creative works that include photographic curation, music videos, and impromptu performances. Faking It: the ax murderer and victim were really mechanics and pranksters Gary Kerr and Dan Thompson. [Photos: via Google Maps]What, exactly, is it about Google Street View that makes it so appealing to creative types? Perhaps it allows us to experience the fantasy of what scholar Donna Haraway called “the God’s trick”—the impossible desire to see everything. Never before have people had such easy, on-demand visual access to public spaces all over the globe, and over the past decade artists have wielded this immense power to comment on issues ranging from surveillance to sex work. Curating From Google’s Vast Archive The sheer magnitude of Google Street View’s all-seeing power is a subject for some artists. Michael Wolf’s project “A Series of Unfortunate Events” curates arresting images from Google Street View, ranging from bike accidents to fires. Taken as a whole, Wolf’s collection from Google’s vast archive gestures toward the vastness of the world itself. Taken individually, his images are both haunting and familiar. Sometimes Google Street View appeals to artists for more political reasons. There can be a real discomfort with the technology, given that it amounts to one of the most comprehensive surveillance mechanisms in human history. advertisement Jon Rafman’s ongoing project “The Nine Eyes of Google Street View” reflects the unsettling relationship between humans and surveillance. (The “nine eyes” in the title refers to the number of cameras on the pole attached to the top of a Google Street View car, although the number has since increased to 15.) In 2008, one year after the launch of Street View, Google incorporated face-blurring technology to protect the identities of passersby captured by its cameras. But the technology isn’t without glitches. Rafman’s image of a man in a bunny costume with a blurred face next to a “real” person’s face draws an unsettling juxtaposition; it’s a reminder that Google Street View is incapable of telling the difference between this masked person and you. In so doing, Rafman’s image exploits the most basic fear of mass surveillance regimes: that you’ll be just another faceless entity. Here are some pretty good pictures I took visiting some international beaches on Google Maps pic.twitter.com/OCPH9lM4fQ — Keelayjams (@keelayjams) February 10, 2016 Other artists have taken a different approach. Doug Rickard, in an exhibition called “A New American Picture,” documented the “forgotten streets” of America by curating images of the disenfranchised in their downtrodden neighborhoods. Halley Docherty has used Google Street View to superimpose famous paintings and album covers on their modern settings (for example, the Beatles crossing the street on today’s Abbey Road). And Justin Blinder’s “Vacated” project turns Google Street View images into GIFs that alternate between before-and-after photos of gentrified street corners in New York City. pic.twitter.com/KweOGicS5N — Jon Rafman (@jonrafman) May 5, 2017 Posing For The Camera Then there are the people who try to act out scenes in front of the passing cameras. While they may not identify as artists, they respond with an artist’s impromptu, creative ingenuity. Everyday folks see the Google car approaching and think up a scene—a staged birth in Berlin or a staged death in Scotland—and quickly react. In our research, we call these performance-events tableaux vivants (“living pictures”) in a nod to the evanescent vitality of scenes that come to life only to dissolve as quickly as they’ve been formed. Street View art has its detractors. Mishka Henner, for his show “No Man’s Land,” cruised Street View for known “John” sites in Italy and Spain and culled images of women who may be sex workers. Although the show was shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize, it was also subject to mixed reviews. Some thought it was sexist to assume that the women depicted were, in fact, prostitutes, though they praised the way the images communicated the everyday vulnerability (and boredom) involved with sex work. advertisement Perhaps most of all, the show inspired questions about the authorship of photographers who merely curate images taken by Google’s cameras. Nonetheless, as one critic pointed out, Google Street View has forced us to reconsider what street photography as a genre now means in light of Google’s roving cameras. Related: A Selfie For The Planet What’s next for this strange intersection of a mapping tool and art? We hesitate to make firm predictions, but we wouldn’t be surprised to see more collaborations between Google and artists, like Arcade Fire’s experimental music video that populates Google Street View images of the viewer’s childhood neighborhood in a nostalgic montage. We would also like to see more involvement by women, as most of the artists who work with Google Street View have tended to represent a male perspective. After a decade, Google Street View is no longer new. But that doesn’t mean its potential for artistic action and intervention will subside. As the platform collects more and more images of the Earth’s public spaces—and as mixed, augmented, and virtual reality technologies become more pervasive—we expect that people will find new and inventive ways to make art out of a platform that has, from the start, been a surprising muse. Allison L. Rowland is assistant professor of performance and communication arts, St. Lawrence University, and Chris Ingraham is assistant professor of communication, North Carolina State University.  advertisement This essay originally appeared on The Conversation. Share your own ideas, essays, tips, and suggestions with Fast Company by reaching us at ideas@fastcompany.com. Fast Company Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters advertisement Related Stories Technology How Google’s Music-Making AI Learns From Human Minds At Festivals Technology Electronic Music Pioneer Suzanne Ciani: Artists Need To Love Their Machines Technology Latitu° Creates Luggage At The Intersection of Affordable And Luxurious advertisement Video How These Film Buffs Turned Movie Trailer Spoofs Into A Successful YouTube Channel Trump Isn't The First President To Declare War On The Media Why Gwyneth Paltrow Is In Awe Of Women Entrepreneurs Could Ford’s New CEO Get Self-Driving Cars On The Road Faster? How This Fashion Company Incorporates Inclusion For Its Team of 80% Women How Gwyneth Paltrow Pursued Her Passion To Found Goop "Veep" And "House Of Cards" Are Both Becoming Scarily Real How The VP of Global Marketing At Facebook Got Her Start Serving Sandwiches At A Theater How WNYC Continues to Innovate and Create Social Change Jeff Garlin Had A Lot Of Odd Jobs That He Mostly Got Fired From Why the Upright Citizens Brigade Is Bringing Improv to the Workplace How School Of Doodle Is Paving The Way For Gen Z Women How The Product Designer For Facebook Stays Productive What's Your Creative Habit? How Tasty Became A Viral Facebook Sensation Ideas Ideas Rapid Resist Activates Protestors So Lawmakers Can Hear What Their Constituents Really Think Ideas Eating Beans Could Be A Magical Solution To Climate Change Ideas CEOs Got Huge Raises Last Year–Did You? Entertainment Entertainment Brands, Take Note: Beautycon Has Cracked The “Pivotal Generation” Entertainment Honest Trailers Celebrates Its 200th Video And A Vision For Its Future Entertainment The Relationship Between Brands And Music Needs To Evolve Co.Design Spaces Watch Hudson Yards’ 4,000-Ton Kinetic Roof In Action Product Jony Ive Named Chancellor Of One Of The World’s Most Prestigious Art Schools Graphics Order: The New Design Office That Spun Off A $1.9M Kickstarter Business Fast Company Technology How Google Street View Became An Art Form Technology How Google’s Music-Making AI Learns From Human Minds At Festivals Ideas Rapid Resist Activates Protestors So Lawmakers Can Hear What Their Constituents Really Think Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC </noscript></body></html>
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Share 9 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-25 ‘Jessica Jones’ Season 2: When Is The Netflix Release Date? Entertainment 2017-05-25 ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Tour Schedule, Ticket Prices & More Entertainment 2017-05-24 Netflix June 2017: What’s Being Released And Removed This Month? Entertainment 2017-05-24 ‘Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope’ 40th Anniversary – How It Changed Everything News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-26 Russia Collusion Scandal: GOP Operative Admits Receiving Stolen Documents From Hacker, Explosive Report Says News 2017-05-25 Leave Your Props At Home: A Man Arrested With Real Weapons At Phoenix Comicon Has Led To Tightened Security News 2017-05-25 Maryland Christian School Principal Defends Decision To Ban Pregnant Teen From Graduation News 2017-05-25 Queen Elizabeth Visits Terrorist Bomb Victims In Hospital Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-26 Backstage News On Jinder Mahal Taking Away The Push Of Another WWE ‘SmackDown Live’ Top Heel Wrestling 2017-05-25 NXT Star Breaks Bill Goldberg’s Undefeated Streak, Goldberg Acknowledges It On Twitter Wrestling 2017-05-25 CM Punk Blasts Champion, Ends His Twitter Beef With Football Star On TV Show Baseball 2017-05-25 MLB News: David Price Will Make First Red Sox Start On Memorial Day Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-25 National Wine Day: Quotes, GIFs, Recipes, And More Lifestyle 2017-05-24 Memorial Day 2017: Freebies, Discounts, Deals, & More Lifestyle 2017-05-21 Tired Of Being Single? Embrace ‘Sologamy’ And Marry Yourself Lifestyle 2017-05-19 Dunkin’ Donuts Gives Away Free Frozen Coffee Samples Today, And ‘Freeze The Day With $1K’ Giveaway Ends Today Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-26 Penis Transplant In South Africa Gives Patient The Right Organ With The Wrong Color Health 2017-05-25 Magic Mushrooms Are ‘Safest’ Recreational Drug Says New Study, But How Safe Are They? Health, Medicine 2017-05-24 Merck & Co. Gain FDA Approval For Pembrolizumab, A Groundbreaking New Cancer Medication Health 2017-05-22 Video Of Little Girl’s Tick Paralysis Goes Viral — Warning To Parents Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-25 ‘Fallout 4’ Is Free To Play And Discounted This Weekend On Xbox One, Steam Gaming 2017-05-25 ‘GTA Online’ Gunrunning DLC Release Date: New Leak Hints Launch Next Week Gaming 2017-05-25 ‘The Sims 4: Parenthood Game Pack’: New Details On How Parents Can Discipline Kids Gaming 2017-05-25 Microsoft Rebrands Beam Game Streaming Service As Mixer BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-26 Taiwan Makes History As The First Country to Legalize Same-sex Marriage in Asia BuzzWorthy 2017-05-26 Manchester Ariana Grande Concert Bombing: iPhone 6s Plus Saved A Woman From Salman Abedi’s Bomb BuzzWorthy 2017-05-25 Shaq’s Feet: Shaquille O’Neal Reveals His Foot, Twitter Goes Insane With GIFs And Memes Of His Toes [Video] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-25 Emmanuel Macron Humiliates Trump With Swerve Maneuver, He Responds With Aggressive Move SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Google Reveals It Can Now Track What You Buy At Local Stores, Sparking Privacy Woes News 9 0 0 May 25, 2017 Google Reveals It Can Now Track What You Buy At Local Stores, Sparking Privacy Woes Roz Zurko Google not only has the technology to track your spending in brick and mortar stores, but they are all set to start using it. The search engine giant has been tracking online spending for a while now, but recently they’ve acquired the technology to be able to see what you are purchasing at the stores through a partnership with credit card and debit card data tracking companies. Fox & Friends did a segment on Thursday morning about Google’s methods for tracking your shopping habits both online and in physical stores. The reason that Google wants this information is to entice more advertisers. Have you noticed that when you do a Google search, the advertising that pops up happens to be that dress, that lawnmower, or that bed ensemble you have recently clicked on while searching online? That is the result of Google tracking your shopping habits, and in this case, it is your window-shopping habits. Google uses your searches online to entice you to buy something by reminding you with an ad for a product that you recently searched. They place this ad in a future search you are doing on Google. This new tracking system goes beyond that. It tracks your brick and mortar store purchases after you’ve clicked on a product or item online. This is one way for Google to entice advertisers their way. Selling that advertising space on the Google pages is easier when Google can show their prospective clients what you are buying in the stores, as well as online. According to the AP News, Google announced on Tuesday that they’d developed a new tool. This tool “will track how much money people spend in merchants’ brick-and-mortar stores after clicking on their digital ads.” The AP writes, “The analysis will be done by matching the combined ad clicks of people who are logged into Google services with their collective purchases on credit and debit cards.” The search engine giant claims to have “access to roughly 70 percent of U.S. credit and debit card sales through partnerships with other companies that track that data.” In a nutshell: Google will now be able to show their advertisers that it is money well spent or not well spent when advertising on their pages. How does this work? This new tool will allow Google to show their advertisers that you, as a consumer, clicked on one of their online ads and then went to a brick and mortar store to purchase that item. They already had the technology to tell the consumer that you purchased that item online, but now the advertisers will know if you actually got in your car and went to a downtown store or to a mall to purchase that item. Google does not have access to your personal name or accounts, and they can only match clicks to your purchases via your credit or debit cards. Before this tool was created, advertisers would only have the online purchasing data of the consumer when it comes to their product. So if someone did click on an ad, but they didn’t purchase the item, this might look like a waste of advertising to the advertiser. They had no way of knowing if a consumer that clicked on their ad went to a store to buy the product, but now they do. This tool will give Google the ability to show that advertiser that you, as a generic consumer, did click on the ad, and while you didn’t order it online, you did go to a store and purchase the item or product. This is actually more selling power in Google’s corner when it comes to enticing advertisers to take out ads on Googles online pages. Google is hoping that this program will entice merchants to “boost their digital marketing budgets.” #Google tracking analytics of your credit card transactions to prove #PPC ad influence on brick and mortar purchases.https://t.co/h8kZxjw9le — Suzanne McCain (@McCainSuzanne) May 24, 2017 Google says, “It won’t be able to examine the specific items purchased or how much a specific individual spent,” according to the AP News. Your personal data is not available to Google. With this new tool, your online searching habits are basically matched with your purchasing habits. Is this amazing or is it somewhat scary when you think about it? Larry Ponemon, who is the chairman of the Ponemon Institute privacy research firm, reports that “even aggregated data can sometimes be converted back to data that can identify individuals.” Ponemon also said that while Google has good intentions with this new technology, “companies and governments in the future might not.” Micro Copic, who is a marketing professor at San Diego University, warns that the type of data Google is collecting could become a target for hackers. Copic said, “The privacy implications of this are pretty massive, so Google needs to tread very carefully.” [Featured Image by Matt Rourke/AP Images] Now Watch This: Pope Francis And Donald Trump Kissing In Mural Outside The Vatican Now Read This: Russia Collusion Scandal: GOP Operative Admits Receiving Stolen Documents From Hacker, Explosive Report Says Share 9 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Roz Zurko Tags: Brick And Mortar Store, Google Advertisers, Google Monitors Store Shopping, Google Tracks Store Purchases November 13, 2016 GoPro Drones Falling Out Of The Sky, Recalled By Company [Video] November 13, 2016 Virtual Reality: Google Daydream Getting Rave Reviews Comments LATEST HEADLINES Penis Transplant In South Africa Gives Patient The Right Organ With The Wrong Color Taiwan Makes History As The First Country to Legalize Same-sex Marriage in Asia Manchester Ariana Grande Concert Bombing: iPhone 6s Plus Saved A Woman From Salman Abedi’s Bomb ‘Game Of Thrones’ Season 8: Get Ready, Only Six Episodes Are Coming To The Final Season Russia Collusion Scandal: GOP Operative Admits Receiving Stolen Documents From Hacker, Explosive Report Says Jim Carrey’s Insane New Beard Is Turning Heads Everywhere ‘Jane The Virgin’ Season 4 Spoilers: Recapturing The Joy And Jane’s New, Evolved ‘Happily Ever After’ Netflix Cancels ‘The Get Down,’ Baz Luhrmann Issues A Statement Backstage News On Jinder Mahal Taking Away The Push Of Another WWE ‘SmackDown Live’ Top Heel ‘Big Brother 19’ Spoilers: Are Fans Voting On ‘BB19’ Cast And Deciding Who Wins The Money? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Cher In A Thong And Bodysuit At 71 Years Of Age: ‘I Can Do A 5-Minute Plank, Okay?’ [Video] 23k 0 0 Supporting POTUS, ‘Pawn Stars’ Rick Harrison Blames Obama For All Of His Business Woes 18.9k 0 0 Ariana Grande Offers To Pay Funerals Of Manchester Attack Victims, Sources Claim 11.8k 0 0 Melania Avoids Trump’s Hand-Holding Again At Rome’s Fiumicino Airport In Italy, Viral #HandGate No. 2 [Video] 10k 0 0 Donald Trump Wants Over $1 Trillion Cut From Social Programs, Adds $25 Billion To Ivanka’s Parental Leave Plan 9.8k 0 0 Home Daycare Owners Arrested After 16 Year Old Daughter Found Dead, Weighing 56 Pounds 16.4k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture How to Choose an SEO Agency in NYC by Robert Hellson — in Contributors 41 shares The world is changing: physical, slowly but steadily, becomes digital. This is also the case with marketing. Long gone are the days when marketing was done only with multiple physical-world media, such as billboards, radio and TV ads, and so on. Today, international, national and local companies push hard to market their brands in the digital space using a wide variety of tools and methods: SEM, PPC, SMM, content marketing, email marketing, etc. They realize the importance of being on the potential clients’ radar in the digital space. If you truly want to go digital as well, you can choose any of the aforementioned promotion methods but make sure that search engine optimization is on your priority list. Utilizing the power of SEO, your get long-lasting results in search and build a continuous stream of clients from Google and Bing. The SEO niche is pretty competitive, and it makes sense to do your homework before choosing an agency that will be responsible for optimizing your site. If you are looking for an expert of SEO in NYC, I recommend to consider Clever Solution Inc., a full-cycle digital marketing agency run by Sergey Grybniak, a certified Google Analytics expert and digital marketing guru. Why Choose a Professional SEO Agency? Certainly, you can easily find lots of information on how to do SEO on the Web; however, if you want to take your business to the next level, choosing a professional agency is the only viable option. There are, however, certain things you need to consider before doing that. What tools does the agency use? Search engine optimization consists of three major parts: on-page optimization, off-page optimization and technical SEO. To get tangible results in any of these, an SEO pro should use specific tools and instruments. If you find out that an agency does SEO manually, don’t choose it because you won’t be able to hold it accountable for the results. Meanwhile, agencies that rely on high-quality instruments to conduct an audit or do a competitor analysis do wonders. They collect and analyze data only then start improving your site. As a result, your business drives traffic, attracts clients and gets more revenue. Are agency’s SEOs certified? Check if an agency’s employs professionals who can deliver the most value to your site. A professional agency should hire at least a couple of Google- and Bing-certified search engine optimization experts. Most likely, they will hold a GA certification. Also, check if a particular agency is a Google Partner. The partner’s badge is given only to the most professional companies that do digital marketing. How many clients does the agency serve? Good, respectable agencies never run out of clients. Search for reviews to check to see if you are going to hire the agency that has already cemented its position in the niche. Also, you can simply ask for references. If the agency doesn’t have anything to hide, its representatives will be happy to provide all the necessary info to you. About Clever Solution Clever Solution Inc. employs certified SEO experts and proves their proficiency with regular, tangible results. The agency’s pros are experienced in every aspect of search engine optimization — from basic on-page SEO to advanced AI-related methodologies. Obviously, they keep track of current trends, norms, and techniques of SEO, too. That is why the agency delivers value to its clients. SEO can make or break your digital marketing campaign. If SEO isn’t conducted properly, your site can be downranked or penalized by search engines. On the flipside, high-quality optimization has the potential to bring your company to another level. Choose an SEO agency wisely and I guarantee that your business is going to thrive. Read next: How AI is changing the way entrepreneurs do business Contributors Share on Facebook (14) Share on Twitter (0) Robert Hellson is a reporter from Miami, FL. I love reading and travelling. They encourage me to derive new insights from beyond my pair of tinted glasses. I relish the simple joy of cooking a meal and sharing it with others. I enjoy researching on new market products, and maintaining my blogs. Contact Mail Location Miami, FL   All posts by Robert > Here's some more distraction Theater decimates Facebook critics over ladies-only Wonder Woman screening Rachel Kaser Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Walkers Crisps Football Promotion turns into a PR nightmare on Twitter Matthew Hughes Gwent: The Witcher Card Game launches public beta Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended How AR and computer vision will impact our lives for the better Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Twitter adds 239 new emoji – but not everyone can see them all just yet Mix 2 How AR and computer vision will impact our lives for the better Lauren Gilmore 3 How Europe’s biggest economy is uniting its tech hubs to dethrone Silicon Valley Már Másson Maack 4 Using AI and drones to combat elephant and rhino poaching Tefo Mohapi 5 Gatwick Airport launches indoor navigation system to help passengers find their way Matthew Hughes Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 5 Things to consider before buying any wireless headphones David Geer 2 Theater decimates Facebook critics over ladies-only Wonder Woman screening Rachel Kaser 3 Disney CEO says its films are safe from hackers Rachel Kaser 4 Apple veteran Marc Newson has designed a $12000 hourglass Rachel Kaser 5 Android co-creator's new 'Essential' smartphone will probably be revealed next week Napier Lopez Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Bots in SERPs Bing launches bots for local businesses (restaurants only) Trending story Study: Yelp drives higher conversions than Google and Facebook Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. SearchCap: Google link warning, in-store sales & more SEM Barry Schwartz on May 25, 2017 at 4:00 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: Top 10 agency considerations for marketing automation May 25, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot You’ve decided to implement a marketing automation platform…great! This white paper from SharpSpring details 10 things your agency should seriously consider before signing on the dotted line. Learn about 10 key questions to ask vendors, such as: Do they require long-term contracts or upfront fees? Are there limits on or extra charges for customer support? […] Google warns against misusing links in syndication & large-scale article campaigns May 25, 2017 by Danny Sullivan If the primary purpose of distributing content is to gain links, both authors and publishers risk a Google penalty. How to compare paid search and organic search without sounding foolish May 25, 2017 by Andy Taylor Which search channel is better: paid or organic? Columnist Andy Taylor argues that there is no simple answer to this question, despite what some practitioners may want to believe. New Quality Score metrics: What matters most, and how to improve your ads May 25, 2017 by Kevin Lee Looking for ways to gain an advantage in paid search? Columnist Kevin Lee has some ideas to increase Quality Score metrics and surpass your competitors. Micro-wins: The true secret to AdWords success May 25, 2017 by Jacob Baadsgaard The PPC world is rife with stories of quick wins, hacks and tricks that lead to big gains in paid search performance — but columnist Jacob Baadsgaard notes that the best results with AdWords accounts are often the result of many smaller wins over time. Google expands offline attribution and launches in-store sales measurement May 24, 2017 by Greg Sterling Google is beefing up offline analytics with more store visitation and sales data. Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? May 24, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot Today’s consumers research products on the go, using their smartphones to find and choose at which nearby business to make a purchase or eat a meal. Most visit the store they select on the same day. Yet most marketers can’t – or don’t – optimize their digital presence or measure the impact of their digital […] Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: Crafting a successful holistic search approach The consumer decision journey in the increasingly complex search retail marketplace Facebook rolls out software tool to make AMP, Apple News pages more like Instant Articles Taboola’s grid of recommended stories is now an infinite, scrolling feed The connected channels: All media channels must have defined budgets, priority and cohesive reporting How to make ads less adversarial AMP ads: Google will convert display ads to AMP, test AMP landing pages for Search ads Conversion rate optimization tools coming to AdWords with new integrations Facebook and Google have dominated smartphone screens for the past three years Compare 6 top content management systems Search News From Around The Web: Local & Maps When Will Google Fix My StreetView Image?, Mike Blumenthal Google is Testing Hotel Price Tags in Local 3 Pack, Sergey Alakov Placemark popups in the new Google Earth, Google Earth Blog Yelp Encouraging Use of Special Holiday Hours, Mike Blumenthal Searching Google Testing New People Also Search For Carousel Interface, Search Engine Roundtable SEO Early Results from Split Testing JavaScript for SEO, Distilled Google Clarifies That The Noindex Doesn’t Control Rankings, Search Engine Roundtable Google Confirms Over Optimization Can Eventually Hurt Your Search Rankings, Search Engine Roundtable How Does Google Look for Authoritative Search Results?, SEO By The Sea How To Generate Signals Of A Quality Web Page, SEM Rush SEM / Paid Search 4 Psychological Tips to Write PPC Ads That Pack a Punch, Search Engine Journal 4 Useful Features Hidden in the New AdWords Interface, WordStream Content Network sunset in the US market., Bing Ads Blog Google Marketing Next 2017 Recap: What You Need to Know for PPC Improvement in 2017, Metric Theory About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Popular Stories Google warns against misusing links in syndication & large-scale article campaigns How to compare paid search and organic search without sounding foolish New Quality Score metrics: What matters most, and how to improve your ads Google confirms it’s rolling out new reviews format for hotels Related Topics Channel: IndustrySearchCap Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Home Channels CED ECN MDT Mag Wireless Design and Development Wireless Week Topics Aerospace Automotive Civil Engineering Consumer Electronics Design Tools Energy Industrial Automation IoT Manufacturing Materials Military Motion Control Prototyping R&D Recalls Regulation Robotics STEM Wearables Watch Engineering Live Engineering Update Hold Your Batteries Hotspot Tuesdays with Rodger Events ECN Impact Awards RD 100 Conference Search Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Guides Companies Products Learn Digital Subscribe Login Register Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Consumer Electronics Computer Wins 2nd Game Against Chinese Go Champion Thu, 05/25/2017 - 4:40pm Comments by Associated Press Photo Credit: Getty Images A computer beat China's top player of go, one of the last games machines have yet to master, for a second time Thursday in a competition authorities limited the Chinese public's ability to see. Ke Jie lost despite playing what Google's AlphaGo indicated was the best game any opponent has played against it, said Demis Hassabis, founder of the company that developed the program. AlphaGo defeated Ke, a 19-year-old prodigy, in their first game Tuesday during a forum organized by Google on artificial intelligence in Wuzhen, a town west of Shanghai. They play a final game Saturday. AlphaGo previously defeated European and South Korean champions, surprising players who had expected it to be at least a decade before computers could master the game. Internet users outside China could watch this week's games live but Chinese censors blocked most mainland web users from seeing the Google site carrying the feed. None of China's dozens of video sites carried the live broadcasts but a recording of Tuesday's game was available the following night on one popular site, Youku.com. State media reports on the games have been brief, possibly reflecting Beijing's antipathy toward Google, which closed its China-based search engine in 2010 following a dispute over censorship and computer hacking. Google says 60 million people in China watched online when AlphaGo played South Korea's go champion in March 2016. The official response to the match, a major event for the worlds of go and artificial intelligence, reflects the conflict between the ruling Communist Party's technology ambitions and its insistence on controlling what its public can see, hear and read. The government encourages internet use for business and education but tries to block access to material considered subversive. The possible reason for suppressing coverage while allowing Google to organize the event was unclear. Censorship orders to Chinese media are officially secret and government officials refuse to confirm whether online material is blocked. On Thursday, AlphaGo "thought that Ke Jie played perfectly" for the first 50 moves, Hassabis said at a news conference. "For the first roughly 100 moves, it is the closest game we have ever seen anyone play against the master version of AlphaGo," he said. Ke said the computer made unexpected moves after playing more methodically on Tuesday. "From the perspective of human beings, it stretched a little bit and I was surprised at some points," he said. "I also thought that I was very close to winning the match in the middle," Ke said. "I could feel my heart thumping. But maybe because I was too excited, I did some wrong or stupid moves. I guess that's the biggest weak point of human beings." Go players take turns putting white or black stones on a rectangular grid with 361 intersections, trying to capture territory and each other's pieces by surrounding them. The game is considered more difficult than chess for machines to master because the near-infinite number of possible positions requires intuition and flexibility. This week's games are taking place in a hall where Chinese leaders hold the annual World Internet Conference, an event attended by global internet companies. China has the world's biggest population of internet users, with some 730 million people online at the end of last year, according to government data. Censors block access to social media and video-sharing websites such as Facebook and YouTube. Internet companies are required to employ teams of censors to watch social media and remove banned material. Web surfers can get around online filters using virtual private networks, but Beijing has cracked down on use of those. Related Reads Chinese Fans Trash Blackout As Google AI Wins Again Human Champion Certain He'll Beat AI At Ancient Chinese Game AI Wins As Google Algorithm Beats No. 1 Go Player (Update) China Seeks Global Support for Cyber Sovereignty Framework Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with PD&D Facebook Twitter YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Contributor Guidelines Digital Editions Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Topics Aerospace Automotive Civil Engineering Consumer Electronics Design Tools Energy Industrial Automation IoT Manufacturing Materials Military Motion Control Prototyping R&D Recalls Regulation Robotics STEM Wearables Advantage Business Media © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Watch: What’s new in Android O and beyond, with Google Chris Burns - May 25, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit This week the folks at Google release the full collection of Google I/O 2017 talks in video form. That includes a selection of videos which identify the newest features in Android. That’s Android, the operating system quite likely on the device you’re reading this with right this minute – dive in and make the most of it! Several sessions and chats and keynotes from Google are presented below, selected by SlashGear in the following order. Developers and Android users should keep an eye on the notes – not every talk will make a big hoot for every single person. Some users will find some talks terribly boring, while others will get so excited, their eyes will fry in their skulls like freshly cracked eggs. The first talk is called, simply, “What’s New in Android” and it’s a “Beginner” chat for developers. Because it is a beginner lever chat, it’s still valuable to users outside the developer realm. Google presented this talk as an “Overview of the latest developer-facing features in the Android platform, including the O Developer Preview SDK, the Support Libraries and other new and exciting developments.” The above talk was given by Google developers and leaders Chet Haase, Romain Guy, and Dan Sandler. Next is the most major keynote of the event series, the first big Google I/O 2017 keynote. This was given by the CEO of Google and all of his best buddies! The next video is the first day’s “Developer Keynote” from Google as given by Google’s Jason Titus. Other presenters during the chat define Google’s role in the developer outreach program. Pay special attention to the bit about Kotlin, the most exciting addition to the Google developer universe this year, by far. Perhaps the most important session for developers that want to play a key role with Google in the future is the one that comes next. That is the “Building apps for the Google Assistant” session. “This session will explain how to plug into the Google Assistant services ecosystem. We’ll cover everything from understanding the business use case and high level user interface design to implementation and growing usage.” The talk above was given by Google’s Brad Abrams, Adam Coimba, and Vera Tzoneva. This is another content level: Beginner, so it’s also valuable to the end user – at least somewhat. Finally there’s the extra-odd path of pathways to the next generation in virtual experiences. That is “VR, AR, and paths to immersive computing”, a session for beginners, intermediate developers, and advanced developers alike. This talk took place in the main amphitheater at Google I/O on the second day at the same time as the first day’s main keynote – that means it was important. Above the VR, AR, and immersive computing session included Google’s words: “Learn more about where we’re headed and the investments we’re making in virtual and augmented reality to build a platform for immersive computing.” Six different developers and product masters from Google spoke at this presentation, including Andrew Doronichev, Erin Teague, Mike Jazayeri, Jennifer Holland, Clay Bavor, and the always epic Johnny Lee. Story Timeline How to get the Gboard for Android update on your phone (APK download) Android update 7.1.2 brings goodies for Nexus 6P, Pixel C This is when Google Pixel will receive its last Android update Google's Android updates policy needs a big makeover Google's "Treble" will make Android updates direct Tags AndroidAppsdevelopersgoogleGoogle IOSoftwarevideo Must Read Bits & Bytes Surface Pro 4 vs Surface Pro: Is it worth the upgrade? BMW Concept 8 Series previews a stunning luxury coupe comeback Ninety7 Vaux Review: Echo Dot speaker-battery cuts Alexa’s cord Tiny DJI Spark drone flies by gestures: Pricing, camera, and Autopilot Surface Pro vs Huawei MateBook E vs Samsung Galaxy Book: What you need to know Latest Headlines OnePlus 3T dicontinued, most likely because of OnePlus 5 May 26, 2017 AmazonFresh Pickup finally opens its doors in Seattle May 25, 2017 Andy Rubin’s Essential jumps on Twitter, teases something big May 25, 2017 Facebook tipped in video deal with Vox Media and more May 25, 2017 Lyft Lux and Lux SUV brings high-class options to riders May 25, 2017 Latest Reviews Kangaroo Mobile Desktop Pro Review: a tiny battery-powered Windows 10 PC May 24, 2017 Ninety7 Vaux Review: Echo Dot speaker-battery cuts Alexa’s cord May 24, 2017 Garmin VIRB 360 camera review: rugged, simple, powerful May 24, 2017 2017 Porsche 718 Cayman S Review: Brave new turbocharged world May 23, 2017 Samsung Galaxy Book 12 Review: A premium 2-in-1 with a price to match May 23, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News fast company homepage technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design homepage cities graphics innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Work Smart The apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder. FastCo.Works Studio An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: advertisement advertisement 05.25.17 reinventing music How Google’s Music-Making AI Learns From Human Minds At Festivals Google’s year-long quest to teach computers to make music is humming along—but the robots have a lot to learn. [Photo: Unsplash user Sašo Tušar] By John Paul Titlow6 minute Read I’m sitting in a packed classroom when the weird noises start whirring around me. In the front of the room, lines of code pour down the screen while beeps and bloops start chiming from the laptop speakers on each desk. advertisement Some of the sounds are reminiscent of a vintage synthesizer, but what’s happening here is much more modern. A powerful neural network is helping to create these tones in the hopes of offering musicians a cutting-edge new tool for their creative arsenal. Over time, the machines will learn to create music themselves. The classroom is being led by Adam Roberts and Colin Raffel, two Google engineers working on the Magenta project within the rapidly expanding Google Brain artificial intelligence lab. First unveiled to the public last May at the Moogfest music and technology festival in Durham, NC, Magenta is focused on teaching machines to understand and generate music and building tools that supplement human creativity with the horsepower of Google’s machine learning and neural networks. Today, almost exactly one year later, Roberts and Raffel are back at Moogfest showing software engineers and musicians how to get Magenta’s latest tools up and running on their computers so they can start playing around and, they hope, contributing code and ideas to the open source project. “The goal of the project is to interface with the outside world, especially creators,” says Roberts. “We all have some artistic abilities in some sense, but we don’t consider ourselves artists. We’re trained as researchers and software engineers.” A Different Knob To Play With This workshop, focused on Magenta’s MIDI-based musical sequence generator API, was just one of several events Magenta engineers hosted at Moogfest this year. Throughout the four-day festival, they could be seen giving workshops, presenting demos of Magenta’s latest playable interfaces, like the web-based NSynth “neural synthesizer,” which uses neural networks to mathematically blend existing sounds to generate entirely new ones. “With synthesizers, you’re giving people knobs and oscillators that can combine to create a sound,” says Roberts. “This is just a different knob to play with.” The Magenta team’s extensive presence at Moogfest is not just a byproduct of their nerdy enthusiasm for all things tech and music. It’s strategically deliberate. As an open source project (its code base can be found on Github), Magenta needs software developers to poke and prod at its code, critique its interface designs, and generally help push the project forward. Moogfest’s bleeding edge, progressive focus on the intersection of music and technology attracts a high concentration of exactly the type of people Magenta needs. It’s a total nerdfest, in other words. By hosting public workshops at a gathering like Moogfest, Magenta aims to ensure that its toolkit is installed on more laptops belonging to people who are among the best equipped to tinker with it and stretch its limits. It’s also helpful for Google engineers to be onsite for these types of events, because as Roberts admits, the user interfaces aren’t exactly polished. “We’re definitely not a place where you can sit down, open something up, and just start playing around with it,” he says. “There is a lot of overhead and you have to know how to use the command line and all that stuff.” advertisement Workshops like this one let Roberts and Raffel walk coders through the process of installing the tools needed to use Magenta. Much of the work happens in raw code in the command line, but also through applications like PureData. In addition to user-friendly interfaces like the NSynth web app, Magenta coders do their best to build a bridge from Google’s AI infrastructure to more familiar music-creation tools like Ableton Live and Logic Pro. The team’s work strikes a balance between research mode (they just had four research papers accepted for the next International Conference on Machine Learning, which is no small feat) and build-and-design mode. Thus, the user-friendly polish is sometimes slow to come to fruition. Watching Creatives Use AI Once everyone in the room is up and running with the software, Roberts and Raffel start to get something very valuable in return: Critical feedback. Workshop attendees, who vary in terms of their technical prowess, can quickly identify the pain points of using Magenta’s tools—and their imperfections. This is insight Google’s engineers wouldn’t necessarily always get from Github and other online communities. They can also observe firsthand how people use the code and interfaces, sometimes in unexpected ways. Google’s Colin Raffel at a Magenta workshop during Moogfest. [Photo: John Paul Titlow]“Whenever you create something, you have some idea of ‘This is how I think I would use it,'” says Roberts. “But all great things that people have invented music-wise, like the electric guitar or the 808, were invented for one purpose and then totally taken by creative people and used in a different way.” The project has come long way since last May, but Google Magenta is still barely an infant in the grand scheme of things. Magenta can auto-generate new sounds and short melodies, for instance, but doesn’t know much about the larger structure of songs. This is one of a few different territories the team hopes to push into next, both through academic-style research and building creative tools. “I think it’s a neat technical challenge:  Can you actually understand this long-term structure of music?” says Roberts. “And then once you do, can you give people the tools to then fiddle with the parameters of the long-term structure to come up with new concepts that maybe haven’t been explored before?” A hypothetical, real world example might be a plugin or a button for Garage Band or Ableton that lets songwriters use artificial intelligence to auto-generate a few options for the melodic structure of the song they’re working on. Or perhaps a well-trained neural network could help create ambient “generative” music that never ends—an idea already explored through less technologically sophisticated means by musician Brian Eno. Such prospects may spark chilling, dystopian thoughts among some artists, but Roberts and his colleagues insist the goal is to craft tools that supplement human creativity, not replace it. More Work To Do “I don’t have any expectation that anybody is going to sit in their armchair and listen to symphonies written by computers,” says Doug Eck, who leads the Magenta team at Google.  But, in the future AI could be used to mimic the social, collaborative nature of playing music. advertisement “If you’re a musician and you play with other musicians, [this is like] having something at the table computationally that can function as a kind of musician with you,” says Eck. “But it doesn’t mean you’d want to listen to its output all by itself.” We’re likely still years away from plug-and-play robo-companions for musicians—although with the rapid pace of developing in AI, who knows? In the meantime, Magenta has a lot more work to do. For starters, Roberts admits, they could build more intuitive interfaces and write cleaner code that’s easier to work with. They’re also continuing on the festival circuit, bringing Magenta’s tools and code to the Sonar festival and Barcelona in June. [Photo: Unsplash user Álvaro Serrano]They also desperately need more data. One thing these workshops and demos don’t do is train the underlying machine learning models, at least not directly.  For that, Magenta needs more sources of raw data about music. Roberts’s fantasy about teaching machines to understand and create longer song structures, for example, would require a mountain of intelligence from the annals of written music. Earlier Google A.I. art experiments, like the bizarre Deep Dream image generator, were relatively easy to pull off because of the wealth of image data that’s readily available online. Music is a much more complex form of media than two-dimensional JPEGs, and thus finding meaningful and machine-readable sources of data remains a challenge. One additional advantage of having a presence at conferences and festivals is that they offer leads on potential data sources. Moogfest is teeming with the sort of people who build MIDI datasets or otherwise find useful ways to compile and play with music-related data. Many of them, Roberts say, are eager to find ways to collaborate with Google’s artificial musical brain. “These types of conversations are going to lead to our ability to have more data,” says Roberts. “Not just for ourselves. This is meant to be a collaborative project internally and externally. So, these conversations are useful.” About the author John Paul Titlow is a writer at Fast Company focused on music and technology, among other things. More Fast Company Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters advertisement Related Stories Technology How Google Street View Became An Art Form Technology Electronic Music Pioneer Suzanne Ciani: Artists Need To Love Their Machines Technology Latitu° Creates Luggage At The Intersection of Affordable And Luxurious advertisement Video How These Film Buffs Turned Movie Trailer Spoofs Into A Successful YouTube Channel Trump Isn't The First President To Declare War On The Media Why Gwyneth Paltrow Is In Awe Of Women Entrepreneurs Could Ford’s New CEO Get Self-Driving Cars On The Road Faster? How This Fashion Company Incorporates Inclusion For Its Team of 80% Women How Gwyneth Paltrow Pursued Her Passion To Found Goop "Veep" And "House Of Cards" Are Both Becoming Scarily Real How The VP of Global Marketing At Facebook Got Her Start Serving Sandwiches At A Theater How WNYC Continues to Innovate and Create Social Change Jeff Garlin Had A Lot Of Odd Jobs That He Mostly Got Fired From Why the Upright Citizens Brigade Is Bringing Improv to the Workplace How School Of Doodle Is Paving The Way For Gen Z Women How The Product Designer For Facebook Stays Productive What's Your Creative Habit? How Tasty Became A Viral Facebook Sensation Ideas Ideas Rapid Resist Activates Protestors So Lawmakers Can Hear What Their Constituents Really Think Ideas Eating Beans Could Be A Magical Solution To Climate Change Ideas CEOs Got Huge Raises Last Year–Did You? Entertainment Entertainment Brands, Take Note: Beautycon Has Cracked The “Pivotal Generation” Entertainment Honest Trailers Celebrates Its 200th Video And A Vision For Its Future Entertainment The Relationship Between Brands And Music Needs To Evolve Co.Design Spaces Watch Hudson Yards’ 4,000-Ton Kinetic Roof In Action Product Jony Ive Named Chancellor Of One Of The World’s Most Prestigious Art Schools Graphics Order: The New Design Office That Spun Off A $1.9M Kickstarter Business Fast Company Technology How Google Street View Became An Art Form Technology How Google’s Music-Making AI Learns From Human Minds At Festivals Ideas Rapid Resist Activates Protestors So Lawmakers Can Hear What Their Constituents Really Think Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC </noscript></body></html>
Technology | Economy | Startups | Personal Finance | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Business Technology Personal Finance Startups Internet Culture Media Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Subscribe to Newsletters Paging Decentral Billion-dollar Messaging App Kik Takes on Google, Facebook With Cryptocurrency Several million teenagers with digital wallets By Brady Dale • 05/25/17 5:00pm Do u kik? Jamie Squire/Getty Images Kik is giving teenagers a wallet and an allowance. For the unfamiliar, Kik is one of the largest messaging apps in the world, though tiny compared to services like WeChat, Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp. Anyone who has scrolled through the bikini-heavy corners of Instagram (don’t look at me) have probably seen something like “Kik: b1ancAAAH” or “~kIk Me~” in user bios. It’s an invitation to connect personally, for chatting in private. Kik today is what BBM was to young Gen X’ers or old Millennials. With someone’s Kik ID, the app gives users a way to chat, send GIFs or do whatever the kids do these days, as long as whoever sent the message seems cool; otherwise, they get blocked. Simple. Fred Wilson thinks Kik is cool. The Union Square Ventures partner has backed the company, which has now attained a valuation of over a billion dollars, putting it in the unicorn club. According to App Annie, the company has had 30 million downloads on iOS and Android, and Android users have consistently logged about 5 hours per month on Kik. As we’ve previously reported, Wilson has long believed that cryptocurrency could kickoff the next great leap forward for the web by making money native to the internet. That said, I don’t think many people were expecting the company’s announcement today: Kik is creating a new cryptocurrency, called Kin, running on the Ethereum blockchain. “They are going to decentralize Kik and use a new cryptocurrency called Kin to build a business model around a decentralized Kik and, hopefully, attract other developers to build decentralized communities using Kin as well,” Wilson wrote on his blog. With Kin, developers could earn money when users actually pay for services. Today, developers kill themselves building apps for Facebook and Google, and generally they can only monetize users’ attention in the form of ads. It takes a huge hit to earn anything. So, the Toronto-based company is giving a cryptowallet to several million young people and developers a strong incentive to make up ways for them to spend money in that wallet. If the internet has digital money moving at high volume, there will be new ways for companies to earn money besides selling out their users to Google and Facebook. Ted Livingston, Kik co-founder. Noam Galai/Getty Images Digital advertising is a $72 billion market. It grew by 20 percent last year, and nearly the entirety of that growth went to Google and Facebook, as Fortune reported. The two companies already control nearly two-thirds of the market. In a lot of ways, advertising is the currency of the internet, so online it’s as if the Federal government retired the dollar in favor of the Facebeso and the Groogble. As Kik put it in the Kin whitepaper: “The reliance on advertising for digital media revenue has resulted in advantages for companies whose products reach mass audiences. Such companies can leverage network effects and economies of scale to apply intense pressure to smaller competitors while also stifling competition by providing their services free of charge.” By putting digital money in the hands of lots and lots of its users, Kik thinks it can create a new way for developers to make a living off their talent, but the key is teaming up. “Any one app that tries to take on these behemoths is going to lose,” Ted Livingston, Kik’s co-founder says in the announcement video for the new currency. Cryptocurrency is decentralized. If Kin takes off, there will be no new center of gravity. Instead, there will just be a Kin economy. Kin will create 10 trillion units that it will parcel out over time. It will have an initial coin offering where ten percent of all Kin will be distributed. This should establish an initial value for the coins. Then it will begin distributing coins out to users and developers. The incentives at the start will be geared toward generate turnover. The more people are actually exchanging Kin, the more they should be worth. The more they are worth, the more developers will build new apps to generate more turnover. Every day, new Kin will be released, and they will be distributed proportionally to apps based on how much Kin they move. In a way, it makes the rich get richer, but it also creates a strong incentive for techies to make stuff that people want to pay for. To keep money flowing, users will be able to earn Kin without putting real money into the system. Everybody will get a wallet in their app. This could be important, because it allows young people to get into the idea of digital currency and really start using it. “In the future, users will be able to earn Kin by providing value to other members of the Kik digital community through curation, content creation, and commerce,” the white paper explains. It’s vague, but the basics are there. If Kin gets to be worth enough, we might see people, for example, pay for their Spotify subscriptions using money they earned posting funny photos on Kik’s inevitable Snapchat Stories ripoff. That’s real value. The white paper lays out several use cases in a Kin-economy. Users might use Kin to pay for access to exclusive, members-only groups around a celebrity. They might use Kin to buy exclusive content from an artist, such as a song download. And, of course, users will be able to tip people they like in Kin, such as webcomic artists working in a mobile-friendly format. So that all sounds pretty nice. It also sounds like a nice ecosystem for porn stars, but who’s judging? Kik permissions, from the Google Play store. Screenshot Though both porn stars and developers will have the same question: how easy will it be to turn Kin earned into actual money? Developers aren’t going to have an incentive to build great services that earn Kin if they can’t pay rent with their earnings. “Only a small portion of the Kin supply will become liquid in the near future, as most of the Kin supply is reserved for the Kin Rewards Engine,” the white paper states. So for an entrepreneur, that leaves them uncertain about if people will use Kin, if volume will be high enough, if it will be worth anything in fiat money and when they will be able to sell Kin for real money. That’s too much uncertainty for teams to start putting new Kik app ideas onto whiteboards just yet. Privacy is another big question mark. I went to download Kik to my mobile, and it asked for every possible permission, from access to my contacts to access to my microphone and camera. In its privacy policy, the company admits that it uses data collectors like Google Analytics and Nielsen (though there could be more), and users should look at those companies’ privacy policies to find out what they do with information gathered inside Kik. So until Kik manages to knock Google out of its place at the helm of the digital economy, it’s still making dinner off scraps that fall from the Mountain View gravy train. UPDATE: Added data from App Annie. May 25, 2017 6:16 PM.   SEE ALSO: 11 Amazing Facts You Might Not Know About Chatbots Business & Technology Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video ‘Houdini’ of Alabama Death Row is put to death Former UCSF doctor charged with prescription fraud GOP candidate wins House seat despite assault charge Soldiers launch attacks in besieged Philippine city News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Flood of off-lease used cars push prices down, upend market Italian fashion designer Laura Biagiotti dies at 73 Philippines official: Terror suspect still in besieged city Trump, G7 peers seek deals on terrorism, trade, climate Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Cavs rout Celtics to deliver the ‘three-match’ Penguins top Senators in 2 OTs, head back to Finals Matt Barnes’ return to Warriors sparks memories of his mother Giants can’t answer the call, lose to Cubs again Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Lights out! Eclipse to cut solar power in California Jury rules with UC Davis in fight over strawberries Harassment lawsuit against Monsieur Benjamin, former worker Partial eclipse of the heat; Switch helps Best Buy A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do The new ‘Pirates’: Some dead things can’t be resurrected The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife ‘Baywatch’ is funny, sort of, but not funny enough Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Safeway to Carry the Plant-Based Beyond Burger in Its Meat Case 2 white women opened a Portland burrito pop-up. It closed after Here's the scoop on Hunter and Alexis Pence's new coffee and game Sons & Daughters scores with their 9-course tasting menu Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Those colorful dots along San Francisco curbs might keep you from Is your beard attracting or grossing out women? Pediatricians say children under 1 should not drink fruit juice Sturgeon, bass are biting in San Pablo Bay Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Picnic season’s here — stake your spot A science stopover for migrating birds One Day, One Place: The music never stops in San Rafael Marin County winemakers revive dormant tradition Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Remodeled Edwardian sits on a flat block in SF’s Eureka Valley The Bay Area’s cutest compound—with glass atrium and 1890s lodge on 2.6 wooded acres in Mill Valley asks $9.5 million All-encompassing luxury in Atherton Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/At-Google-employees-track-harassment-on-message-11174143.php At Google, employees track harassment on message board By Ellen Huet and Mark Bergen Published 1:59 pm, Thursday, May 25, 2017 At most companies, if you think you’ve witnessed sexual harassment, sexism, bigotry or racism, there’s one way to get it addressed: going to human resources. At Google, there’s another way to air your grievance: submitting your complaint to an employee-run message board. The list that comes out of those messages, called “Yes, at Google,” is a grassroots effort to collect anonymous submissions at Google and parent Alphabet and communicate them across the Mountain View company, according to five employees who receive the list. It tracks allegations of unwelcome behavior at work in an attempt to make the company more inclusive, said the employees, who did not want to be named because they were not authorized to speak about internal company matters. Since starting in October, more than 15,000 employees — 20 percent of the workforce — have subscribed, according to two of those people. Management is aware of the list. “We work really hard to promote and preserve a culture of respect and inclusion,” a Google representative said. “Our employees have numerous ways to raise issues — both negative and positive — with us, including through grassroots transparency efforts like this one. We take concerns seriously and take appropriate measures to address them.” The list is run by workers from different areas of the company, according to a person familiar with it, though it’s not clear who runs the list and whether the submissions are vetted. Usually the people in the complaints are not named, though one submission described an instance when, during a large company meeting in late April, Alphabet Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt allegedly interrupted Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat when she had a question addressed to her, which the post categorized as a “gender-related” complaint. A person who attended the meeting said Schmidt answered the question to make a joke. Messages sometimes include job titles and other details. Latest business videos Google, along with other tech companies, is facing growing pressure from diversity advocates and the media to change the gender and racial makeup of its workforce, which is largely white and Asian men. But inside company walls, employees are also speaking up about what they see as unfair treatment. The weekly email — whose title is meant to suggest that yes, these things happen at Google, even if you don’t see them — is one way employees are pushing for awareness and change. Google management doesn’t control or influence the content, though the list’s organizers sometimes ask teams or particular employees to respond to an item before publication. Executives have touted the list internally as a way that Google is trying to make its workplace welcome to all kinds of employees. In February, former Uber engineer Susan Fowler wrote a widely read blog post detailing alleged sexual harassment and other mistreatment at Uber (in response to Fowler’s allegations, Uber is conducting an internal investigation into its workplace culture). After her post, a group of Google vice presidents sent staff an email that listed resources that might help prevent similar things happening at Google. “Yes, at Google” was included as a resource. A dispatch from early May listed dozens of alleged incidents. One person reported a manager to HR for allegedly “joking about raping one of his direct reports,” the email said. “He was promoted.” Another allegation: “A colleague started a meeting off by making a joke that called a woman in the adjacent meeting room ‘some random bitch.’” In another, a writer alleges that a new employee was invited by an engineer to get drinks with colleagues off campus. It was her second week of work. “Upon arriving, discovered there was no group,” the email said. “Subsequently informed by the engineer that she was expected to ‘sleep with everyone’ because that’s the culture here.” The message was accompanied by a note that urged anyone who knows of the identity of the people involved or the time and place it occurred to share it with the company, “so we can look into this matter and address it appropriately.” A list like “Yes, at Google” introduces business risks, said Peter Cappelli, a management professor at the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School. If a submission were proven libelous, that could be a legal complication for the company. And having a fifth of a company’s workforce reading a weekly collection of complaints could amplify discontent among employees, he said. In 2014, Google became one of the first high-profile tech companies to release employee diversity figures. The company’s proportions have not improved much in three years — 81 percent of its technical staff is male, as of last year, and less than 6 percent are races other than Asian or white. Google runs implicit bias training designed to address some of the subtle forms of prejudice that persist inside workplaces. Google is under investigation by the Department of Labor for alleged systemic pay discrimination against its female employees. Google denied the allegations and said that its yearly analysis of pay across men and women found no gender pay gap. The newsletter is less than 8 months old but has picked up subscribers and interest in the past few months as other companies have faced more public allegations of sexual harassment. Google also faced criticism in February when Uber said it asked for the resignation of Amit Singhal, a senior executive, after learning that he was the subject of a sexual harassment claim when he worked at Google. Singhal denied the allegation. Not all the complaints in the mailing list include allegations of misconduct such as sexual harassment. Other entries allege workplace comments that might not be obviously offensive to everyone but made some workers uncomfortable, said the current employees. One submission cites a comment someone wrote in an internal referral that a job candidate “is definite (sic) one of the smartest girls I’ve met.” Another: “Co-worker to me: ‘You know why the schools in Pleasanton are so good, right? Because of all the Chinese people.’” One employee said that the hairdressers who work at the Google campus sometimes say, “I’ve never encountered hair like yours before,” which the employee said “comes across as code for ‘I’m not trained to cut the hair of people of your race.’” The mailing list also includes actions or changes that employees found praiseworthy. The updated drinks menu at weekly all-hands meetings include more nonalcoholic beverages, and the men’s restrooms in the San Francisco offices have menstruation products to accommodate transgender men who have periods. When some employees outside the U.S. found a YouTube data tool’s name offensive, it was quickly changed. Cappelli, the management professor, said that despite the risks that such a list poses, a collection of complaints from workers is valuable for management — especially about sensitive topics that employees may be reluctant to talk about. Keeping an eye on a list similar to Google’s “could be a pretty smart thing for an employer to do,” he said. “You can find out stuff that’s going on without having to do surveys. Employees don’t necessarily trust hotlines, and they certainly don’t always trust going to their supervisor with problems.” Ellen Huet and Mark Bergen are Bloomberg writers. Email: ehuet4@bloomberg.net, mbergen10@bloomberg.net Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY Kushner now a focus in FBI's Russia investigation The Kushners, the Saudis and Blackstone: Behind the recent deals Trump travel ban blocked; fight headed for Supreme Court LATEST NEWS Former UCSF doctor charged with prescription fraud Ex-soccer coach arrested, accused of child molestation Monstrous cyclones churning over Jupiter's poles Gianforte wins House race day after assault charge Inmate firefighter dies while battling NorCal blaze '13 Reasons Why' holding Bay Area casting call Ex-prof arrested in beating at Berkeley Trump rally Oakland longshoremen walk out after 2nd noose found America first: Trump appears to shove PM to get into photo Opinion: Trump's behavior at NATO a national embarrassment Trump scolds fellow NATO leaders: Spend more for military 'Omen' kid makes Trump-pope portrait even creepier White women close burrito pop-up over appropriation furor Taqueria La Cumbre celebrates 50 years in Mission 'Silicon Valley' renewed, but one star won't return next season Pinterest feature sounds like something 'Silicon Valley' Big plans for student housing in SF’s Potrero Hill, Dogpatch SF’s newest Navigation Center opens in Dogpatch TODAY'S TOP PICKS Famed SF movie and TV houses: Here's what they cost now Best beaches in US are named: One is from California Cute compound—with glass atrium —asks $2.65 million Most Popular 1 Former professor arrested in beating at Berkeley Trump rally 2 2 white women opened a Portland burrito pop-up. It closed... 3 Woman sues Jelly Belly, claiming she didn't know the beans... 4 Trump Shoves NATO Leader Aside, Twitter Reacts: ‘Classy... 5 Kushner now a focus in Russia investigation 6 'Omen' kid makes Trump-pope portrait even creepier 7 RadioShack's depressing Twitter account reveals how the... 8 Trump's behavior at NATO is a national embarrassment 9 Second noose in 2 weeks found at Port of Oakland terminal 10 TJ Miller to Exit HBO’s ‘Silicon Valley’ View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter UK politics US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Counter-terrorism policy Theresa May calls on tech firms to lead fight against online extremism G7 leaders urged to put pressure on companies such as Facebook and Google, as PM says fight against Isis is shifting from the ‘battlefield to the internet’ Theresa May will tell G7 leaders that more has to be done to tackle the threat posed by extremist content online. Photograph: Jonathan Ernst/Reuters Counter-terrorism policy Theresa May calls on tech firms to lead fight against online extremism G7 leaders urged to put pressure on companies such as Facebook and Google, as PM says fight against Isis is shifting from the ‘battlefield to the internet’ Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Anushka Asthana Political editor Thursday 25 May 2017 17.00 EDT Last modified on Thursday 25 May 2017 20.00 EDT Theresa May will urge G7 leaders to tell technology firms that they should do more to suppress extremist content online, arguing that fight against Islamic State is shifting from the “battlefield to the internet”. The prime minister will tell fellow leaders at the summit in Sicily that every country should encourage companies like Facebook, Google and Twitter to block users who post extremist content and report individuals to authorities if there is evidence of imminent harm. Addressing a small group of powerful counterparts, including Donald Trump and new French president, Emmanuel Macron, May will argue that more has to be done to tackle the threat posed by extremist content online in the aftermath of the Manchester Arena attack. Theresa May plans anti-extremism drive if Tories win election Read more The prime minister believes that cooperation between major industrial countries could help force the social media companies to: develop tools that could automatically identify and remove harmful material based on what it contains and who posted it tell the authorities when harmful material is identified so that action can be taken, and revise conditions and industry guidelines to make them absolutely clear about what constitutes harmful material. Many of the initiatives reflect concerns about Facebook in particular, which were exposed in a leak to the Guardian of the social media company’s training manuals. These pointed to discrepancies between the way acts of violence, bullying and cruelty are handled by the company and the sheer scale of problems it has to deal with. The general election campaign is due to renew in earnest today, with less than a fortnight to go before the UK goes to the polls. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn will return to the fray with a speech in London that will court controversy by returning to his long-held view that British military intervention in the Middle East has fuelled the surge in terrorism. “Many experts, including professionals in our intelligence and security services, have pointed to the connections between wars our government has supported or fought in other countries and terrorism here at home,” he will say. “We must be brave enough to admit that the ‘war on terror’ is simply not working. We need a smarter way to reduce the threat from countries that nurture terrorists and generate terrorism.” Corbyn will also point to recent cuts in funding for the police and health services, saying these too impact public safety. “Austerity has to stop at the A&E ward and at the police station door. We cannot be protected and cared for on the cheap.” Social media, extremism and fears we are losing the online war | Nick Hopkins Read more Meanwhile, government sources have said that May would want to see social media companies that do not take action over inflammatory content to be held to account – although they added they hoped that change would come about voluntarily and that she was not advocating financial penalties at this stage. “The prime minister will say that the threat we face is evolving rather than disappearing as [Isis] loses ground in Iraq and Syria. The fight is moving from the battlefield to the internet,” said a senior government source. “What she wants the G7 nations to do is to move towards a common approach focused on the need to defeat [Isis]. In particular she wants to use G7 to call for the members to adopt a collective approach when working with tech companies on this agenda, and she will say that the industry has a social responsibility to do more to remove harmful content from its networks.” No 10 believes that a G7-wide approach will put significant pressure on companies to take action, but it is unclear whether May is likely to have any luck in persuading Trump to take action against the major companies based in the US. May will hope to secure support from Trump after the US president showed solidarity during a meeting of Nato heads of government in Brussels on Thursday – and apologised for a string of leaks by his country’s intelligence agencies relating to the investigation into the Manchester attack. Describing the “alleged leaks” coming out of government agencies as “deeply troubling”, Trump said he had asked the Department of Justice to initiate an inquiry. The president added: “There is no relationship we cherish more than the special relationship between the United States and the United Kingdom.” Trump also told May that “all the nations grieve with you and stand with you” as he asked leaders gathered by a memorial of 9/11 and the Berlin wall to remember the victims of Manchester with a period of silence. He also admitted that more had to be done to counter extremism, claiming that countries were struggling to contain the terror threat. “You have thousands and thousands of people pouring into our various countries and spreading throughout and in many cases we have no idea who they are. We must be tough, we must be strong and we must be vigilant.” In March No 10 said companies like Facebook and Google “can and must do more” to remove inflammatory material from the web and that it was up to them to respond to public concern. “Social media companies have a responsibility when it comes to making sure this material is not disseminated and we have been clear repeatedly that we think that they can and must do more,” a spokesman said. “We are always talking with them on how to achieve that. The ball is now in their court. We will see how they respond.” The Manchester bombing, which followed an earlier terror attack in Westminster, has reignited concern about the easy availability of material promoting violent extremism online. The government is pressing for a consensual approach, with sources as yet unwilling to comment on the possibility of legislation if social media companies fail to tighten their procedures. The question of social media use by terrorists came up after the murder of Lee Rigby in London. A senior MP later accused Facebook of failing to pass onmessages that could have provided information to thwart the attack. Topics Counter-terrorism policy Theresa May Surveillance G7 Islamic State Social media Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Politics › Counter-terrorism policy back to top UK politics US world science US politics business more become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Pogue The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't David Pogue Yahoo Finance May 25, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Every spring, Samsung introduces a new Galaxy phone; every fall, Apple (AAPL) counterpunches with a new iPhone. At the moment, we find ourselves in mid-cycle: Samsung has just released its Galaxy S8, and the iPhone 8 is still a summer away. The S8 is a gorgeous phone. It’s a hardware masterpiece, it’s getting rave reviews, and—hey!—so far, nobody’s battery has exploded. It’s also so crammed with features, it’s amazing the thing doesn’t weigh 20 pounds. That’s the Samsung way: Pile on features to see what sticks. Unfortunately, some of it’s garbage. So here, as a public service, is a peculiar kind of review: A master list of features that the new Samsung has and the iPhone doesn’t—along with an assessment of which ones are actually useful. 1. The wraparound screen Samsung’s S8 design goal was, “the most screen in the smallest space.” And sure enough: the side margins of the screen are gone completely—the screen image actually begins to curve around the side edges—and the top and bottom margins have been halved. The result: Samsung’s screen shows 40% more than the iPhone 7’s—but the phones are the same width. (The screen is 5.8 inches diagonal on the S8, vs. 4.7 on the iPhone.) That’s a little misleading, of course—the Samsung gets some of that extra screen area by being taller than the iPhone (.4 inches taller). In other words, it’s a weird shape—tall and skinny—that leaves you with black bars beside your videos. Here’s what else is misleading: Samsung advertises a resolution of 2960 by 1440 pixels—much higher than the iPhone’s 1334 by 750. But in hopes of saving battery life, Samsung hides much of that high-res goodness. Out of the box, the phone comes set to 1080p resolution—only one-quarter of its potential sharpness. You have to fiddle with Settings if you want all the clarity you paid for. But no question: it’s great to have so much screen. And such a great screen! Bright, colorful, gorgeous OLED. Usefulness grade: A 2. Edge display On the right edge, you can set up something called the Edge display. It’s a vertical bar, hugging the curved edge, that you can swipe inward to reveal a skinny pane of icons. You choose which icons appear here—favorite apps, speed-dial icons for your friends, news, and so on. Because this bar is available from within any app, it’s like an ever-present dock. Once you try it, you’ll use it constantly. It spares you all the trips to the Home screens. It’s really great. This skinny bar at the edge of the screen gives you instant access to favorite apps and people.More Usefulness: A+ 3. Video enhancer The S8’s Video Enhancer mode gooses the contrast and brightness in video apps like Netflix (NFLX) and YouTube (GOOG, GOOGL). Honestly? Without seeing two S8’s side-by-side, it’s hard to see a difference. (It comes turned off, because it’s a battery drainer.) Usefulness: B+ 4. Gigabit LTE The S8 and S8+ are the first phones that can tap into Gigabit LTE—a cellular network that’s supposed to give you much faster internet speeds. It probably won’t affect you. Only T-Mobile (TMUS) has started upgrading its network to Gigabit LTE, and only in 300 towns. Sprint (S), Verizon (VZ), and AT&T (T) say they’re working on it. (Gigabit LTE isn’t the same thing—nor as fast—as 5G, which will take a few more years to arrive.) Usefulness: B 5. Iris recognition You can now unlock your S8 by gazing into its camera lens; it recognizes the irises of your eyes, even if you have glasses on. Most people don’t wind up using this feature, though, because it requires that you bring the phone up to eye level and hold it about 10 inches from your face; it’s just goofy and awkward. It also doesn’t work in bright sunlight. Read More Unlocking the phone with your irises is awkward, but handy when you have gloves on.More Unfortunately, the alternative secure unlocking method—your fingerprint—is a total disaster. Samsung put the fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone, directly beside the camera, so you get finger grease on the lens every time you unlock it. (The phone even warns you as much: “Be careful not to smudge the camera lens,” it says when you set up your fingerprints.) That’s if you can unlock it—the scanner is a tall rectangle (not a circle, as on the iPhone), and you have to cover the entire thing to make it work. A design disaster all the way around. Usefulness: C 6. Face recognition The Galaxy can also unlock itself by recognizing your face. It’s fast, and doesn’t involve holding the phone like you’re trying to mind-meld with it. Unfortunately, face recognition is neither reliable (it often doesn’t work) nor secure; for example, Samsung doesn’t consider it secure enough to use for Samsung Pay. People report being able to fool it with a photo. You can’t use both iris and face recognition; you must choose one or the other. Usefulness: B 7. Longer battery lifetime Samsung says that the new S8 battery will last longer—not in hours per charge, but in overall lifetime of usefulness. After a year, the battery will maintain 95% of its charging capacity—up from 80%, on the Galaxy S7. There’s no way to test Samsung’s claim without waiting a year or two, so we’ll have to take their word for it. Usefulness: B+ 8. Portrait mode The S8’s main camera hasn’t been improved since the S7 came along—it’s a wicked great camera—but its software has. For example, when you’re photographing a face, you can turn on a Portrait mode, which simulates the blurry-background effect you usually see only in pro photos. This is not an optical effect; it’s basically a filter, and the phone sometimes gets it wrong. The blurring sometimes spills into your person. (On the iPhone 7 Plus, the similar Portrait feature relies on the phone’s two camera lenses, and is therefore more reliable.) What’s cool, though, is that you can adjust the blur after shooting the picture. You can even blur the foreground, leaving the background sharp. The S8’s blurring feature can soften focus of either the background or foreground, although the results can look phony.More Usefulness: B+ 9. Snapchat-style overlays The Camera app can now add goofy, Snapchat-style animated costumes to your head. They’re pretty awful. Stick to Snapchat (SNAP) or MSQRD. Usefulness: D 10. “Virtual” photos Within the Camera app, there’s a new option: You can walk around an object, “filming” it. Later, you can “play it back” by swiveling the phone around in space, changing your angle on the subject. Convenient if you’re shopping for sculptures, I guess. The Camera app is full of tricks, like Snapchat-style video overlays (left) and 3-D walkarounds of objects (right).More Usefulness: C 11. HDR certified The S8 is the first smartphone with an HDR-compatible screen. That’s high dynamic range, and it means that, if you can find an HDR movie to watch, you’ll see it with more vivid colors and a greater range of brights to darks. So far, there’s not much to watch. Netlix’s HDR movies don’t yet play on the S8 (and would require a more expensive streaming plan if they did). Amazon Prime’s HDR movies do, but there are only a handful of them. Usefulness: D 12. Enhanced front-facing camera The camera above the screen now captures 8-megapixel photos with an f/1.7 lens, and can autofocus now. Good stuff, though not an earth-shattering improvement over the iPhone 7’s front camera (7 megapixels, f/2.2 aperture). Usefulness: B 13. Bluetooth 5 Bluetooth 5 has four times the range and twice the data rates of Bluetooth 4—but you get those benefits only if you’ve upgraded your Bluetooth stuff (speakers, Fitbits, headphones, etc.) to Bluetooth 5 gear. Even now, though, the S8 lets you pair with two existing Bluetooth headphones, so you and a friend can listen simultaneously. Usefulness: B+ 14. Split screen The S8 introduces “multi window,” a feature that lets you split the screen between two apps, side-by-side (or top-and-bottom). At that point, you can adjust their relative sizes, or copy between them. Two apps, one screen.More It’s slick, but getting there takes some learning—and, unfortunately, it’s available only in some apps. Usefulness: B– 15. Bixby voice control Bixby is Samsung’s version of Siri or Google Assistant. It’s so important, it gets its own dedicated button on the left edge of the phone—which you can’t reassign to another function. Which is too bad, because at the moment, Bixby doesn’t do anything. It doesn’t take spoken questions, like Siri or Assistant does. Samsung says that’s coming soon. (Meanwhile, you can always use Google Assistant, which is still there.) Samsung says that once Bixby is activated, it’ll be much smarter than Siri or Assistant—that you’ll be able to give it far more complex commands. For example, if you’re looking at a map, you can say, “Capture this and send it to mom.” Samsung also says, though, that apps must be rewritten to respond to Bixby commands—and only 10 apps will be controllable in this way when Bixby goes live. Usefulness: Unknown 16. Bixby Home A second feature, confusingly also called Bixby, is a nearly perfect copycat of Google Now: A scrolling list of “cards” that present information you might find useful right now, based on the time and your location: weather, appointments, headlines. Why is it necessary for a phone to have two copies of the same thing? Bixby Home is a fairly pointless duplicate of Google Now.More That’s always been a downside of Samsung’s phones, which already come with two photo apps, two web browsers, and so on. Why bother duplicating Google’s good work? Usefulness: D 17. Bixby Vision Yes, there’s a third feature called Bixby. This one is built into the Camera app. You can point the phone at a landmark and see details about it, supplied by Foursquare; at a product to get shopping information, supplied by Amazon (AMZN); at any image to be shown similar ones, from Pinterest; at a wine-bottle label for ratings and details, from Vivino; or at foreign-language writing for a translation, supplied by Google Translate. The best feature of the long-dead Amazon Fire phone lives on.More Last week, Google announced that the same feature is coming to Android. So once again, you’ll have two identical versions of the same feature. Usefuness: B 18. Samsung Health This new, surprisingly complete app automatically tracks your steps, workouts, and (if you have a Samsung smartwatch that you wear at night) sleep; it also offers places to manually record your weight, food, blood glucose, water, caffeine, and so on. In a novel twist, the app also lets you have an instant video conference with an actual, board-certified doctor for $60 (courtesy of American Well), which your insurance may or may not cover—great for getting immediate help or refilling a prescription. Usefulness: A–, if you’re into that sort of thing 19. Dex Station For $150, you can buy a special dock that lets you connect your phone to a big monitor, mouse, and keyboard. Your phone becomes the CPU of a PC! The long-dead Motorola Atrix lives on in the Dex.More Unfortunately, many apps don’t work right on the big screen, and there’s the whole question of, “Why?” Usefulness: C Older Features Many of Galaxy’s features aren’t new in the S8, but are still unmatched by the iPhone. A few examples: 20. Cool gestures The Galaxy phone is the shortcut lover’s idea of heaven. You can turn on all kinds of super cool gesture-based shortcuts, like these: Swipe the fingerprint reader to open Notifications Smart Stay (the screen stays on as long as you’re looking at it) Press the Power button twice to fire up the camera Wipe the edge of your hand across the screen to take a screenshot (which you can then annotate or crop) Direct Call (hold the phone to ear to auto-dial the person whose card is on screen) Smart Alert (when you pick up the phone, it vibrates if notifications are waiting) Easy Mute (silence the ringer by placing the phone face down—in a meeting, say) Send an SOS to designated contacts (press the Power button three times) Answer a call by pressing the Volume Up key During video playback, drag up/down for volume adjustments, left/right for brightness. Double-tap to pause. These gestures erase a lot of the fussiness of trying to get things done on a tiny, no-mouse device. Usefulness: A+ 21. Quicker charging The S8’s quick-charging technology (unchanged since last year’s model) gives you a full charge in about 1.5 hours, as long as the screen isn’t on. That’s about half the time of an iPhone 7 Plus. Usefulness: A+ 22. “Wireless” pad charger You can charge your S8 by setting it onto a Qi charging pad (under $15). It takes twice as long to charge that way, but saves you the plugging and unplugging of a cable. Grab and go. Rumor has it that the iPhone 8 will offer “wireless” charging, too.More Usefulness: A 23. Samsung Pay Loop Pay was a phone dongle that could trick a credit-card reader into thinking that you’d actually swiped a card through it. In 2015, Samsung bought Loop and built its technology into its Galaxy phones. (Here’s my review.) It’s hard to believe. You wave the phone near the card-reader slot, up to a couple of inches away, and — beep! — you’ve just paid. This is nothing like Apple Pay and Android Pay, which work only at checkout terminals that have been upgraded to work with them. In the big picture, there just aren’t very many places to use Apple Pay and Android Pay. But Samsung Pay works almost everywhere that fine credit cards are swiped—90% of all checkout counters. Usefulness: A 24. Always-on screen The phone’s screen never goes fully dark. When it’s “asleep,” you still see the current time, battery charge, and notification summaries. The S8’s screen is almost never fully dark.More “Won’t that eat the battery up?” Yes, a few percent; you can turn the feature off if you like. But it’s kind of handy, especially if you use your phone as a watch. Usefulness: A 25. Smart Unlock This is an Android feature, not a Samsung feature, but it’s cool: You can set things up so that as long as the phone is in a certain place (like your home), within range of a certain Bluetooth device (like your Fitbit [FIT]), or on your person (based on your body motion), it won’t keep locking. You won’t need a password, fingerprint, or whatever to unlock it. Obviously, you won’t turn this on if you work at, you know, the NSA. But when you’re alone at home, why shouldn’t you enjoy a little convenience? Usefulness: A 26. Headphone jack Yep. Samsung managed to create a waterproof phone without sacrificing the headphone jack. So much for Apple’s “courage.” Usefulness: A 27. Expansion slot You can outfit your S8 with a tiny micro SD card for additional storage—lucky, since there’s only one S8 model (with 64 gigs of memory). The memory-card thing isn’t quite as good as built-in storage, because the phone treats it as an external drive, and it’s up to you to manage which data and apps get stored in which place, and some apps can’t be on the card. But for photo and video storage—awesome. Usefulness: A– The counterpunch Of course, the iPhone has a long list of its own exclusives, like stereo speakers, a pressure-sensitive screen (press harder for more options), an optical zoom on the camera (on the Plus), built-in storage options up to 256 gigabytes, and twice the storage (128 gb) for the same price. Above all, there’s the software—iOS 10—and the Apple ecosystem. Apple’s gotten more feature-happy of late, but it’s still the world leader in simplicity and coherence. You would never catch Apple bloating up your screens with duplicate apps and junkware. Apple’s apps are far more consistent in design and operation. You’ve got the Apple Stores to visit for on-the-spot fixes and help. You’ve got the glorious flexibility of sending iMessages instead of short, limited texts. And then there’s the tight integration between Macs and iPhones. You know: Copy some text on your phone, paste it one second later on your laptop. Read a web article on the subway on your phone, sit down at your Mac at home to see the same site. That kind of thing. In a way, then, all of these comparison articles (including this one) are missing a key point. They’re interesting for monitoring the state of the art, but they shouldn’t be called, “Which one should you buy?” Moving from the Apple ecosystem to the Google/Samsung ecosystem, or vice versa is a big, expensive hassle that not many people undertake. You have to re-buy all your apps. You have to buy all new chargers. You have to do a lot of relearning. But clearly, the Galaxy S8’s hardware is a beast. A huge leap beyond the iPhone 7. So the ultimate experience would be the hardware features of the Galaxy S8, running the software and ecosystem of the iPhone. Well, who knows? If the rumors are right, we’ll be getting something like that in the iPhone 8. More from David Pogue: Inside the World’s Greatest Scavenger Hunt: Part 1    •  Part 2   •   Part 3  •  Part 4  •  Part 5 The most important announcements from Google’s big developer’s conference Google Home’s mastermind has no intention of losing to Amazon Now I get it: Ransomware Google exec explains how Google Assistant just got smarter Amazon’s Alexa calling is like a Jetsons version of the home phone David Pogue, tech columnist for Yahoo Finance, welcomes nontoxic comments in the comments section below. On the web, he’s davidpogue.com. On Twitter, he’s @pogue. On email, he’s poguester@yahoo.com. You can read all his articles here, or you can sign up to get his columns by email.  #pogue #david-pogue #tech #$aapl #$vz #$amzn #$tmus #$t #$nflx #$googl #$goog #$fit #$s #$snap Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Now I get it: Ransomware Yahoo Tech Google Home's mastermind has no intention of losing to Amazon Yahoo Tech Amazon's Alexa Calling is like a Jetsons version of the home phone Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech Utah law that could send online bullies to jail criticized Associated Press How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech This RoboCop car comes with an intruder-chasing drone as a sidekick Yahoo Tech Uber inadvertently underpaid New York City drivers for over two years Yahoo Tech New iPhone 8 pictures mean our worst nightmare might be happening BGR News Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Pinterest now uses AI to figure out what you're eating in photos Yahoo Tech 'Prey' review: You'll never be more afraid of a coffee cup Yahoo Tech iPhone 'saves life' of Manchester bomb victim by stopping flying shrapnel International Business Times No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech U.S. top court tightens patent suit rules in blow to 'patent trolls' Yahoo Tech How Google's trying to make the mobile web look less ugly Yahoo Tech This $300 Surface Pro clone might be better than the real thing BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Finance How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Tech
Skip to main content The Straits Times Asia Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia East Asia SE Asia South Asia Australia/NZ World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper AlphaGo defeats world No. 1 again A board shows Tuesday's match between Chinese Go master Ke Jie and AlphaGo, during the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, China. AlphaGo's triumph in China offers a marketing boost for Google.PHOTO: EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY Published10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4uLP Copy Google's AI program played 'like the God of Go', says Chinese master after losing match SHANGHAI • Google's artificial intelligence (AI) program AlphaGo has beaten Chinese Go master Ke Jie for a second time, taking an unassailable 2-0 lead in a best- of-three series meant to test the limits of computers in taking on humans at complex tasks. Go is a highly complex board game dating back thousands of years that involves two contestants placing black and white stones on a grid. It is popular in Asian countries and most top-ranked players hail from China, Japan and South Korea. Mr Ke, the 19-year-old world No. 1, was visibly frustrated, tugging his hair and laying his head on the table during the final moments of the match yesterday. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up "Last year, I think the way AlphaGo played was pretty close to human beings, but today I think he plays like the God of Go," Mr Ke said after the game. Following his defeat in the first match of the series on Tuesday, Mr Ke said he would not compete against AI again due to its rapid improvement. The victory over the world's top player - which many thought would take decades to achieve - comes after the AI program from Google's DeepMind unit bested a South Korean Go professional in a similar exhibition match last year. This week's event, held in the eastern river town of Wuzhen and attended by local officials and Google parent Alphabet's top brass, is a feather in the cap for the American search giant as it woos Beijing for better market access. Since AlphaGo's defeat of Mr Lee Se Dol just over a year ago, AI has shot up the agenda for China's top policymakers, making its first appearance this year in Premier Li Keqiang's annual work report, a document laying out China's top policy priorities. For Google, AlphaGo's triumph in China also offers a marketing boost in a country where its main services have long been blocked, and local rivals to its search engine, e-mail and video sites have thrived since it largely exited China in 2010. Mr Ke, who has some 3.5 million followers on Twitter-like service Weibo, shared details of the Google event and his trip to Wuzhen, which is also the seat of the country's top annual government Internet conference. "Ke Jie pushed AlphaGo right to the limit," tweeted DeepMind founder Demis Hassabis following the match. Twitter is blocked in China. Much to the chagrin of Chinese netizens, there is a a government ban on live coverage of the game, though Mandarin and English live streams of the match were broadcast on YouTube, which is also blocked in China. The match was, however, widely reported via local news outlets and social media. REUTERS, AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on May 26, 2017, with the headline 'AlphaGo defeats world No. 1 again'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  CHINA GOOGLE CHESS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4uLP Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content shangri-la_a126103_2017may22_300x200_native.jpg Rediscover the new Tower Wing at Shangri-La Hotel, Singapore lg_a125972_2017may15_300x200_td.jpg 5 reasons why the LG Signature OLED TV W is a game-changer Merck_A125676_20170501_300x200 Women are at higher risk for anaemia ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Boxing WWE Formula 1 Cricket Lions 2017 Rugby League Other Sports UFC Golf Tennis Athletics NFLExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home Technology Google Technology Chilling manual on how to make a bomb found in Google search as tech giants vow to crack down on spread of extremist materials A Google search brought the document - which outlines how to construct explosives with detonators as well as the use of toxic chemicals - to the top of its results page  Share ByMartin Bagot 20:53, 25 MAY 2017 Technology The chilling manual was found with a quick Google search (Photo: Getty)  Share Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Google has vowed to tackle the spread of extremist material online after the Mirror uncovered a detailed bomb making manual being promoted by the web giant. A Google search brought the document - which outlines how to construct explosives with detonators as well as the use of toxic chemicals - to the top of its results page. It comes after Google as well as Facebook and Amazon have been criticised for spreading extremist material with Britain under threat of imminent terrorist attack following the Manchester Arena bomb. The chilling manual translated in to English includes how to plant devices in buses and at bus stops as well as how to make booby trapped car bombs. Google has vowed to crackdown on the spread of extremist material (Photo: Getty) CCTV of Salman Abedi buying his backpack in the Arndale Centre in Manchester Tributes have been laid for the fallen (Photo: London News Pictures Ltd) It is introduced with the statement: “Peace and prayers to the Prophet Mohammad (Peace Be Upon Him), and peace in front of the Mujahideen, and the saved combatant tribe.” It praises the “innovative brothers who did very well in the jihad work” by detailing “suitable way to store explosives away from (their) homes... especially as we are approaching the summer and the temperature is getting high.” The original Arabic version document was intended for Palestinian militants to target the Israeli army and settlers. It is linked to the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigade - the military wing of Hamas. Facebook has also vowed to crackdown on extremist material (Photo: Getty) People are comforted by emergency services (Photo: London News Pictures Ltd) Armed police are now on trains (Photo: PA) Section 2 of the 2006 British Terrorism Act states the act of spreading “terrorist publications” is a crime. In recent days internet marketplace giant Amazon was found to be selling a bomb-making book. It reportedly featured “ten simple yet powerful formulas” for explosives, as well as details on how to build DIY bombs, booby traps and mines. Amazon declined to comment but insisted the book was legal. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Amazon Google Terrorism Manchester Arena explosion Technology all Most Read Most Recent Sponsored UKTV9 Reasons Go 8 Bit is funnier than watching your mate play FIFA Series 1 of the show, built around watching celebrities play video games, became essential viewing for those looking for a bit of a laugh iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X to mark its tenth anniversary - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years PokemonMagikarp Jump is the addictive new Pokémon mobile game that's sweeping the globe Here we 'go' again... SonyWhere to pre-order the new Sony Xperia XZ Premium - the cheapest deals from the likes of Carphone Warehouse, Vodafone and Three Pre-orders have officially opened for the new Sony Xperia XZ Premium. We round up the best deals from all the major retailers SonySony Xperia XZ Premium: Release date, price and specs of Sony's new flagship smartphone Sony's latest device has a 4K HDR display an advanced camera technology capable of recording an incredible 960fps Manchester Arena explosionFacebook refuses to remove sick joke about Manchester terror attack The social media giant claims the poor taste post, believed to be from a user in the US, 'does not contravene their standards' GoogleChilling manual on how to make a bomb found in Google search as tech giants vow to crack down on spread of extremist materials A Google search brought the document - which outlines how to construct explosives with detonators as well as the use of toxic chemicals - to the top of its results page PokemonMagikarp Jump is the addictive new Pokémon mobile game that's sweeping the globe Here we 'go' again... Video GamesXbox's Twitch rival is now called 'Mixer' - these are the features gamers should care about You know what's better than playing video games? Watching people play video games emojiTwitter adds support for 69 new emoji - but there's a very annoying catch Face vomiting, exploding head, breast-feeding, hedgehog, t-rex, pretzel, fortune cookie and flying saucer are all included in the update Most Read Most Recent Manchester Arena explosionFears over 'second bomb' after police uncover huge explosives stash in Salman Abedi raid days after Manchester attack Anti-terror officers have reportedly discovered the nail bomber's 'working bomb factory,' with a stash of chemicals and components that could be used to make another device Manchester Arena explosionManchester bomber's mum walked out of son's wedding as 'Western music was being played' Samia Tabal, a nuclear engineering graduate, who was top of her class at Tripoli University, was unhappy living in Britain and complained about ‘the west’ Piers MorganPiers Morgan slams Ariana Grande for not visiting injured fans after Manchester concert bomb The GMB presenter believes the traumatised popstar should have stayed in the UK and met with the families of the dead and injured Manchester United transfer newsManchester United transfer news and rumours: Red Devils earmark four stars in £300m summer spree? PLUS: Wayne Rooney set for a big money move while the Red Devils are ready to meet Antoine Griezmann's release clause Manchester Arena explosionFirefighter pens emotional letter detailing 'guilt, shame and anger' after being STOPPED from helping Manchester bombing victims Firefighters were only allowed to deploy 90 minutes after the attack - despite sitting in a station less than a mile from the scene StalkingCome Dine With Me winner who stalked and abused her boyfriend's ex in 'wicked' year-long campaign avoids jail Mum-of-three Lucy Haughey sent social worker Sharon Low a text message which said 'I know your secrets, all of them, leave us alone or it’s all out there' The Premier InnPremier Inn pays more than £100,000 to family of tourist who died after being scalded by hot shower Kalyani Uthaman, 59, was visiting from India when she suffered severe burns in a shower Steven GerrardLiverpool legend Steven Gerrard admits regret at not playing with Roberto Firmino for a couple of years The famous No.8 says the Brazilian was a pleasure to play with in the friendly vs Sydney FC InstagramThe Instagram effect - The secrets to making a mint out of your home this Bank Holiday in just minutes Brits are willing to fork out up to £150 extra for unique "Instagrammable" home lets over the long weekend - so if you want to be quids in, you'll have to pay close attention Prostate cancerOur man Robbie Savage backs Prostate Cancer UK with Freddie Flintoff - but can you beat his #KeepieUppieChallenge score? We have tasked the nation to get involved in our #KeepieUppieChallenge - so can you help us in the fight against prostate cancer? Top Stories Death rowDeath Row 'Houdini' finally executed after dodging lethal injection 7 times - just minutes before midnight reprieve Tommy Arthur, 75, has used "every trick in the book" to evade the lethal injection in Alabama in the past 25 years Manchester Arena explosionEx-Man Utd hero praises young man who spent night of bombing trying to reunite victims with families Jordan Stevenson, 23, instantly rushed out to help after the news of the terrorist attack that killed 22 broke on Monday night Prostate cancerRobbie Savage backs Prostate Cancer UK with Freddie Flintoff - but can you beat his #KeepieUppieChallenge score? We have tasked the nation to get involved in our #KeepieUppieChallenge - so can you help us in the fight against prostate cancer? Cardiff CouncilDecomposed body of mum-of-four, 33, found in her flat months after she had died The body of Mattisse Cornelius was found lying on the floor at the block of flats in Cardiff in March but it is unclear when she died The Premier InnPremier Inn pays more than £100,000 to family of tourist who died after being scalded by hot shower Kalyani Uthaman, 59, was visiting from India when she suffered severe burns in a shower BabiesTragic baby who died of suspected heatstroke 'after being left in car for several hours' identified The seven-month-old has been named locally after passing away on the hottest day of the year in Tipperary, Ireland Theresa MayTheresa May to urge world leaders to pile pressure on Facebook and social media firms to get tough on terror The Prime Minister will tell the annual G7 summit that the war with ISIS “is moving from the battlefield to the internet" Manchester Arena explosionSister of Manchester suicide bomber posts prayer about 'entering Paradise' days after evil brother slaughters 22 innocents Jomana Abedi, 18, described Salman - who slaughtered 22 innocents and injured 119 more in the Manchester Arena terror attack - as 'kind' and 'loving' before the Facebook post Manchester Arena explosionFears over 'second bomb' after police uncover huge explosives stash in Salman Abedi raid days after Manchester attack Anti-terror officers have reportedly discovered the nail bomber's 'working bomb factory,' with a stash of chemicals and components that could be used to make another device EducationSchools face cuts of £170 per pupil if Theresa May wins the election A new study shows funding per pupil will fall by nearly 3% under the Conservatives NHSA&E waits of over 12 hours have soared 6,831% since the Tories took power The British Medical Association said the total in 2016/17 was 2,604 against 38 in 2010/11 CrimeGreedy stepson hired hitman to kill stepdad because he feared he'd be cut out of his will Flash Day hired knifeman Ryan Hynes, who left pensioner John Sales in a coma for six weeks following the brutal attack Sponsored UKTV9 Reasons Go 8 Bit is funnier than watching your mate play FIFA Series 1 of the show, built around watching celebrities play video games, became essential viewing for those looking for a bit of a laugh iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X to mark its tenth anniversary - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years PokemonMagikarp Jump is the addictive new Pokémon mobile game that's sweeping the globe Here we 'go' again... SonyWhere to pre-order the new Sony Xperia XZ Premium - the cheapest deals from the likes of Carphone Warehouse, Vodafone and Three Pre-orders have officially opened for the new Sony Xperia XZ Premium. We round up the best deals from all the major retailers SonySony Xperia XZ Premium: Release date, price and specs of Sony's new flagship smartphone Sony's latest device has a 4K HDR display an advanced camera technology capable of recording an incredible 960fps TechnologyNew Ad-Free subscription service launched for Mirror readers Readers will be able to browse the site without pre-roll video ads, banner ads, pre-article surveys, large format ads or pop-ups for just £2.99 a month E3When is E3 2017? How to follow the biggest video game show of the year and what to expect Several big announcements are expected at this year's video game extravaganza WhatsAppSimple WhatsApp trick will change the font in your messages - here's how to do it There's an easy way to make your WhatsApp messages look different - thanks to a quiet update from the Facebook-owned app Mobile phonesThe best cheap Android mobile phones for 2017 and where to buy them for less We round up the best deals on phones including the Samsung Galaxy, Moto G4 and Sony Xperia XZ, plus five handy tips on how to pay less for your contract CybersecurityKodi users at risk of being HACKED due to viruses hidden in subtitles, experts warn Security researchers believe up to 200 MILLION video streaming users could be at risk from a little-known flaw SoldiersNaked photos of female US marines shared on secret Facebook group prompts NCIS investigation The US Marine Corps is investigating a secret Facebook group being used to circulate naked pictures of active female officers SonyPlayStation 5: Release date, price, specs and news about Sony's next video game console The PlayStation Pro was a stepping stone to Sony's next console - here's what the rumours are saying about it e-cigarettesVaporiser dubbed the 'iPhone of e-cigs' arrives in the UK - with a suitably premium price tag Created by an ex-Apple design manager, the Firefly 2 portable vaporiser has been likened to the famous smartphone FacebookHow to find out if someone's been 'stalking' you on Facebook Maybe it's time to exercise a little restraint emojiTwitter adds support for 69 new emoji - but there's a very annoying catch Face vomiting, exploding head, breast-feeding, hedgehog, t-rex, pretzel, fortune cookie and flying saucer are all included in the update OnePlusOnePlus 5: UK release date, price, news and more rumours of the affordable iPhone rival OnePlus is on the verge of bringing out a new smartphone to challenge Apple and Samsung NokiaNokia 3310 goes on sale in the UK - here's how to get your hands on the retro phone The Nokia 3310 is available now from Vodafone and Carphone Warehouse Tech dealsThe best festival phones for summer 2017, including pay as you go mobiles for £1.99 and the new Nokia 3310 Whether you want a trusty brick for less than a fiver, or go all out with the new Nokia 3310, here's the best of the best pay as you go phones for festival season SnapChatThis simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender If you want to screenshot a Snapchat message without the sender knowing, all you need is this simple trick iPhone 7How waterproof is the iPhone 7? We put Apple's new smartphone to the test Apple's new iPhone 7 goes on sale- so how waterproof is it really? News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Big Step Snapchat rolls out self-serve platform for its vertical video ads Fool Us Thrice Everything Facebook has admitted about its measurement errors Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home CMO Zone Get the most important digital marketing news each day. Marketing Day: Facebook news, AMP ads & CRO tools coming to AdWords Amy Gesenhues on May 25, 2017 at 4:00 pm More Here’s our recap of what happened in online marketing today, as reported on Marketing Land and other places across the web. From Marketing Land: Crafting a successful holistic search approach May 25, 2017 by David Freeman Columnist David Freeman believes that integrating paid and organic search into a single holistic search strategy can increase efficiency and help marketers make smarter, more data-driven decisions. The consumer decision journey in the increasingly complex search retail marketplace May 25, 2017 by Christi Olson As e-commerce continues to grow, retail marketers will need to invest in digital marketing. Columnist Christi Olson makes the case that search can strengthen your online retail strategy at every stage of the buyer journey. Facebook rolls out software tool to make AMP, Apple News pages more like Instant Articles May 25, 2017 by Tim Peterson Facebook’s tool will automatically convert Instant Articles to Google’s AMP and Apple’s Apple News formats. Taboola’s grid of recommended stories is now an infinite, scrolling feed May 25, 2017 by Barry Levine By adopting a card-based feed of content, ads and video, Taboola is looking to revolutionize its real estate and increase flexibility for publishers. The connected channels: All media channels must have defined budgets, priority and cohesive reporting May 25, 2017 by Thomas Stern In the final installment of his multipart series on the connected marketing approach, contributor Thomas Stern discusses the elements you need to develop a seamless marketing strategy across all channels and their audiences. How to make ads less adversarial May 25, 2017 by Brad O’Brien Trust in digital advertising is improving, but there is still work to be done to improve the perception of pervasive ads. Columnist Brad O’Brien offers tips on how to maintain a positive relationship between your ads and your audiences. AMP ads: Google will convert display ads to AMP, test AMP landing pages for Search ads May 25, 2017 by Ginny Marvin Google says AMP ads can load up to 5 seconds faster than standard display ads. Conversion rate optimization tools coming to AdWords with new integrations May 25, 2017 by Ginny Marvin Advertisers will be able to run landing page test with Google Optimize and get feedback from retargeting audiences with Google Surveys 360. Facebook and Google have dominated smartphone screens for the past three years May 25, 2017 by Greg Sterling Facebook has three and Google has six of the top 15 apps, says comScore. Compare 6 top content management systems May 24, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot Selecting the right CMS is a critical part of creating your business website. From basic capabilities for adding and editing content to more robust role and workflow management to support your internal processes, understanding and selecting a CMS that works for your end user and your organization is an imperative part of your digital strategy. Online Marketing News From Around The Web: Analytics 5 Metrics to Track That Affect Customer Satisfaction, Small Biz Trends Social Media Metrics How to Chose What Works, Social Media Explorer Business Issues Facebook Just Announced Two Key Hires for Its Global Marketing Solutions Team, Adweek Content Marketing 3 Steps to Manage Your Content Library Like a Librarian, Content Marketing Institute Delivering data-driven content marketing for the travel industry, Econsultancy How to Inspire Your B2B Audience with Killer Content Marketing, Top Rank Marketing Blog How to Save 4 Hours on Every Piece of Content You Create, Contently The Importance of Using Testimonials, CopyPressed Why Design Still Trumps Content in Marketing, Search Engine Journal Conversion Optimization How to Create, Track and Rank CRO Hypotheses So You Know What to Test, Crazy Egg Copywriting, Design & Usability 5 Facebook Ad Copy Tips That Go Beyond the Better Headline, The AdStage Blog How to Avoid Writing Boring Outlines using the IKEA Method, Problogger How to Optimize a Small Website: On-Page & Mobile Factors, Search Engine Journal Just Keep Scrolling! How To Design Lengthy, Lengthy Pages, Smashing Magazine Web Content Management Comes of Age, CMS Wire Display & Contextual Advertising Smart Display Campaigns Are Worth A Test, Clix Marketing PPC Blog Domaining A great resource for new top level domain name data, Domain Name Wire Valuable Names are Tough to Sell, Domain Investing E-Commerce 5 Top Trends Shaping the Future of Retail Logistics, Multichannel Merchant 9 Tips to Build the Best Product Images, Practical Ecommerce Amazon Secret Shopper: Examining the Mindset & Buying Decisions of Actual Customers (Freezer Bins), Marketing Words Blog Ecommerce Success Hinges on the Entire Digital Experience, CMS Wire Want to Be Like Amazon?, Duct Tape Marketing Email Marketing Get Ready for Email Marketing and AI: 3 Things to Consider, MarketingProfs Guide to email list management, VerticalResponse The Value of Auto Responders, MarTech Advisor General Internet Marketing 4 Things You Need to Know About the Future of Marketing, Think with Google How to Write an Exceptional Creative Brief, Convince and Convert Is An “Influencer Marketing Bubble” Imminent?, MediaKix Training The New Generation Of Digital Marketers, PPC Hero Internet Marketing Industry Accel Leads $30M Series B into G2 Crowd to Accelerate Growth of Market Leading B2B Review Platform, G2 Crowd Demandbase Raises $65 Million in New Financing, Demandbase Food & Beverage Ads Dominate Q1 2017 In-Feed Video Report, Positive Mobile MarTech Are Headline Analyzers Worth Your Time?, Portent What’s the difference between AI-powered personalisation and more basic segmentation?, Econsultancy Will Voice Assistant Technology Improve the Retailer-Consumer Relationship?, MarTech Advisor Mobile/Local Marketing 6 months in: Which mobile formats are living up to 2017 predictions?, Digiday AMP Roadmap Update for Q2, Accelerated Mobile Pages Project IFTTT now lets any developer build and publish applets for others to use, VentureBeat Social Media 3 Ways Your Small Business Can Increase Social Media Engagement, Small Biz Trends 5 Actionable Steps to Earn New Followers, the Creative Way!, Social Media Explorer Cool social media data, Cornwall SEO Five Crucial Tips for a Successful Boost Post on Facebook, KoMarketing Geography and the Problem with Facebook Ads Optimization, Jon Loomer Digital Have you Unlocked the Real Power of Social Media?, MarTech Advisor How To Utilize Facebook Remarketing Ads To Drive B2B Leads, KoMarketing Instagram Search & Explore: A Complete Guide, The Buffer Blog Instagram Tests Direct Response Ads, App Installs in Stories, AdAge Snapchat is wooing ad buyers with discount coupons and bonuses, Digiday Social Media Brand Behaviors and Actions Consumers Want, MarketingProfs The 4 Social Media Influencer Secrets Marketers Must Know, MediaKix The Rules of Social Media Marketing Success: Leadership and Community, CMS Wire True or False: Posting More on Facebook Means Higher Engagement, Socialbakers Twitter Media Library Aimed At Tempting Social Media Managers, Small Biz Trends Using Social Media to Promote Your Service Business: 5 Dos and Don’ts, Adweek What to Pin to Pinterest in June, Tailwind Blog What’s new with Google+ Hey there Plussers!, Google Video Facebook signs BuzzFeed, Vox, others for original video shows, Reuters This isn’t the VR we’ve been dreaming of — and that’s a good thing, VentureBeat About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Marketing Land and Search Engine Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Popular Stories Google launches free Google Attribution, hopes to kick last-click attribution to the curb Conversion rate optimization tools coming to AdWords with new integrations Facebook rolls out software tool to make AMP, Apple News pages more like Instant Articles Related Topics Channel: CMO ZoneMarketing Day Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Bots in SERPs Bing launches bots for local businesses (restaurants only) Trending story Study: Yelp drives higher conversions than Google and Facebook Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. New Quality Score metrics: What matters most, and how to improve your ads Looking for ways to gain an advantage in paid search? Columnist Kevin Lee has some ideas to increase Quality Score metrics and surpass your competitors. Kevin Lee on May 25, 2017 at 10:05 am More As you are no doubt aware, Google recently added additional reporting and transparency to the Quality Score (QS) metric that’s all-important in terms of calculating Ad Rank. (If you’ve never watched the updated Ad Rank explanation video by Hal Varian, Google’s chief economist, I recommend you take a look.) Determining the relative importance of Quality Score components Google has provided advertisers with data on Quality Score for some time; what’s new here is historical trend data visibility into three key QS components: expected click-through rate, ad relevance and landing page experience. While being able to inspect these new, granular metrics is great, it’s important to realize that all we’re gaining is an estimated importance of each of these QS components. And just as in cooking or baking, the mere fact that you’ve got some ingredients on hand, plus a vague idea of how much of each ingredient to use, doesn’t predict (or result in) the best possible outcome. Think about these factors and scores as indicating the quality of each ingredient in a given dish (for example, meatloaf). While great ingredients are necessary for a great outcome, knowing the quality of each ingredient alone isn’t sufficient. To create a world-class meatloaf, we also need an understanding of their relative importance. Unfortunately, Google’s latest tweak doesn’t tell us anything about this. But while we don’t know for certain the rank order of the quality factors that have the highest impact on the final Quality Score, we do have a pretty good (anecdotally derived) idea that predicted CTR is the most important one (the others count as well, but likely less so). Expected CTR is likely to remain the most important for many reasons, not the least of which is that it makes Google the most money per search for them to calculate QS based heavily on that data. It’s important to remember that — as Varian indicates — it’s in Google’s best interest to incentivize marketers to do things that improve their ads’ relevance (or CTR) while also making the post-click user experience better. (Admit it, there’s still a lot of room for improvement out there — and not just on your site!) We also have to remember that higher CTRs and relevance make Google (and Bing, too) more money in the long run, so these incentives are completely aligned. TIP: If you’ve seen a historical jump in cost per click (CPC) required to maintain historical position, being able to inspect the historical Quality Score is a great way to determine whether the surge in CPC was based on a QS fluctuation on your end, or if it’s due to increased auction pressure in the AdWords marketplace. Improving Quality Score and other key metrics Google continues to make it clear that we should pay attention to improving Quality Score. One of the great things about obtaining Quality Score improvements is that these provide you with an edge in paid search. This edge is key — not just to achieving the high positions for the searches that can drive substantial profitable volume for you, but also because if you don’t have it, your competition does (which means they’ll kick your butt). But improving your Quality Score isn’t the only way to ensure your ability to remain in top positions profitably. Improvement in other areas can make a huge difference in your long-term success. My favorites are (starting from the things you can do at the AdWords side of things): Reorganize your accounts. Having poorly structured campaigns and ad groups will depress your Quality Score. This is a change you can make at the AdWords side of the equation. Fix lousy ad copy or creative. When ad copy resonates against the keywords in an ad group, your CTR goes up (and CTR is the biggest component of QS). Improve targeting. This includes anything from using the right negative keywords to eliminating poorly targeted ad impressions to using audiences and dayparting to be there in the SERP when your most targeted customers are itching to click. Improve conversion rate. Whether you’re an e-commerce or multichannel merchant business, B-to-B, lead gen or services business, anything you can do to get a greater percentage of site visitors to take actions you value is a leverage point. If more of your clicks convert, your allowable bid goes up. Strive for mobile-friendliness. This factor is related to improving conversion rate. Remember, the mobile site visitor is increasingly important to Google, and so Google is grading you on mobile-friendliness. (TIP: While using the Google Search Console can identify the more glaring problems, also make sure you walk around the office, grab a bunch of devices and test your site yourself.) Increase average shopping cart size (for retail). This includes getting high gross profit customers to call in and get upsold by reps. Increase social media engagement of clicks that come in through search. Social can have a multiplier effect on marketing. Improve your own response rate or fulfillment rate. Customers like speed. That’s why Amazon Prime rocks. But speed in follow-up is also important in any service business. Don’t forget that all of the above strategies will help your overall business, not just your performance in search. They will eliminate friction, make your other media more effective and deliver conversions at higher values, thus delivering a win to your company’s top and bottom line. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Kevin Lee Kevin Lee is Co-Founder and Executive Chairman of Didit, a leading digital marketing and technology firm. With 21 years of digital marketing experience, 4 books, 500+ speaking engagements, and 780+ published columns, Kevin Lee, is a true Digital Marketing pioneer. Kevin gives back to the industry regularly and was a founding SEMPO Board Member, its first elected Chairman and longest serving original board member. Kevin is also an inventor of several platforms and technologies. Kevin’s recent inventions include a nonprofit ad exchange for PSAs, GivingForward.com and Sweeps4aCause.com conversion catalysts for email and social activation as well as brand lift. He also is launching a new hyper-local SEO platform under Didit. Popular Stories Google warns against misusing links in syndication & large-scale article campaigns How to compare paid search and organic search without sounding foolish New Quality Score metrics: What matters most, and how to improve your ads Micro-wins: The true secret to AdWords success Related Topics Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsPaid Search ColumnSearch AdsSearch Ads: GeneralSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Bots in SERPs Bing launches bots for local businesses (restaurants only) Trending story Study: Yelp drives higher conversions than Google and Facebook Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. How to compare paid search and organic search without sounding foolish Which search channel is better: paid or organic? Columnist Andy Taylor argues that there is no simple answer to this question, despite what some practitioners may want to believe. Andy Taylor on May 25, 2017 at 11:16 am More Last week, I had the misfortune of encountering perhaps the most misguided thread on digital marketing I’ve ever seen on Twitter (which is saying something), in which an SEO declared unequivocally that “organic search traffic beats paid traffic for every single metric.” To me, these statements seemed outrageous and even inflammatory. But much to my surprise, many SEOs caught onto this thread and were all about it. Et tu, Rand? Realistically, I’m not sure what data can truly back up these far-reaching statements declaring dominance of organic search performance over paid search in every metric. And Rand’s caveat fails to address the real problem of this thread, which is its narrow-minded, one-versus-the-other premise. In reality, some searchers will click on ads. Others will click on organic links. Marketers should be trying to capture both. Let’s talk about the current landscape and dive into how there are better, more nuanced ways to look at performance comparisons between paid search and SEO — without all the bluster. Paid search growth has long outpaced organic growth It’s no secret to paid search and SEO managers that Google has steadily made updates over the past couple of years that have directly harmed organic traffic, including the addition of a fourth text ad above organic links on desktop, the addition of a third (and then fourth) text ad above organic links on phones, doubling the size of Product Listing Ads on phones, moving the Local Pack to the top of search results, and more. As a result, overall organic traffic has declined Y/Y for the past several quarters, as shown in this chart from the quarterly Merkle Digital Marketing Report (registration required). You don’t have to take our word for it — take a look at Google’s Q1 2017 earnings report, which showed a 53 percent increase in paid clicks on Google properties Y/Y. Even though that includes other channels, the vast majority is search, and if you think that isn’t coming at the expense of organic — well, you’d be wrong. I don’t say this because I’m a paid search hack trying to butter up PPC. Our agency manages SEO as well — and does a fantastic job of it. I even lauded the strong organic growth we were seeing a couple of years ago in a presentation at SMX Advanced about Google’s declining paid search click growth at the time. If we were seeing big organic growth overall, I’d be screaming it from the rooftops and saying that every marketer needs to be throwing all their resources at organic. Unfortunately, that’s not the case — because again, Google has been steadily making changes that directly harm organic search and help to keep paid search click growth strong. So right off the bat, we have one metric that paid search has an advantage in. This is going to vary from brand to brand, but overall, this is the way things are moving for most marketers. But what about all those other metrics that are supposedly amazing for organic and terrible for paid search? Anyone who understands how to do such comparisons correctly would be careful to provide nuance and specificity in explaining how performance metrics should be analyzed. Unfortunately, Twitter is ill-suited for such details. Here are two tips for anyone looking to derive meaningful comparisons between paid search and SEO. 1. Segment query types and devices If most of your organic search traffic is coming from searches for your own brand name, but a smaller share of paid search traffic comes from branded queries, performance is going to vary. Shocking, I know. As such, you should be segmenting traffic and conversion performance by brand vs. non-brand, as well as doing category-level segmentations within those buckets. This was made harder by the rise of [not provided] obfuscating organic queries in analytics packages, but is still possible using tools such as Google Search Console. Similarly, organic and paid search might derive different shares of traffic from different device types for a given brand. Device types tend to perform differently in all sorts of metrics, from click-through rate to conversion rate to bounce rate. Thus, this would throw off any overall performance comparisons and require that metrics be broken down by device. In the case of analysis that declares some overall winner with zero nuance about how data was segmented, it’s almost guaranteed the individual didn’t bother making such segmentations. Declaring such overarching results apply to every brand in existence is just ridiculous. 2. Take advantage of both paid and organic, and measure incrementality But it’s not just about measuring how paid and organic search metrics compare on any given day. It’s also important to understand how they work together. Every marketer wants to rank organically for every keyword that they might consider bidding on in paid search, preferably in the top spot. But it’s simply not possible for every site to rank on the first page of organic listings for every single query that might drive value for them. Similarly, every brand would love to have an ad at the top of the page for every relevant query, but the economics of paid search are limiting. It’s not financially viable to bid to the top position for every term, and in many cases it’s not even feasible to bid to the first page of results given the expected return for a particular query. So we have a situation where brands would love to have both paid and organic listings (since users are inevitably going to click both types of listings), but in which it’s impossible to actually achieve perfect visibility in both. Understanding how these two types of visibility work together, then, is key. In the case of brand keywords, it’s certainly possible that a site might be able to pick up all of the paid search traffic it’s getting from brand ads through its organic listings. Of course, this is going to depend on factors such as if competitors are bidding on brand keywords and how many first page organic listings are occupied by the brand, but it’s possible. Still, we find that the vast majority of brand holdout tests show that organic links do not pick up all traffic that goes to brand ads, such that brand ads have some incremental value. There is no way to say that organic “outperforms” paid when it comes to talking about this incremental traffic — you’re either getting it through ads or you’re not getting it at all. Period. In the case of a non-brand query in which a site doesn’t even rank on the first page, pretty much all traffic coming from a paid search ad is incremental. Should you try to rank organically for that query? Absolutely, but it doesn’t mean you should forgo paid search just because you heard organic search is better in every metric. Conclusion: Get rid of search partisanship What I’m trying to get at here is that marketers should want to be “turned on” for as many different types of search visibility as possible, whether it be paid links, the local pack, the knowledge graph or plain old organic listings. Lauding one channel over another in sweeping statements is ridiculous and actually harms the discussion by completely ignoring important nuances. What’s worse, pitting one channel against another is incredibly detrimental to moving the conversation forward on how the two channels work together. Given the complicated relationship between paid and organic search that varies from query to query, such search partisanship is only good for those who specialize in one channel to make the case for their specialty. In that regard, I’m glad I work at an agency that manages both paid and organic search optimization, such that we can feel free to laud the benefits of both and talk about challenges and concerns in equal measure. We’re all about working across channels to squeeze every possible ounce of value out of search, whether it’s paid or organic, while single-minded folks clutch the pearls of the one channel they know how to manage. In short: Be open-minded, think critically, and understand the nuances of comparing paid and organic search. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Andy Taylor Andy Taylor is Associate Director of Research at Merkle, responsible for analyzing trends across the digital marketing spectrum for best practices and industry commentary. A primary contributor to the Merkle Blog, Dossier, and quarterly Digital Marketing Report, he speaks frequently at industry conferences and events. Prior to digital marketing, Andy worked as an event organizer for a political campaign and dabbled in freelance writing. A graduate of the University of Virginia with a degree in Economics, he likes to spend his free time watching documentaries and selling homemade ice cream sandwiches at farmer's markets with his wife. Popular Stories New study on featured snippets within Google reveals growth & optimization techniques Google confirms it’s rolling out new reviews format for hotels Spotted: AdWords reporting dashboards that can be scheduled & shared Crafting a successful holistic search approach Related Topics Channel: SEMPaid Search ColumnSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: GeneralSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers Digital Asset Management for Dummies See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Bots in SERPs Bing launches bots for local businesses (restaurants only) Trending story Study: Yelp drives higher conversions than Google and Facebook Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google warns against misusing links in syndication & large-scale article campaigns If the primary purpose of distributing content is to gain links, both authors and publishers risk a Google penalty. Danny Sullivan on May 25, 2017 at 1:24 pm More Google’s out today with a warning for anyone who is distributing or publishing content through syndication or other large-scale means: Watch your links. Google’s post reminds those who produce content published in multiple places that, without care, they could be violating Google’s rules against link schemes. No content marketing primarily for links, warns Google Google says that it is not against article distribution in general. But if such distribution is done primarily to gain links, then there’s a problem. From the post: Google does not discourage these types of articles in the cases when they inform users, educate another site’s audience or bring awareness to your cause or company. However, what does violate Google’s guidelines on link schemes is when the main intent is to build links in a large-scale way back to the author’s site … For websites creating articles made for links, Google takes action on this behavior because it’s bad for the Web as a whole. When link building comes first, the quality of the articles can suffer and create a bad experience for users. Those pushing such content want links because links — especially from reputable publishers — are one of the top ways that content can rank better on Google. Warning signs What are things that may tip Google into viewing a content distribution campaign as perhaps violating its guidelines? Again, from the post: Stuffing keyword-rich links to your site in your articles Having the articles published across many different sites; alternatively, having a large number of articles on a few large, different sites Using or hiring article writers that aren’t knowledgeable about the topics they’re writing on Using the same or similar content across these articles; alternatively, duplicating the full content of articles found on your own site Staying safe There are two safe ways for those distributing content to stay out of trouble: using nofollow on specific links or the canonical tag on the page itself. Nofollow prevents individual links from passing along ranking credit. Canonical effectively tells Google not to let any of the links on the page pass credit. Publishers can be at risk, too It’s important to note that Google’s warning isn’t just for those distributing content. Those publishing it can face issues with Google if they haven’t taken proper care. From Google’s post: When Google detects that a website is publishing articles that contain spammy links, this may change Google’s perception of the quality of the site and could affect its ranking. Sites accepting and publishing such articles should carefully vet them, asking questions like: Do I know this person? Does this person’s message fit with my site’s audience? Does the article contain useful content? If there are links of questionable intent in the article, has the author used rel=”nofollow” on them? In other words, publishing content unquestioningly, in terms of links, could expose the publisher’s site to being penalized in Google. Why this new warning? Today’s warning from Google is generally the same as what it issued back in July 2013, when it cautioned about links in large-scale guest posting, advertorials, sponsored content and press releases. However, it’s more specific in terms of syndication and comes because of an issue that Search Engine Land has been investigating over the past month. Search Engine Land has a policy of generally not writing about cases of spam or suspected spam that aren’t already public in a significant way. Our open letter from 2014 explains this more. In short, if we did this, that’s all we would ever be writing about. That said, we received a tip about several businesses using article syndication that seemed worth taking a closer look at, given that the tactics potentially violated Google’s guidelines in a significant manner. Moreover, Google had been notified of the issue at the end of last year, twice, but had not apparently taken any action. The company tipping us — a competitor with those businesses — was concerned. Was this tactic acceptable or not? The many examples I looked at certainly raised concerns. Articles were distributed across multiple news publications. The articles often contained several links that were “anchor rich,” meaning they appeared to have words within the links that someone hoped they might rank well for. Mechanisms for blocking these links from passing credit were not being used. Google’s initial response to our questions about this was that it was aware there were issues and that it was looking to see how it might improve things. That seemed a weak response to me. It was pretty clear from my conversations with two of the companies distributing the content, and one of the publishers, that there was, at the very least, confusion about what was acceptable and responsibilities all around. Confusion about what’s allowed Both the companies producing content professed that they felt they were doing nothing wrong. In particular, they never demanded that publishers carry any particular links, which seemed to them to put them on the right side of the guidelines. One also said that it was using canonical to block link credit but that the publishers themselves might be failing to implement that correctly. Both indicated that if they weren’t doing things correctly, they wanted to change to be in compliance. In short: it’s not us to blame, it’s those publishers. And from the content I looked at on publisher sites, it was pretty clear that none of them seemed to be doing any policing of links. That was reinforced after I talked with one publisher, which told me that while it did make use of nofollow, it was reviewing things to be more “aggressive” about it now. My impression was that if nofollow was supposed to be used, no one had really been paying attention to that — nor was I seeing it in use. In the end, I suggested to Google that the best way forward here might be for them to post fresh guidance on the topic. That way, Search Engine Land wasn’t being dragged into a potential spam reporting situation. More important, everyone across the web was getting an effective “reset” and reeducation on what’s allowed in this area. Getting your house in order Now that such a post has been done, companies distributing such content and publishers carrying it would be smart to follow the advice in it. When Google issues such advice, as it did about guest blogging in January 2014, that’s often followed by the search engine taking action against violators a few months later. From a distributor point of view, I’d recommend thinking strongly about how Google ended today’s blog post: If a link is a form of endorsement, and you’re the one creating most of the endorsements for your own site, is this putting forth the best impression of your site? Our best advice in relation to link building is to focus on improving your site’s content and everything–including links — will follow (no pun intended). Bottom line: Deep down, you know if you were putting out this content primarily to gain links. If that was the case, you should work with those publishers to implement nofollow or canonical. If you can’t, then you should consider disavowing links to Google. Going forward, I’d look to implement nofollow or canonical as Google recommends, if you find that the large-scale distribution is bringing you useful direct clicks and attention. I will say that no one should take this to mean that you can never distribute content or that content can’t have any links at all that pass credit back to an originating site. Indeed, we have plenty of contributed content here on Search Engine Land. I’d be among the first screaming at Google if I thought it was trying to tell us or anyone that you couldn’t have such content unless you blocked all links. Things that make us feel Google-safe are that, most of all, we publish original content from contributors. It’s not the same content that’s simply dumped into multiple publications. Also, we have editors who often spend a significant amount of time working with writers and content to ensure that it’s publication-worthy. And we do try to watch for links that we don’t feel are earned or necessary in a story. We’re not perfect. No publisher will be. But I think from a publisher perspective, the more you are actually interacting with the content you publish to review and approve it, rather than blindly posting from a feed, the safer you will be. If you haven’t been doing that, then consider making use of nofollow and canonical on already-published content, as Google recommended. As for those guest blogging requests I’ll conclude with this part of Google’s post today: Webmasters generally prefer not to receive aggressive or repeated “Post my article!” requests, and we encourage such cases to be reported to our spam report form. Indeed. It’s amazing how many requests that we’re getting like this each day, and I know were not alone. It’s even more amazing when this type of guest blogging was supposed to be over. “Stick A Fork In It, Guest Blogging Is Done,” declared Matt Cutts in January 2014. Cutts, no longer at Google, was then the head of its web spam fighting team. His declaration was a shot heard around the web. Guest blogging almost became radioactive. No one seemed to want to touch it, much less send out idiotic bulk emails requesting a post. Those requests are back in force. It’s a pity that so many come from Google’s own Gmail system, where all Google’s vaunted machine learning doesn’t catch them as the spam they are. If you’ve been making such requests or accepting guest blog posts because of them, even in small scale, Google’s rules about policing links still apply. About The Author Danny Sullivan Danny Sullivan is a Founding Editor of Search Engine Land. He’s a widely cited authority on search engines and search marketing issues who has covered the space since 1996. Danny also serves as Chief Content Officer for Third Door Media, which publishes Search Engine Land and produces the SMX: Search Marketing Expo conference series. He has a site & blog (and keeps his disclosures page there). He can be found on Facebook and Twitter. Popular Stories Google warns against misusing links in syndication & large-scale article campaigns How to compare paid search and organic search without sounding foolish New Quality Score metrics: What matters most, and how to improve your ads Micro-wins: The true secret to AdWords success Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: SEOGoogle: Web SearchSEO: Spamming Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Launch of an innovative e-commerce platform dedicated to American local traders based on inbound marketing by including natural referencing (SEO) Launch of an innovative e-commerce platform dedicated to American local traders based on inbound marketing by including natural referencing (SEO) Posted on May 25, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Clickcool announces the launch of its dedicated services to local traders by offering a proximity marketing platform based on the Google Hummingbird algorithm which includes natural referencing through inbound marketing. Zero Commission on all orders and online sales through the platform. (PRWEB) May 25, 2017 A company serving its customers ClickCool Ads Inc. is a Canadian company, specialized in inbound marketing. Clickcool helps companies attract visitors through quality content created by themselves, to convert leads, customers nearby and position their activities on search engine results like Google, Yahoo and Bing. ClickCool Ads Inc., through its clickcool.us platform, provides local traders and merchants with all the tools and ingredients it takes to create a shop on the internet and manage a control system, a catalogue of products (physical or downloads) and many means of payment. Just choose the "quality design at your choice." Clickcool does not levy commissions or administrative fees on online orders and sales, and the merchant or trader can keep all of their revenues. A water and evolutionary e-shop, "an all-in-one integrated ordering and selling system," allows merchants to differentiate and be more competitive among millions of online offers. Merchants can easily manage their orders as well as payments through an intuitive shop manager. Keep track of orders and manage deliveries with ease. The innovative part of the e-commerce offered by Clickcool on its platform gives buyers the possibility to order at the same time in several shops. It is a time saver for a buyer and the orders as well as the payments will be sent to the respective merchants simultaneously. Merchants can then accept credit cards or bank transfers. Security Guaranteed! A significant technological advantage The unpublished, thanks to this concept of inbound marketing, consists of a reduction of 65% of expenditure related to marketing. Clickcool allows merchants to develop their visibility on Google local as well as their popularity thanks to the natural referencing of the promotional offers created on a daily basis and which are often renewed. Taking advantage of its large walking place thanks to many visitors attracted by the services, announcements on the platform, as well as all the content created on the Clickcool platform, the information can be shared easily on social networks (Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter etc. ..) All subscriptions include the concept of advanced digital marketing with efficient tools to promote all activities. The restaurants are visible on the web and improve their natural referencing in search engines thanks to the specific keywords seized when creating their menus or services offered by their establishments. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14329615.htm Latest News AEP Releases 2017 Corporate Accountability Report Flipdeck for Teams Equips Sales Reps to Share Targeted Content with Customers The Interlocal Purchasing System Approves Palomar Modular Buildings As An Awarded Vendor For Portable Classrooms ZEMA Embraces the OData Protocol with the New Web Services API 1st Capital Bank Announces Move of Corporate Headquarters and Opening of City Center Branch Launch of an innovative e-commerce platform dedicated to American local traders based on inbound marketing by including natural referencing (SEO) Global Diapers Market 2017 – Kimberly Clark, Unicharm, SCA Global Semiconductor Silicon Wafer Market 2017 – Shin Etsu (JP), Sumco (JP) Global Vegetable Seed Market 2017 – Syngenta, Monsanto, Seminis Global Residential Furniture Market 2017 – Bernhardt, Dyrlund, Baxter © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Menu Topics Business Impact Connectivity Intelligent Machines Rewriting Life Sustainable Energy 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Video Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Connectivity Google Now Tracks Your Credit Card Purchases and Connects Them to Its Online Profile of You The search giant wants to know how online ads translate into offline sales, but says it is taking steps to ensure users’ privacy isn’t breached. by Michael Reilly May 25, 2017 Google’s new ability to match people’s offline credit card purchases to their online lives is a stunning display of surveillance capitalism in action. The capability, which Google unveiled this week, allows the company to connect the dots between the ads that it shows its users and what they end up actually buying. This is a crucial link for Google’s business that, for all of the company’s inventiveness, remains a matter of attracting users to its predominantly free services, collecting user data, and leveraging that data to sell advertising. If Google can show that someone who saw an ad for a furniture store in Google Maps, say, then went and made a big purchase at that store, the store’s owner is much more likely to run more ads. Of course, Google has been able to track your location using Google Maps for a long time. Since 2014, it has used that information to provider advertisers with information on how often people visit their stores. But store visits aren’t purchases, so, as Google said in a blog post on its new service for marketers, it has partnered with “third parties” that give them access to 70 percent of all credit and debit card purchases. So, if you buy stuff with a card, there’s a less than one-in-three chance that Google doesn’t know about it. Subscribe to The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Sign Up Thank you — please check your email to confirm your subscription. Incorrect email format Manage your newsletter preferences Google has talked a bit about the lengths to preserve user privacy. A piece in the Washington Post on the new service has the following:  Google executives say they are using complex, patent-pending mathematical formulas to protect the privacy of consumers when they match a Google user with a shopper who makes a purchase in a brick-and-mortar store. The mathematical formulas convert people’s names and other purchase information, including the time stamp, location, and the amount of the purchase, into anonymous strings of numbers. The formulas make it impossible for Google to know the identity of the real-world shoppers, and for the retailers to know the identities of Google’s users, said company executives, who called the process “double-blind” encryption. The companies know only that a certain number of matches have been made. In addition, Google does not know what products people bought. Beyond that, us regular folks pretty much have to take it on faith that this system works. Given how few “anonymous” data points are required to identify an individual from credit card data, it’s hard to believe that linking people’s behavior on services as diverse as Gmail, YouTube, Google Maps, and others to offline buying habits couldn’t result in someone’s privacy being compromised, especially if it ever fell into the hands of hackers. Recommended for You Drug Is First to Treat Cancer Based on Genetics, Not Location The World’s Largest Wind Turbines Have Started Generating Power in England Electric Cars Could Be Cheaper Than Internal Combustion by 2030 Why Google’s CEO Is Excited About Automating Artificial Intelligence He Built the Xbox—Can He Make a Microsoft Product Out of Quantum Computing? But let’s not single Google out. For one thing, we users do willingly hand our personal data over to Google—that’s part of the service agreement (whether we have consented to let credit card companies hand our purchase records over in this way is potentially another matter). And for another, Google isn’t alone: Facebook is engaged in essentially the same practice of marrying online information with our offline lives.  So, you know, everyone’s doing it. (Read more: The Washington Post, “How Facebook Learns About Your Offline Life,” “Data Sets Not So Anonymous”) Cut off? Read unlimited articles today. Become an Insider Already an Insider? Log in. Tagged Google, Facebook, online advertising, credit cards, privacy Credit Photograph by DAMIEN MEYER | Getty Michael Reilly Senior Editor, News and Commentary I’m senior editor for news and commentary, so if there’s something in the news, I probably have something to say about it. I also created our main newsletter, The Download – you should subscribe to it. Before joining… More MIT Technology Review, I was Boston bureau chief for New Scientist. I’ve written about just about every topic in science and technology, and I have a hard time picking a favorite (though as a former geologist, I do enjoy a good volcano story). Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Subscribe Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Recommended for You Drug Is First to Treat Cancer Based on Genetics, Not Location The World’s Largest Wind Turbines Have Started Generating Power in England Electric Cars Could Be Cheaper Than Internal Combustion by 2030 Why Google’s CEO Is Excited About Automating Artificial Intelligence He Built the Xbox—Can He Make a Microsoft Product Out of Quantum Computing? More from Connectivity What it means to be constantly connected with each other and vast sources of information. Episode 1: Adam Foss and Jessica Brillhart A prosecutor wants to use data to inform outcomes in the criminal justice system in the United States. And a virtual-reality filmmaker explains what she thinks the medium is and isn’t for. by Kyanna Sutton How to Save Your Digital Soul With a selfie and some audio, a startup called Oben says, it can make you an avatar that can say—or sing—anything. by Rachel Metz Trump’s Call for a Crackdown on Botnets Is a Long Shot Complicated technical and political challenges stand in the way of the president’s wish for a “dramatic” reduction in botnet attacks. by Mike Orcutt More from Connectivity From Our Advertisers In partnership with Hewlett Packard Enterprise A Field Guide to Digital Transformation In partnership with Hewlett Packard Enterprise A Fireside Chat: Unlocking the Power of Hybrid, Flexible IT In partnership with Google Cloud Machine Learning: The New Proving Ground for Competitive Advantage Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe and become an Insider. Insider Premium {! insider.prices.premium !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Our award winning magazine, unlimited access to our story archive, special discounts to MIT Technology Review Events, and exclusive content. {! insider.buttons.premium.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience First Look. Exclusive early access to stories. Insider Conversations. Listen in as our editors talk to innovators from around the world. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* Best Value {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience Insider Basic {! insider.prices.basic !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Six issues of our award winning magazine and daily delivery of The Download, our newsletter of what’s important in technology and innovation. {! insider.buttons.basic.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Custom Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2017 v.|eiπ| / You've read all of your free articles this month. This is your last free article this month. You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe now or log in for unlimited online access.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 26, 2:25 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Android Co-Creator's Essential Teases Reveal For May 30 By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 05/25/17 AT 3:19 PM Close Essential, the company created by Google Android co-founder Andy Rubin, will likely reveal its flagship smartphone May 30. The company teased the news on Twitter Thursday: Hi, welcome to our Twitter page. We're here to let you know something big is coming May 30th! Stay tuned... — Essential (@essential) May 25, 2017 Read: Google Android Creator To Launch New Smartphone While Essential hasn’t confirmed what the focus of its May 30 event will be, the company has repeatedly teased its smartphone in the past. In March, Rubin previously posted a photo of an unnamed smartphone in his hands. The upper right-hand corner of the phone features Android’s familiar clock and status icons and Alphabet executive chairman Eric Schmidt later confirmed that the smartphone would run Google Android. I'm really excited about how this is shaping up.  Eager to get it in more people's hands... pic.twitter.com/LRzQCFSKTm — Andy Rubin (@Arubin) March 27, 2017 Few details have been confirmed about the Essential smartphone, but past reports suggest it’ll be a flagship phone for the fledgling company. In April, benchmarks for a potential test model of the phone appeared online that hinted at its possible specifications. Internally, the test model touted a 2,560 x 1,312-pixel display that falls in line with other top-end smartphones like the LG G6. The test model also included a Snapdragon 835 processor, along with a 12-megapixel rear-facing camera and a 7-megapixel front-facing camera. In January, a Bloomberg report previously highlighted details about the phone and Essential. Essential is reportedly aiming to launch the phone this year at a price range of around $650. The smartphone will also have a proprietary power connector that could be used to provide modular-like add-ons like Google’s short-lived Project Ara smartphone. The Essential phone is intended to go against premium smartphones like iPhone 7 and Google Pixel, but the smartphone could potentially be the centerpiece of a larger Essential-branded product family. The company is reportedly also designing devices intended for the smart home market and also listed tablets and accessories as other potential areas of focus in its patent application. Read: Benchmark Reveals Specs For Andy Rubin's Essential Smartphone Rubin joined Google in 2005 and helped guide Android into its current position as a major smartphone market leader. After leaving in 2014, Rubin started the incubator Playground Global before launching Essential earlier this year. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Andy Rubin's Essential Smartphone Spotted At GFXBench Android Phones Beat iPhones In Performance Efficiency: Survey Recommended Business Coffee Shops Serve Up Temptation To Hackers A recent report found corporations are concerned about mobile security and believe Wi-Fi networks in public places like coffee shops serve as one of the biggest risks to employees. Technology Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Is A Mid-Range Powerhouse The Xiaomi Mi Max 2 features a large display and an even larger battery capacity. World Ancient Hunter Gatherers And Farmers Had Children Together, Study Finds Previous research said the two groups did not intermix. National White House Responds To Travel Ban Ruling, Says It Will Appeal To Supreme Court After the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld Trump's revised travel ban order Thursday, the White House responded by saying it will appeal to the Supreme Court as the travel ban executive order to protect the nation is lawful. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars TRANSPORTATION Guest For deposed Ford CEO, the future didn’t come quickly enough Brendan O’Brien, Aria Systems@brendan0606 May 25, 2017 12:10 PM Image Credit: Ford Ford announced that CEO Mark Fields retired on Monday and will be replaced by Jim Hackett. After months of shareholder grumblings about Ford’s stock market performance, it’s obvious that his hand was forced, but he was allowed a graceful exit. Ford’s stock has tumbled 35 percent since Fields took the helm, so it’s no huge surprise to see him go. Fields’ connected car dreams Nobody ever said Fields was not ambitious. During his tenure, we saw a dramatic change in direction within Ford — sharply toward connected car tech, autonomous vehicles, and mobility solutions. Fields was instrumental in establishing Ford Mobility LLC, a division within the carmaker specifically focused on mobility solutions and autonomous vehicles. In the past few years, Ford snapped up robotics and artificial intelligence company Argo AI and urban vanpool provider Chariot. It also invested in beefed-up data centers to process the onslaught of data — that’s about $1.3 billion in investments and acquisitions to support connected car efforts. In August 2016, Fields even made the bold announcement that Ford will have a fully autonomous vehicle available in 2021, startling the likes of Tesla and Google. Just days before his departure, Ford also announced its first-ever over-the-air (OTA) updates for its cars, updating Sync 3 with Android Auto and Apple CarPlay. Many of the big announcements from Ford in the past two years have been focused on connected car tech and autonomous vehicles, but it looks like there was not enough follow-through. But you must build it for them to come The problem is, in the meantime, the company has delivered little groundbreaking tech. Ford’s OTA update is huge, but falls in the too little, too late department. By comparison, General Motors has released the world-beating electric Chevy Bolt, besting the Tesla Model 3 to market by a mile. Elon Musk is still stuck saying what the Model 3 will do while Chevy is busily selling cars. It also has a hit on its hands with the growing Maven car service, launched the luxury lifestyle service Book by Cadillac, and invested $500 million in Lyft, ostensibly to further mobility solutions. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) also leaped ahead in autonomous tech when it partnered with Google’s Waymo in late 2016. The accomplishments by GM in particular cannot be underestimated when Wall Street is awarding Tesla higher valuations than any of the Big Three automakers, even though Tesla has rarely turned a profit and the century-old carmakers are doing fairly well despite a down market on new cars. Getting innovative products and services to market quickly matters when you are a legacy company competing with disruptive newcomers like Tesla. New CEO promising home runs Ford has brought in Jim Hackett from office furniture maker Steelcase. The company is touting Hackett as a “transformational business leader” in its press release. “We’re moving from a position of strength to transform Ford for the future,” Bill Ford said. “Jim Hackett is the right CEO to lead Ford during this transformative period for the auto industry and the broader mobility space. He’s a true visionary who brings a unique, human-centered leadership approach to our culture, products and services that will unlock the potential of our people and our business.” The three priorities laid out in the press release makes one thing very clear — speed to market is a problem, and it needs to be fixed. To wit (from the press release): Hackett, together with Bill Ford, will focus on three priorities: Sharpening operational execution across the global business to further enhance quality, go-to-market strategy; product launch, while decisively addressing underperforming parts of the business. Modernizing Ford’s business, using new tools and techniques to unleash innovation, speed decision making and improve efficiency. This includes increasingly leveraging big data, artificial intelligence, advanced robotics, 3D printing and more. Transforming the company to meet future challenges, ensuring the company has the right culture, talent, strategic processes and nimbleness to succeed as society’s needs and consumer behavior change over time. The first two points are basically “get better stuff to market faster,” and the final one is “react to market forces faster.” Speed has always been key in the automotive industry, but today it is proven not by performance on the drag strip, but in how quickly new tech can be placed in consumer’s hands. Load the bases with innovation first Perhaps the cautionary lesson Hackett should take from Fields’ hasty departure is this: Focus on how Ford can best apply vehicle connectivity to a short-term strategy that quickly elevates drivers’ user experience and their brand affinity to Ford. As an example, how about offering a first-year lease that’s dramatically less expensive in exchange for the lessee opting into a comprehensive (and openly acknowledged) data collection and sharing effort? Essentially a version of the “freemium” model long employed by vendors of consumer software. Such a tactic would garner loads of attention, immediately begin to leverage the massive investment in big data infrastructure already made by his predecessor, and get a large number of new drivers (think millennials long inured to having their personal data exposed in exchange for services they value) behind the wheel of a Ford in short order. All the while, this strategy would open up several additional potential monetization streams for Ford by openly selling driver behavior data to third parties like insurers and dealers for cross-sell purposes. It’s just an idea, albeit one that’s decidedly different, but it acknowledges that the market as OEMs have come to know it is ceasing to exist. There’s nothing wrong with broad rubrics like “mobility” and “connectivity,” nor anything inherently wrong with long-term strategies that seek to monetize under those rubrics comprehensively in the long term. But what’s clear is that Fields and Ford have been punished by Wall Street (and drivers!) for pursuing a long-term strategy at the cost of an understandable and compelling short term one. They are not mutually exclusive, and in a fickle and rapidly changing market, they must not be thought of as such. Brendan O’Brien is chief innovation officer and cofounder at Aria Systems, a cloud billing service. Above: VB Profiles Connected Cars Landscape. (Disclosure: VB Profiles is a cooperative effort between VentureBeat and Spoke Intelligence.) This article is part of our connected cars series. You can download a high-resolution version of the landscape featuring 250 companies by clicking the image. VB Recommendations PC Gaming Weekly: How modding may play into Take-Two’s strong earnings AI Weekly: AlphaGo’s triumph shows the future of machine learning isn’t so black and white Ranking the best of ParadoxCon
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Sales for Startups: A Better Alternative To Begging Customers For Sales by Victor Ijidola — in Contributors 196 shares Selling can be a hard nut to crack sometimes. When it gets really tough, begging customers (sending them apologetic follow-ups) can seem like the only viable escape. The truth, however, is that begging can easily make prospects think other people are not buying from you because you haven’t been providing enough value that attracts customers. But come to think of it, do businesses really beg customers? You’d be surprised. Many businesses do beg customers. Only that they mostly don’t realize it. What it typically means to beg customers Marketing guru Ian Altman shared a typical “begging” illustration in a post on Forbes: “Kelly runs a business services company. They provide exceptional service for their clients across industries. After initial meetings, Kelly and her team noticed that their potential customers would often stop returning phone calls or emails. Kelly commented that their follow-up seemed to sound like begging. They send a note or leave a message that says “Just checking in to see if you’ve made a decision yet. Kelly asked me what they could do to stop begging for business. ” This is typically what it means to beg. It’s not until you say “please”, or go down on your knees begging people to buy your stuff. Once you are getting few to no results from your hundreds of cold calls and follow-ups, you just might be in a “begging situation”. And I’ve had my own fair share of this, too. When I started out as an online entrepreneur (a freelance writer), I knew the types of clients I wanted to attract. So I simply reached out to them. I sent out a whole lot of pitches and got, well, a few replies. But here was the problem: I felt like I was begging. Heck, I could tell. These clients would take days to reply my emails. And when they do, it’s either they are telling me my they’re not interested at the moment, have in-house writers or they need me to write a sample for free. Which was really frustrating. And all this wouldn’t have been happening if I didn’t reach out to them in the first place. Does this means that reaching out to customers is wrong? Definitely not. But where it does go wrong is when you literally have to follow-up all the time and often get few to no replies. If you’re in this situation, you may want rethink your approach to dealing with customers. How? Well, keep reading. Back to my story, I figured there has to be something that established writers do to get clients. I knew they couldn’t be going through what I was experiencing at the time. So I changed my approach. I found a better strategy than begging customers for work: Giving value away for free I started writing content for various publications for free. The more I did this, the more I got clients hiring me to write their content after they read my free articles on those publications. And this is what a lot successful businesses are doing to remain at the top in their various industries, too. Instead of cold pitching customers, sending follow-ups that never get replies, etc. they are giving value away for free and earning significant results. How this works is mostly something you already know: giving away free stuff (usually a version of your product) gives customers the chance to get a feel of your work before buying from you. And from experience, it’s pretty mcuh like the more you give value away for free, the more customers you get. Take a look at these companies, for example (and I’m not affiliated with any of them): MailChimp: MailChimp allows users to use their services for free until they get 2,000 email subscribers. And there’s virtually no other email marketing service that allows their users this much freedom. Yet, Mailchimp is more popular than most of them. They have more than 15 million users. Google: If you’re reading this article on the Internet, Google needs no further introduction to you. They’re one of the most generous companies in the world today. In fact you’ll agree with me that most people found Google because of the free search engine they provide–and that’s just one of their many freebies. They give out a big chunk of their products (Gmail, Keywords Planner, Google Docs, etc) for free. And, guess what? While it feels like too much giving would make them poor, Google’s founders are actually one of the few billionaires we have on this planet. Hunter (a tool that finds emails): As of the time of this writing, Hunter is the most generous email finder around today. They allow users to search up to 150 emails per month for free. Like Mailchimp, they’re also the most popular amongst their rivals. And they also are arguably the most generous in their field. So how has Hunter been faring since they’re this generous? They have over 400,000 companies as users including Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Shopify, etc. Canva (a graphic design software): Users are allowed to freely use this tool to edit pictures, get images for free, and so on. With over 10 million users around the world, Canva is currently one of the most popular tool for graphic designing. Hence, it’s quite safe to say that giving value away for free is a better option than begging. However, besides giving parts of their products out for free, these companies also give out some other valuables like: i. Free content: Of course this goes without saying. When you publish free content that informs your prospects about solutions to problems they are struggling with, they begin to notice and pay attention to your brand. In marketing, we hear of businesses who get people reading their content and deciding to become customers almost immediately. And as I mentioned earlier, many of my clients come directly from the content I write freely for various publications over time–almost immediately they get published. There are different types of content you can share with your prospects. You can share ebooks, reports, infographics, etc. But blogging is often a good place to start. I recently wrote a piece on starting a business blog. You can access it in my author bio below. ii. Start a contest Contests can be a huge way to give something of value and attract a lot of prospects to your business. Ben Pickering, CEO at Strutta, shared on Mashable that he’s seen clients go from “…50 to 1,000 and from 15,000 to 30,000 likes in a matter of days or weeks when running a contest.” And when done right, these thousands of social likes often lead to more brand awareness and customers. iii. Free trials: Apparently, many people have built great businesses and got a great number of trusted buyers by allowing users get free versions of their product. Again, MailChimp is one of the companies doing this really well. Another good example here would be SumoMe; they allow users use a few basic features of their software. In the end they’ve grown in leaps and bounds. In a nutshell: start giving That’s the only remaining valuable tip at this point. When you start giving value away for free, customers begin to notice you. You mostly won’t have to beg them; they’ll be getting the chance to use whatever you are giving away and come to you by themselves. As promised earlier, my piece about starting your blog can be accessed in my author bio below. Read next: Magikarp Jump, the latest mobile Pokémon game, is out today Contributors Share on Facebook (17) Share on Twitter (127) Victor Ijidola Happy to hear your thoughts on victorijidola@gmail.com or @veeblogs on Twitter. Victor is a freelance business writer and the founder of Premium Content Shop. He has been featured on sites like MarketingProfs, Forbes, Inc.com, ProBlogger and so on. Check out his piece on starting a business blog Contact Mail Tweet Posts 7   All posts by Victor > Here's some more distraction Theater decimates Facebook critics over ladies-only Wonder Woman screening Rachel Kaser Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Walkers Crisps Football Promotion turns into a PR nightmare on Twitter Matthew Hughes Gwent: The Witcher Card Game launches public beta Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended How AR and computer vision will impact our lives for the better Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Twitter adds 239 new emoji – but not everyone can see them all just yet Mix 2 How AR and computer vision will impact our lives for the better Lauren Gilmore 3 How Europe’s biggest economy is uniting its tech hubs to dethrone Silicon Valley Már Másson Maack 4 Using AI and drones to combat elephant and rhino poaching Tefo Mohapi 5 Gatwick Airport launches indoor navigation system to help passengers find their way Matthew Hughes Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 5 Things to consider before buying any wireless headphones David Geer 2 Theater decimates Facebook critics over ladies-only Wonder Woman screening Rachel Kaser 3 Disney CEO says its films are safe from hackers Rachel Kaser 4 Apple veteran Marc Newson has designed a $12000 hourglass Rachel Kaser 5 Android co-creator's new 'Essential' smartphone will probably be revealed next week Napier Lopez Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 33 Plus 1 on G+ 105 Share on Facebook 85 Share on Twitter Total Shares223 Applications Google Google has been improving Gboard with the same type of tools it uses for speech recognition: machine learning. The budding technology is rapidly becoming a ubiquitous method for improving results and performance. If a network can be trained to accurately accomplish something in a performant way, odds are you'll see it introduced to any product it can be applied to. Gboard and text-input as a whole are no different, and we are reaping the benefits of improved corrections and predictions every time we swipe out a low-accuracy message to a friend. But how do these improvements work? This is going to be a pretty technical post, and I'm going to do my best to simplify things to a level where everyone can enjoy the subject. All of this is based on a recent Google Research blog post. If you are really into machine learning and you already know what every term I might use means, the source link is probably the best place for you to learn about the cool new stuff in Gboard. If, however, you think you might want a few of the concepts or terms explained, then this article might be the place for you. Google's latest research blog post is all about one thing: Gboard. The authors talk about some of the new features that were shown off at I/O, like the transliteration tools for typing in a language you might only have a phonetic familiarity with. But the biggest things discussed in the article relate to how input is determined, and the models and math that determine which swipes equate to which words, and how to most accurately correct mistakes. The two solutions Google has found revolve around its neural spatial models for processing input, and finite-state transducers for state progression to accurately determine content. These sound like complex ideas, but their cleverness can be explained. Input Neural spatial models are just a fancy way of saying machine learning applied to any space. For instance, the physical Gboard keyboard layout itself. When we type, we sometimes type wrong. And when we swipe, we sometimes swipe wrong. I might have meant to drag over "P" for this word, but I only made it to O. That's where these neural spatial models come in handy. They are able to determine probabilities for which letters you meant to hit based on physical proximity of input, as well as predictive models based on trained corrections. Originally, Gboard used a Gaussian model, combed with a set of simple rules. That's a fancy way of saying it used physical proximity in a sort of bell-curve out from a given key, combined with a basic understanding of certain common errors. The developers have replaced the older Gaussian and rule-based model with an LSTM, or long short-term memory model, trained by a CTC, or connectionist temporal classification. Big somewhat scary acronyms, but they're actually pretty simple ideas. A long short-term memory is a particular kind of neural net ideal for use in applications of intermittent or unknown event/time latencies, and Google has previously used these for speech recognition, the Google Assistant, and Google Translate. A connectionist temporal classification is a specific method of training a neural network. After all, a neural network is nothing without data to derive weighted triggers and values from. In this case, it means segmenting data input to the network by time and allowing the network to retroactively refer to input, states, and output before and after the current set. To further simplify, it means referring to data at many stages of analysis from multiple periods of time, increasing the value of context in the network's training. To pull data for training, Google used data sets comprised of information collected when users opt-in to share snippets, and set reverted corrections and suggestions as negative signals, and accepted corrections or suggestions as positive. To help visualize how it might work, we have this image. In the above, the left represents individual data points from the word "could" as swiped on Gboard. The right is a normalized temporal data for the same swiped input. By being able to refer to the probable center of an input, in temporal context with inputs that came before and after, we can tell that the overall path means "Could" even if we might not have hit a couple of letters quite right. Google was further able to adapt some of its speech recognition tools and data and apply it to corrections and suggestions in Gboard, optimizing things over iterations with a heavy dose of Tensorflow to increase the speed of analysis and output and decrease the number of errors. All that is well and good, but Google can also leverage the rules of a language to enhance predictions. As a basic example, consider: If you tapped O-T instead of I-T, Gboard can look at its dictionary and determine that "OT" isn't something you are likely to input, but that the similar "IT" is a word. Furthermore, "I" is physically close to "O," so you probably meant "IT." Easy. Well, Google is able to do a similar but improved sort thing via what is called a finite-state transducer. Processing To vastly over-simplify, a finite-state transducer, in this case, means an order of operations for processing input. The operational flow above shows the various stages of potential input for the words "I," "I've," and "If." In this image input at each stage comes before the ":" (with ε representing nothing as either input or output), and potential outputs are shown after the ":" as they each become logical. So we start having input the letter "i." From the top path we can see, if there is no additional input, then "I" is the correct output. If an apostrophe or space follows, followed by the letter "v," then "I've" is the likely output. If the letter "f" follows, then "If" is the likely output. The final two flows at the bottom return to start. You can think of it as just a series of rules for input and output. Google is able to use these same tools at other scales. For instance, developers can create these logical chains for whole words and their contexts, combined with the spatial models above and statistical likelihoods for possible inputs. These tools also apply to the transliteration features that were shown off at I/O. By implementing those same workflows and networks towards phonetically spelled input, it can guess what characters or words in another language you might mean. For anyone that might speak a language, but not know how to spell it, that's pretty cool. Unfortunately, if you can't read the language, you aren't really in a position to know if what it's typing is right or wrong, but it's still a useful tool. Output Gboard and machine learning are both pretty fantastically interesting and complex subjects. I hope our simplification of the tools behind it has helped you understand a bit more behind how it all works. It's useful to have knowledge about how the things we use on a daily basis work, not just in an abstract sense for intellectual fulfillment, but to provide us with a base for troubleshooting when things might go wrong. Now when GBoard makes seemingly odd recommendations, you might have a small idea as to why. Source: Google Tags AI autocorrect gboard machine learning neural networks predictive keyboard video subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon's LG K8 V is getting an update to Android 7.0 Nougat ... Next Story Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more ... Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments KlausWillSeeYouNow Despite all this, Gboard is total and utter shit at predicting what it is I'm trying to say. It's also buggy and crashy as hell. I switched to SwiftKey and haven't looked back. elijahblake it is very, very, very, bad at predicting correct words.. I do miss swiftkey sometimes. I guess i'm just hanging in there hoping the gboard starts learning. Just today instead of "this" it put "thoe" Dennis Ulijn I accidentally typed htought and it corrected it to brought instead of thought... Like... Why?! dimm0k I've mentioned this before... prior to the change of name to Gboard when it was Google Keyboard, the prediction was actually decent! since the name change however I agree that the prediction has been pretty crappy! words that I've typed pretty often still get mistaken for some other random word that doesn't even work in the sentence I'm typing out! JD I'm not the only one the noticed. That since the GBoard change it's turned to shit. When it was Google Keyboard it was neck and neck with Swiftkey David Thoren That's interesting.. I've never really used the prediction to type with, I just swipe through without looking, so I can't really speak to that.. But I have never seen Gboard crash or even get unstable. KlausWillSeeYouNow Gboard is totally unstable on my LG V20. Maybe it's just something specific to my device – but only recent versions of Gboard have had this issue for me. I miss the days of Google Keyboard, a stable product that actually worked. gv Haven't had any stability problems with g'board; don't think it's even crashed once on my axon7. But then again, it doesn't work worth a damn either, so is that really such an accomplishment? KlausWillSeeYouNow Yeah. Amen. Sounds like you and I should have a beer sometime. We clearly feel the same about Gboard. gv You can apply all the fancy machine learning you want, doesn't change that gv is total shit at predicting swiped words... it's so bad that I've gone back to swype despite it being a resource hog and slow. My favorite thing is you'll swipe a word, and gv will take a guess and be really wrong. So you'll back over it, swipe it again and gv will guess the EXACT SAME WORD. So you'll back over it, swipe it again, and gv will now be so sure that it won't offer *any* alternative suggestions (even though the alternative suggestions were also wrong) the third time. Machine learning, my ass! Machine stupidity; if it wasn't the correct word the first or second time you can be damn sure it's not the correct word the third time! So then you type in the word you actually want, and next sentence you need the same word. Idiot gv then suggests the original word AGAIN when you swipe it. Machine learning, my ass! At least swype is smart enough to know that if you just used a word it didn't swype in correctly, next time you swype something close to that (even if you didn't permanently add it to the dictionary) that's likely the word you wanted! KlausWillSeeYouNow AMEN! PREACH! I second this. It's so annoying. You said it better than I ever could, pal. Whatever Gboard's doing, it isn't working. Carson Saldanha I'm even on the beta on my 2014 Nexus 6 and it's running just fine--no crashes or anything. blahmoomoo If they can one day figure out when I mean to say "if" or "of", I'll be happy. It feels like less of a problem recently, but it still happens sometimes... Lare2 The problem I have with Gboard is that when you write on two languages and forget to change the language, over the time, it will start suggesting words on the wrong language. Rod This. On the other hand, Swiftkey handles languages nicely. h4rr4r It does this to me constantly. What I hate is that enabling a language for this requires adding its keyboard. For languages with the same alphabet but different layout it is really annoying. big_al77 I love gboard. Best keyboard for a while now Miku is Best Vocaloid I started using it as soon as they added bilingual prediction. Ha hecho mi vida mucho más fácil. Joseph Walker Home-based mom Kelly Richards from New York City after giving up from her full time work managed to get paid from 26000 dollars-28000 dollars a month from freelancing in the house... This is how she working it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Cynthiajchester Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sb192c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sb192c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs482ShopFinanceGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sb192c:....,........ Max I always used it anyways but that was a looooong awaited addition for me! Ahora puedo escribir mis mensajes en spanglish sin problemas :) matteventu And why the hell when I write in Italian it often tells me "Download now the Portuguese dictionary" (or some shit like that) as a tip? Can't it understand that I'm writing in Italian, with also the Italian dictionary set up? Lare2 It's​ doing the same to me when typing in Spanish. Stu I've finally made the switch from fleksy to gboard. Not the smoothest transition but there are some pluses. I just wish that when I turned off auto capitalization it worked for everything and not just the first letter of a sentence. Wouldn't mind if it knew that punctuation went at the end of the last word, even if I put a space already (like with commas). Would also be nice if when I added words to the dictionary it knew better when to suggest them or auto add them. Even when I add shortcuts in the dictionary I still have to type very deliberately, add apostrophes myself, etc. My name is…. A far lesser keyboard to Swiftkey. Mike Each have their pros and cons, I personally prefer Gboard for it's speed but Swiftkey has more features going for it. KlausWillSeeYouNow There's nothing fast about having to correct nearly every word Gboard predicts or swipes wrong. It will change correctly typed words, like "got," to stuff that can neither be contextually nor structurally related, like "hey." It was just like torture. I wanted to love Gboard but couldn't :( Aaron I want to love Gboard still. Just couldn't keep using Swiftkey after after the MS buyout. KlausWillSeeYouNow Why? It's not like it has Outlook built in or anything. Prezes Dyrektor Because Microsoft spying on us is evil, and Google or Facebook for example are fair and righteous /s Aaron IDK. My ever growing disdain for Windows has expanded to all Microsoft products. It's not necessarily rational. Brandon Giesing I'm pretty sure they mean speed as in it doesn't lag your whole device like SwiftKey does. Yeah you do waste more time technically because correcting stuff non-stop but Gboard is definitely faster than SwiftKey when it comes to not lagging. KlausWillSeeYouNow I've had the exact opposite experience. Everything about SwiftKey is faster. Gboard is a lagfest. Dmitry Stepanushkin Sure some people will use swipe input, but I prefer tap, especially for English keyboard, it's much faster for me, and swipe feels unreliable. Mike I try to Swype all the time and it just feels like I'm wasting time versus just tapping. Christopher Bement Swiping is way faster for me. tlogank Gboard kills the battery on my S7 for some reason. I get more alerts about it eating my battery up than any other app. Wish that wasn't the case because it's my favorite keyboard, but I can't keep using it as is. Carson Saldanha Try setting the theme to black AMOLED. I know that shouldn't be the fix and probably won't fully fix it, but it'll for sure help a little and will only take a while until you get used to the look. tlogank I'm getting notices for it even when I'm not using it. It's like doing stuff in the background or something. Carson Saldanha Strange. Have you tried a reinstall? Christopher Bement What have you tried in an attempt to fix it? tlogank Not much besides uninstalling and reinstalling it. Doesn't seem to help for more than a day. Druter Gboard is one of the most inaccurate keyboards on the Play store right now. Sometimes it almost seems as if it's trying to make typing as full of errors as possible. I have taken to reading everything two or three times to catch the errors and it still manages to sneak some in there. I do not have confidence enough in Gboard to type even short sentences and hit send without proofreading. If this is machine learning, the machine needs to go back to school Captain_Invisible Yup! It is by far the worst correction I have ever experienced in a keyboard. I can press all the right letters for a word (that makes complete sense) just to have it "correct" to another word... obk88 just used it for about a week its very intriguing...using gifs, doing quick search from the keyboard and also used the translation option...but typing is just more effortless on swfitkey. Prediction is better on swiftkey, no suggestions in chrome or other apps is really annoying & gliding isnt as smooth...google is going in the right direction but this app still needs work...for now im back on swfitkey but keeping an eye on gboard for sure gv gboard may have machine learning algorithms, but they suck out loud. The ONLY thing it has going for it is launch speed. Other than that, it's far slower because it mis-predicts what word I'm swiping nearly 85% of the time. Seriously, I was swiping a text the other day and it didn't swipe a correct word. Eventually wound up thumbing the message just so I could talk! tehboogieman One of my biggest issues with Gboard is the inconsistency of whole word delete when swipe typing. I recently discovered there is a swipe backspace feature that I haven't read about anywhere that partially makes up for it, but I wish they would make the experience more consistent. If AP hasn't mentioned it yet it might be post worthy. I like a lot of the other improvements that Gboard has over the previous Google/AOSP keyboard. I've noticed a lot of improvements in text correction that takes a little getting used to, where it actually corrects groups of words or phrases in some situations. Still annoyed that I can't sync with my other devices just because I have one GSuite account EH101 The GSuite thing pisses me off. And it's not even the 'main' account. Martin AP wrote about the "delete whole words by sliding from backspace" thing back when it was introduced a year ago, but then the keyboard was still called Google Keyboard. Ailín Ó’S SwiftKey will remain my goto however. Nathan J And yet, they still can't tell the difference between to and too, or insist I meant CSV when I trace type "can." Rod Great post! Amarus Kh I've been trying Gboard for four weeks now since I got a new phone, but I just can't get myself to like it. I find it annoying that it doesn't show suggestions in many types of input fields (e.g. my email address in user fields, chrome search/address bar, etc.), swiping is unreliable most of the time, predictions are rarely relevant and don't seem to have improved with use, and so on. I'm going back to Swype. Dave i use texpand for emails h4rr4r Can machine learning add the rest of the keys to the keyboard? xphyle Swiftkey for the Win. Samson In German no sign of improvement so far. F4LL0U7 That's really great, but they still haven't fixed the bug where you can't open the emoji gallery when using a physical bluetooth keyboard. ChrisHigs Most of the time i find it pretty good, but occasionally *is* it's frustrating. Sometimes it won't suggest the word I want when I am *doing* swiping directly over the letters of the word but suggests *stone* some other *weird* word. Like cos. No chips. No I want chips. Grr. Cos. No again. Cos cos cos cos cos cos. What I was trying to type was "chops" but it won't let me. Surrey Street Surrey Surrey Street Surrey. Why won't it recognise "suet". Flip, grr, flip, no, flop *send* seems another tricky *I've* one. I'm not going over the i but it suggests flip instead of flop half the time. This is all *speed* swiped on gboard and the asterisks are incorrect suggestions it made. Martin Now if only Gboard could understand that when I type "har" ("have" in Swedish), I don't mean "här" or "hår" ("here" and "hair", respectively). Had I been using an English keyboard layout it would have been understandable, but with a Swedish layout Å and Ä are separate keys on the opposite side of the keyboard, meaning that I really, really didn't go anywhere near those letters. SwiftKey had the same problem, but fixed it many years ago. Kevin I'd consider gboard among the worst for autocorrect. Example: I type "if I spell" googles three auto corrects from left to right is spell, spelling and spelled. When is "if I spelling" ever right? And why is that center? Swiftkey however, from left to right; spelled, spell, and spell it. All improved and in an order that makes the most sense. xyz And a Happy Holi to you too, machine. Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 113 queries | 0.360s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
null
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 22 °C 9 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 24 °C 9 °C Pretoria, South Africa 16 °C 8 °C Cape Town, South Africa 24 °C 16 °C Durban, South Africa 28 °C 9 °C Mbombela, South Africa 22 °C 5 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 26 °C 10 °C Polokwane, South Africa 19 °C 12 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 22 °C 14 °C East London, South Africa 23 °C 7 °C Upington, South Africa 25 °C 6 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Story 'Beyond toxic' - Karabo's mother speaks of loss and heartache Video The ups and downs of Brian Molefe Story WATCH: Musa Mseleku, wives talks about love and polygamy Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! Google AI triumphs again as China blacks out coverage Technology Thursday 25 May 2017 - 6:00pm China's 19-year-old Go player Ke Jie (L) makes a move during the first match against Google's artificial intelligence programme AlphaGo in Wuzhen, east China's Zhejiang province on May 23, 2017. Photo: STR / AFP SHANGHAI, China - Chinese netizens fumed Thursday over a government ban on live coverage of Google algorithm AlphaGo's battle with the world's top Go player, as the programme clinched their three-match series in the ancient board game. The artificial intelligence (AI) programme won its second straight match against 19-year-old Chinese world number one Ke Jie, who will try to salvage some pride for humanity in the third and final game on Saturday. This week's series in the eastern Chinese city of Wuzhen has been closely watched by futurists and Go fans curious over whether AlphaGo could beat the world's best, after making headlines last year by trouncing a South Korean grandmaster. READ: Ready, Set, Go! Rematch of man vs machine in ancient game But Chinese fans struggled to get information on the event after authorities banned live coverage, amid online speculation in China that it was linked to Google's tense history with Beijing. Google shut down its www.google.cn website in 2010 in a row over cyberattacks and Chinese censorship, and most of its offerings have remained blocked by authorities. That made for an awkward situation in the Go series, in which the company's corporate logos have been clearly visible on live stream broadcasts. This week's match-up received considerable attention in Chinese media in the run-up, but live coverage was abruptly banned shortly before the first match, according to a government directive to media outlets that was widely circulated online. Anger online The notice said the contests "may not be broadcast live in any form, without exception, including text commentary, photography, video streams, self-media accounts, etc." A Google spokesman could not immediately be reached for comment. Chinese fans denounced the ban. "I just lost my chance to witness such a historic moment. I feel so terrible," wrote one user on China's Twitter-like Weibo platform. Another user asked: "Has the political environment become so dangerous that covering something that has gained public attention has become impossible?" AlphaGo was developed by London-based AI company DeepMind Technologies, which Google acquired in 2014. Its win last year over South Korean grandmaster Lee Se-Dol marked the first time a computer programme had beaten a top player in a full contest and was hailed as a landmark for AI. Ke, who last year said he would never lose to a machine, accepted defeat after game one, calling AlphaGo a "Go god". For some, AI advances conjure sci-fi images of machines enslaving humanity. But for AI proponents, AlphaGo's feats have fuelled visions of AI that can not only perform mundane tasks, but potentially help mankind figure out some of the most complex scientific, technical and medical problems. READ: Google AI programme beats top-ranked Go player Computer programmes have previously beaten humans in cerebral contests, starting with the victory by IBM's Deep Blue over chess grandmaster Garry Kasparov in 1997. But AlphaGo's success is considered the most significant yet for AI due to the complexity of Go, which has an incomputable number of move options and puts a premium on human-like "intuition". Go involves two players alternately laying black and white stones on a grid, seeking to seal off the most territory. AlphaGo's "thinking" is powered by millions of connections similar to neurons in the brain. It is partly self-taught, having played millions of games against itself. AFP Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES Google's AlphaGo beats Chinese master Jie 25 May 2017 Go is a highly complex board game dating back thousands of years that involves two contestants placing black and white stones on a grid. Google AI programme beats top-ranked Go player 23 May 2017 AlphaGo took the first encounter in a three-game series against brash 19-year-old Chinese world number one Ke Jie, who before the game called the programme a cold machine. Ready, Set, Go! Rematch of man vs machine in ancient game 21 May 2017 China's 19-year-old Ke Jie is given little chance in the three-game series beginning Tuesday in the eastern Chinese city of Wuzhen. Trending 1Beyond toxic Karabos mother speaks of loss and heartache 2Karabo Mokoenas mother speaks to Checkpoint about her loss and heartbreak 3WATCH: Musa Mseleku, wives talk about Love and Polygamy 4WATCH: Melania Trump flicks away The Dons hand 5Karabo Mokoenas mother speaks to Checkpoint about her loss and heartbreak Full coverage Women under siege Activists to march against gender violence #NotInMyName FA Cup 2017 FA Cup win can't mask Arsenal hurt - Oxlade-Chamberlain The rise of the Islamic State SA warned on return of IS fighters State capture - the Gupta link? Join the dots between Marikana and Waterkloof, say academics View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 12.9151 -0.0274 GB Pound 16.6292 0.07 Euro 14.4653 -0.0072 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 51.33 -4.7 Gold $ 1258.63 0.16 Platinum $ 951 -0.05 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 47572.15 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 54028.39 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 31368.64 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds BackChat CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor The Clinch Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Google Apps Facebook is trying to salvage Instant Articles by adding support for Google AMP New, 17 comments by Nick Statt@nickstatt May 25, 2017, 1:49pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo: Facebook Facebook announced today that it’s making its Instant Articles platform compatible with competing web publishing standards like Google AMP and Apple News. That way, publishers can build first in Instant Articles and then push near-identical versions of their content to other platforms. This might help cut down on news organizations’ distribution costs, but it’s also a big deal for the tech industry’s platform wars. Because this announcement doubles as a tacit admission from Facebook that its Instant Articles format is not as popular as other forms of platform publishing, as well as a move to undermine the success of Google AMP and Apple News by incentivizing publishers to create one version of a thing and push it out everywhere. If Facebook can ensure that everyone publishes equally to all platforms, it won’t have to worry about Google or Apple gaining an edge. Tech companies are competing to control the future of web publishing “The SDK already enables developers to easily integrate publishing Instant Articles into their content management systems. By supporting a gateway to generate content across platforms, we’re also making it easy for publishers to apply some of the custom styling templates in AMP and Apple News that they have created in the Instant Articles Style Editor,” explains Facebook’s Piyush Mangalick, a partner engineering director, in a blog post. “For example the custom formats, like fonts, colors and captions, that publishers have designed in the Style Editor, will be closely mirrored in the other formats.” In other words: if you build once on Instant Articles, you won’t have to worry about stylizing the article for AMP or Apple News. Facebook’s SDK will take care of all the heavy lifting. “This new flexibility with Instant Articles is part of our commitment to open standards of collaboration with the community,” writes Mangalick. “Our goal is to give publishers control over extending and modifying the Instant Articles building blocks to be the best storytellers on every platform.” Of course, that’s not the only goal Facebook has. Like so many aspects of the media business over the last three decades, the future of web publishing is currently being decided not by journalism organizations, but by the platform-owning tech companies that collect and distribute the world’s information. More recently, this has manifested itself in a standards battle currently being waged by Facebook, Google, and Apple, all of which own a proprietary format that transforms articles into clean, readable formats on mobile. Related Facebook's Instant Articles promised to transform journalism — but now big publishers are fleeing Facebook’s Instant Articles, launched back in 2015, has struggled to grow, while Google’s AMP format has engulfed huge swaths of the mobile web. Apple News, meanwhile, takes advantage of its high-priority placement on iOS devices as a native app to push the iPhone maker’s own walled-garden approach to news delivery. For Facebook, this is mostly an issue of the ever-constant identity crisis pulling it between its dominant social network and platform roots and the ways in which it continues to resemble a modern media empire. Some publishers have fled Instant Articles mostly because of Facebook’s own inability to help those organizations grow audiences and make money, both goals that happen to be at ends with Facebook’s constant News Feed tweaking and prioritization of video over text. This is also a debate about the very nature of the open web While the ramifications for news organizations are monumental, this is also a ontological debate about the very nature and future of the web. Google, which makes a vast majority of its revenue through web advertising, wants people to continue using its search engine. So it’s continued making the Chrome and search experience more reader-friendly with AMP. Facebook would very much like people to consider its app a modern-day gateway to the rest of the internet, a destination for consuming anything and everything you would otherwise have to seek out on the mobile web. And Apple doesn’t care about the future of the web so much as it’s interested in making the iOS the best way to do anything on a smartphone, news reading included. All of this means controlling the flow of content, a huge chunk of which is article links to news websites. So the question now is whether Facebook’s changes will make publishers come back to its platform, even as it strikes deals with media companies to produce original video that it will likely prioritize over the Instant Article links of third-party news publishers. As it stands, Facebook’s only option now is to hope publishers are so wary of any one tech platform that they publish to all of them simultaneously. While that’s not necessarily great for building a healthy relationship with the journalism business, it does keep Instant Articles from completely ceding ground to competitors. Next Up In Tech Overwatch fandom ruled Tumblr over the last year Disney CEO reports that hackers did not steal Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Amazon’s drive-up grocery stores are now open to the public in Seattle Note-taking app Bear is rapidly improving with new features Mark Zuckerberg’s commencement speech streamed on Facebook with hilariously awful captions Samsung’s new OLED screen prototype can stretch and bend Now Trending Google’s blob emoji are great and no one will convince me otherwise May 25th, 2017 Mossberg: The Disappearing Computer Tech was once always in your way. Soon, it will be almost invisible T.J. Miller won’t be returning for the next season of Silicon Valley Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 13. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Capcom’s Monster Hunter series is coming to Nintendo Switch by Sam Byford 2 comments / new Overwatch fandom ruled Tumblr over the last year by Chaim Gartenberg 1 comment / new Disney CEO reports that hackers did not steal Pirates of the Caribbean 5 by Andrew Liptak 6 comments / new Amazon’s drive-up grocery stores are now open to the public in Seattle by Chris Welch 5 comments / new Note-taking app Bear is rapidly improving with new features by Chaim Gartenberg 17 comments / new Mark Zuckerberg’s commencement speech streamed on Facebook with hilariously awful captions by Natt Garun 8 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Facebook is making Instant Articles compatible with Apple News and Google AMP formats Christian Zibreg on May 25, 2017 1 Facebook is rolling out new tools today to help publishers who post Instant Articles on the Facebook platform make their fast-loading news stories compatible with the Apple News format and Google’s Accelerated Mobile Pages. According to the social networking giant, an updated Instant Articles SDK, now available on GitHub, allows publishers to build content publishable as Google’s Accelerated Mobile Pages. Support for Apple News articles is coming soon, says Facebook. Politico reported today that Apple has created a new Editor-in-Chief position on Apple News. The Cupertino giant hired Lauren Kern, former Executive Editor at New York Magazine, for the newly created position. Facebook’s updated SDK removes a time and resource-consuming step in publishing on multiple platforms by having the markup publishers use to create Instant Articles automatically generate the code needed to build these other formats. For instance, any custom formats—things like fonts, colors and captions—that publishers have designed in the Style Editor will now be “closely mirrored” in the other formats. The company wrote: Media executives told us about the challenge they face using multiple platforms to share their stories–more distribution formats create more content management costs. Developers who attended our Journalism Project Hackathons in New York and London also asked for a way Instant Articles could support other major publishing formats. Instant Articles debuted as an iPhone exclusive in May 2015. Rival Google launched Accelerated Mobile Pages in October the same year. Both features aim to make news articles from participating publishers load in a fraction of a second on mobile devices than their non-optimized versions. Both Google and Facebook want to speed up webpage loading times, especially for users in emerging markets and those on unreliable or slow Internet connections. The faster the page loads, the more likely the user is to actually read the article. And the more news articles users consume on any given day, the more ads they’ll see. Instant Articles have been criticized for being confined to Facebook’s wall garden and their ad system. As for Accelerated Mobile Pages, Google is giving them preferential treatment in search results, but the implementation leaves a lot to be desired. While these pages do load significantly faster versus the regular mobile pages, all Accelerated Mobile Pages implement Google’s own scrolling behavior that feels weird on iOS while making it harder than necessary to visit the original article. Accelerated pages have their own unique URLs. To visit the original article, you must first tap the hyperlink icon at the top of the page to reveal the original URL, then tap the URL to visit the original page on the publisher’s website. The worst thing about Google’s accelerated pages is the fat that they don’t let you use Safari’s clutter-free Reader Mode or the Find in Page feature, available from the Share menu. Tagged: Apple Apple News Facebook Google News Social MORE FROM iDB Facebook rolls out revamped Trending results page Facebook Messenger gaining curated Discover tab Facebook unveils group payments via Messenger for desktop TheAvatarNice Typo in the last sentence. “fat” instead of “fact”. Featured Latest Daily Deals: $96 wireless earbuds, $168 Philips Hue Starter Kit, and more Minority Report, World War Z and other iTunes movies on sale right now iPhone 7 and 7 Plus get a stable jailbreak on iOS 10.1.1 with extra_recipe+yaluX Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ClassicFolders 2, MaskedHotspotPass, Pigeon, & more… Choose any 12 out of these premium apps for only $19.99 Daily Deals: $96 wireless earbuds, $168 Philips Hue Starter Kit, and more New video compares alleged iPhone 8 case to iPhone 7 Apple’s free app of the week: klocki Apple to live stream WWDC 2017 keynote Watch new Earth Day video Apple shared at Sustainable Brands conference Jailbreak News extra_recipe+yaluX reaches Beta 3: now with Substrate Customize the Camera app with SmartCameraShutter LaunchInSafeMode lets you selectively launch apps without being affected by tweaks Pin important notes at the top of the Notes app with Thumbtack iPhone 7 and 7 Plus get a stable jailbreak on iOS 10.1.1 with extra_recipe+yaluX Apps Apple’s free app of the week: klocki You can now drag and drop files on iPad between Readdle’s productivity apps 1Password’s Travel Mode protects your private data from unwarranted searches Download Apple’s new Swift app development curriculum from iBooks Store LaunchInSafeMode lets you selectively launch apps without being affected by tweaks Accessories Apple releases AirPods firmware 3.7.2 Upcoming HomeKit support will let you voice-control your Ikea smart lighting Check out Nike’s four new Sports bands for Apple Watch Claimed cases for 10.5″ and 12.9″ iPad Pro suggest rear microphone and stereo speakers iPhone hacked by jailbreak developer to interact with NFC devices Deals iKlips miReader 4K for $46 Trakk Bullet Ultra Compact Waterproof Bluetooth Speaker for $39 Yummy FTP Pro+ Ultimate Lifetime License for $19 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] Trending in Google Review: Huawei Watch 2 loses the charm of its predecessor [Video] Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Trending in Google Best Android smartwatches you can buy [May 2017] Yesterday GOOG: 969.54 14.58 Google Photos starts asking users to identify their face, contacts for Suggested Sharing Abner Li - May. 25th 2017 9:53 am PT @technacity Apps & Updates Google Photos View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit At I/O 2017 last week, Google Photos announced a number of upcoming smart features like Google Lens, Shared Libraries, and Suggested Sharing. It now appears that the latter is laying the groundwork to launch with a new prompt in Photos asking users to confirm who they are. Nintendo Switch Visiting the web app this morning popped up a new “Personalize Google Photos by choosing your face” prompt. I was presented with a grid of eight faces, with my own being the first one displayed. Photos notes that by selecting my face I’d be presented with more personalized search — such as being able to use “me” when searching — and creations, as well as faster sharing by allowing contacts to recognize my face. The latter is likely part of the Suggested Sharing feature demoed at I/O that uses machine learning to identify and remind your friends to share photos of you. At the conference, Google noted that suggestions would be rolling out with the new Sharing tab in the coming weeks. Further laying down the groundwork and controlling the privacy aspects is the new Contacts page in Google Photos. Here you can control which contacts “may receive suggestions to share with you based on the face group you’ve labeled” as yourself. There are a number of pre-suggested contacts based on Google Photos and Gmail, with an overflow menu to manually let you block them. This prompt is not live for all web users, and corresponding interfaces are not yet available on the Android or iOS app. Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Joy-Con Guides Google Photos View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] Trending in Google Review: Huawei Watch 2 loses the charm of its predecessor [Video] Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Trending in Google Best Android smartwatches you can buy [May 2017] Yesterday GOOG: 969.54 14.58 Facebook launches Google AMP support to Instant Article tools to increase adoption Zac Hall - May. 25th 2017 9:56 am PT @apollozac AMP View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Facebook introduced its Instant Article format for publishers two years ago as a way to make loading content in the News Feed much faster, but the format hasn’t been adopted as widely as the social network had hoped. Now Facebook is rolling out new tools for publishers to make Instant Articles compatible with  Google AMP and Apple News formats. Facebook says it has heard from publishers that supporting multiple formats like Google AMP, Apple News, and Instant Articles can require a lot of upfront work. Facebook’s solution is adding a new export option for publishers to use when creating Instant Articles that works with Google AMP and Apple News. The updated SDK transforms the markup publishers use to create Instant Articles to generate the code needed to build these other formats, removing what we’ve heard can be a resource-heavy step in publishing on multiple platforms. With an easy way to get from one markup format to another, publishers can then plug-and-play the markup in their content management systems or third party publishing tools. Publishers will still need to put in the work to support Instant Articles, but Facebook is hoping that working with Google AMP and Apple News will push publishers to play ball. Google AMP support is live now, and Facebook says Apple News “will be ready in the coming weeks as we learn how these tools can best support our partners.” Publishers can read more about the Instant Articles SDK Extension here. Zac Hall @apollozac Guides AMP View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Big Step Snapchat rolls out self-serve platform for its vertical video ads Fool Us Thrice Everything Facebook has admitted about its measurement errors Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Social Media Marketing Get the most important digital marketing news each day. Facebook rolls out software tool to make AMP, Apple News pages more like Instant Articles Facebook’s tool will automatically convert Instant Articles to Google’s AMP and Apple’s Apple News formats. Tim Peterson on May 25, 2017 at 1:42 pm More Ever since Facebook officially opened up Instant Articles to all websites last year, publishers, brands and other site owners have had to wrestle with how to make sure their sites’ regular pages could be converted to Facebook’s proprietary format, which becomes even more of a headache if those sites also support Google’s and Apple’s proprietary article formats. But now Facebook is making it easier for a site owner to manage all three formats — and making it more likely that, if sites use the tool, AMP pages and Apple News links will look more like Instant Articles. On Thursday, Facebook rolled out a software tool for developers that will automatically convert an Instant Articles page to Google’s AMP format, and eventually, to Apple’s Apple News format. If site developers adopt the tool, then Facebook’s, Google’s and Apple’s proprietary page formats may start looking more homogeneous, since developers will need to create the Instant Articles page first to be translated into an AMP and/or Apple News page. As a result, Facebook’s format could become more influential on its rivals’ versions. A Facebook Instant Article (left) converted to Google’s AMP format (right). Source: Facebook. For example, Facebook could introduce a content option that AMP and Apple News don’t yet support or vice versa, which could limit adoption by publishers that are automatically converting Instant Articles to the other two formats. Or Facebook could add rules dictating how many ads can appear on an Instant Articles page or where they may appear that conflicts with the rules for AMP and Apple News pages. But for now, Facebook’s tool appears to play nicely with Google’s and Apple’s formats. Publishers can include code in an Instant Articles page that will override automatic conversions that Facebook would make to page elements like ads or analytics tags, according to the tool’s official documentation. And publishers will be able to export the style details of the pages they create using its Instant Articles Style Editor to AMP and Apple News. “For example the custom formats, like fonts, colors and captions, that publishers have designed in the Style Editor, will be closely mirrored in the other formats,” according to a Facebook blog post announcing the tool. About The Author Tim Peterson Tim Peterson, Third Door Media's Social Media Reporter, has been covering the digital marketing industry since 2011. He has reported for Advertising Age, Adweek and Direct Marketing News. A born-and-raised Angeleno who graduated from New York University, he currently lives in Los Angeles. He has broken stories on Snapchat's ad plans, Hulu founding CEO Jason Kilar's attempt to take on YouTube and the assemblage of Amazon's ad-tech stack; analyzed YouTube's programming strategy, Facebook's ad-tech ambitions and ad blocking's rise; and documented digital video's biggest annual event VidCon, BuzzFeed's branded video production process and Snapchat Discover's ad load six months after launch. He has also developed tools to monitor brands' early adoption of live-streaming apps, compare Yahoo's and Google's search designs and examine the NFL's YouTube and Facebook video strategies. Popular Stories Google launches free Google Attribution, hopes to kick last-click attribution to the curb Conversion rate optimization tools coming to AdWords with new integrations Facebook rolls out software tool to make AMP, Apple News pages more like Instant Articles Related Topics AppleChannel: Social Media MarketingFacebookFacebook: Business IssuesFacebook: Instant ArticlesFacebook: MobileGoogleSocial Media Marketing Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 26, 2:36 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology WannaCry Ransomware: Fake Antivirus Apps For Android Don't Protect Against Malware Attacks By AJ Dellinger On 05/25/17 AT 1:37 PM Close A new wave of apps appearing in the Google Play Store purport to protect devices against the WannaCry ransomware attack that infected hundreds of thousands of computers around the world earlier this month, but may present their own security risks. Security firm McAfee found a number of apps in the Google Play Store that appear when a user searches “WannaCry.” Most are guides and reminders to patch Windows to protect against the ransomware attack or pranks that make it appear a device has been infected, but several prey on concerned users while loading malicious services. Read: WannaCry Ransomware Attack: NSA Disclosed Vulnerability To Microsoft After Learning It Was Stolen By Shadow Brokers McAfee classified an app called WannaCry Ransomware Protection a potentially unwanted program, with the app offering no actual protection and instead displaying ads and attempts to get the user to download more related apps. The WannaCry Ransomware Protection app does contain a scanner feature that can detect a few malicious ad libraries — a feature that appears to be hijacked and repacked from another app. Ironically, the app labels itself as “Medium Risk” when scanned because of the ad network it uses to display advertisements. Another fake app named Anti WannaCry Virus also purports to help remove malicious software including the widespread ransomware attack from a user’s device. McAfee found the app offers no such tools to protect a user’s Android handset. In both cases, the WannaCry-related apps have high reviews that make them appear more legitimate. Some of the reviews even appear to be users claiming the apps found instances of viruses on their devices and offered protection. It’s possible the developers have paid for reviews to bolster the legitimacy of the apps. Read: WannaCry Ransomware: How To Decrypt Your Files If You've Been Hit By WannaCry McAfee noted it contacted Google about the apps and encouraged the company to remove them from the Google Play Store. “We did not find any malware in these apps offering fake protection against WannaCry, but cybercriminals often seize the opportunity of trending topics like this — as we have seen with Flash Player for Android, Pokémon Go, Mario Run, Minecraft, etc. — to distribute malicious payloads even on official apps markets,” Fernando Ruiz, a security researcher at McAfee, wrote in a blog post. While there are plenty of concerns about ransomware on mobile devices and it is possible for smartphones to become compromised by malware and other attacks, WannaCry has not been found to infect Android devices. Thus far, WannaCry is exclusive to Windows — and in some cases, devices that communicate with Windows machines. The exploit used to spread WannaCry takes advantage of a vulnerability in the Windows Server Message Block protocol, which was first discovered by the U.S. National Security Agency and eventually reported to Microsoft after it was stolen by a group of anonymous hackers known as the Shadow Brokers. Thus far, there is no evidence to suggest WannaCry has targeted or could infect Android devices. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories WannaCry Ransomware: How To Decrypt Your Files If You've Been Hit By WannaCry More Attacks Spread Using NSA Exploits In Wake Of WannaCry Recommended Business Coffee Shops Serve Up Temptation To Hackers A recent report found corporations are concerned about mobile security and believe Wi-Fi networks in public places like coffee shops serve as one of the biggest risks to employees. Technology Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Is A Mid-Range Powerhouse The Xiaomi Mi Max 2 features a large display and an even larger battery capacity. World Ancient Hunter Gatherers And Farmers Had Children Together, Study Finds Previous research said the two groups did not intermix. National White House Responds To Travel Ban Ruling, Says It Will Appeal To Supreme Court After the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld Trump's revised travel ban order Thursday, the White House responded by saying it will appeal to the Supreme Court as the travel ban executive order to protect the nation is lawful. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 33 Plus 1 on G+ 108 Share on Facebook 70 Share on Twitter Total Shares211 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Podcast subscriptions 1.2 Audio Player Notification Channel 1.3 Data Saver for Now Cards 1.4 Google Assistant on Chrome OS (Tease) 1.5 New Icons 1.6 Image attribution? 2 Download Version 7.3 of the Google app began rolling out to users in the beta channel earlier today. There are a few odd little changes to be found poking around in the UI, like a new menu shortcut on many of the Assistant settings screens that leads to the Activity Controls settings, but it's all pretty innocuous. We'll surely see more significant features going live as Google activates them remotely over the coming weeks™. Nevertheless, there are some interesting things to be found during the course of a teardown. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Podcast subscriptions Last year, Google took a (half-hearted) stab at supporting podcasts with the Play Music app. The same day, in a much less expected move, it also became possible to listen to individual episodes right from a Google search. Fast forward several months and Google Assistant also gained the ability to play podcasts, which turned out to be a fairly natural feature for Google Home. While Play Music allows users to subscribe to podcasts, listening to one through Google Search or Assistant meant asking for shows by name, and may also require a specific episode number if you want to hear anything but the most recent recording. Now it looks like Google is going to close that gap with built-in podcast subscriptions. code <string name="podcasts">Podcasts</string> <string name="no_podcasts_found">No podcasts found</string> <string name="delete_favorites">Delete selected podcasts</string> <string name="subscribe">Subscribe</string> <string name="unsubscribe">Unsubscribe</string> <string name="confirm_unsubscribe_title">Unsubscribe from this show?</string> By all appearances, podcast subscriptions will be accessible in Google Assistant settings and will likely be treated much like subscriptions to news sources. The one obvious difference is that Google will track which episodes have been played so you won't miss any or have to listen to repeats. I do want to know if this will use the same subscription list and episode tracking as Play Music, because it would certainly be annoying if the two are independent and can't be kept in sync. However, if this is done right, it will make Google Home a really great appliance for podcast listening. Note: Some previously added strings already related to podcasts, but only in the context of marking them as favorites. The new text shows that a more fully-baked feature is planned. Audio Player Notification Channel The Google app already has a huge number of notification channels, but there is a new one titled "Audio Player" on the way. There can be no doubt that this topic is related to the previous section about podcasts; but I broke it out as a separate topic because it will surely fit other situations, as well. <string name="audio_player_notification_channel">Audio Player</string> Naturally, this channel will be occupied by a player control and should pop up anytime there is audio playing through the Google app. For example, search results can also be used to find and play audio clips from popular music. There's really not much more to say about this, but it's probably good that users will have the option to modify settings for these notifications. Data Saver for Now Cards If you've been following along for a while, it's probably pretty obvious Google has been tweaking many of its apps to be more responsible about data usage, especially in countries known to have slow throughput and low data caps. If this applies to you, then there's a setting that you might want to keep an eye out for. Google is adding a Data Saver mode for the Now Cards. code <string name="turn_on_feed_datasaver">Data saver</string> <string name="feed_datasaver_details">When data saver is on, your feed won’t get the latest content.</string> <string name="feed_datasaver_preference">feedDataSaverPreference</string> from: /xml/now_cards_settings.xml <com.google.android.apps.gsa.search.core.preferences.CustomSwitchPreference android:key="@string/feed_datasaver_preference" android:defaultValue="false" /> This differs from the Lite Mode that Google began working on and testing last year. That setting was intended to optimize the data passing between the server and user so that it would consume less while delivering the same (or similar) quality of content. The Data Saver feature discussed here is focused on preventing Google from updating the Now Cards in the background. If you don't even look at Google Now cards, or maybe don't care about seeing them updated unless they are manually refreshed, this is definitely a feature you'll want to look for. Google may have already made it available in certain regions, but it's not yet showing up for me, so I suggest taking a look in the Google settings under the Your Feed section. If it's enabled for your device, the Data Saver option should be at the very top of the list. Google Assistant on Chrome OS (Tease) During an interview with The Telegraph in mid-December, Hiroshi Lockheimer made a pretty clear statement that Google Assistant was destined to arrive on Chrome OS at some point in the future. That was about six months ago and it seems nobody has seen it happen in any official capacity yet. However, a couple of new strings in the Google app actually do appear to suggest this plan hasn't been abandoned. <string name="chrome_os_opa_value_proposition_cancel">No Thanks</string> <string name="chrome_os_opa_value_proposition_continue">Continue</string> Only the string names matter in this situation. The text will just be used to label a pair of buttons. The bit about "chrome os" is pretty clear, and the "opa" segment is a standard shorthand for Google Assistant. As for the "value proposition" bit, I assume these buttons will be used on an ad that either encourages users to set up Assistant when it becomes available, or may even suggest buying a Chromebook. For now, it's hard to tell since the content of the message isn't included at this time. It may be pushed to users remotely when it's time to run the message. While this gives no clues about a release date or any new features, at least it's a paltry sign of hope for Chrome OS users that have become frustrated with waiting for Assistant to make its grand debut on laptops. New Icons I usually skip over new icons since most of them are redundant or don't really relate to anything too special. However, there are three that might be worth a quick mention. The first belongs to the recently announced Google Lens. It matches the icon shown during the I/O keynote and the filename confirms it. While the icon is there, it doesn't show up anywhere in the live interface, which isn't too surprising since Lens hasn't actually launched yet. No doubt it will appear in the Google Assistant at some point, probably in the same horizontal row with the new keyboard icon for text input. The next icon is the always familiar RSS logo. I don't want to venture too many guesses about any features it might lead to, but it would make sense if the Google app is going to become a little more friendly towards subscribing to content providers instead of providing just randomly chosen articles. Last but not least, we have the water symbol from The Fifth Element. It actually represents "waves" in this case. It might have to do with coastal conditions, recreational spots, or surfing reports. Okay, I admit it, I only included this one so I could squeeze in that a movie reference. Image attribution? Finally, we've come to a mystery topic. The resources for the latest update include a brand new menu named attribution_popup_menu.xml with just one command called "view image source." code <string name="view_image_source">View image source</string> from /menu/attribution_popup_menu.xml <menu xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <item android:visible="true" android:title="@string/view_image_source" /> </menu> As a person that writes a lot of original content and edits a lot of images, my first instinct was that this might be related to a tool that would help people identify the origin of many images on the Internet. After many attempts to test that theory, I'm not so confident about it. My second thought is that this menu is related to the Google Attribution announcement made just yesterday. The timing and name certainly go together, but it's hard to come up with a reason why somebody would need to view the source of an image in that context. I don't have too many other thoughts on this one, but speculation in the comments is welcome. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 7.3.16 beta APK Mirror Download QR-Code Google Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app assistant attribution audio chrome os data saver download downloads google assistant notification channels now cards podcasts subscriptions teardown subscribe ... Previous Story Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: The proximity sensor can turn off ambient display Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Lawrence Anyone having issues installing this on Android O DP2? James Amend Yes. I have. I wasn't able to update the Google App via the Play Store or via APK. The only way I was able to get it to install/update was to revert back to Nougat, update it, and then return to O. I haven't had any issues since. It seems like the app never got stuck on the version from 7.1.2 and that broke something (I didn't have the updated launcher either after updating to O). mondeca Google's lame implementation of podcasts is really disappointing. I love my PocketCasts, but I was hoping for a quality effort from Google to spur competition. Carson Saldanha App shortcuts too! Cody Toombs They're not actually new. They were there in earlier versions, but a bug in one or two of the previous builds prevented them from showing up for a while. Carson Saldanha Ah, thanks for the clarification. I had seen it on 9to5Google earlier today and I guess they were mistaken. 👌 Kawshik Ahmed It's coming on Chrome OS but not on Pixel C or any other Android tablets -_- Cody Toombs I have a feeling that thing about tablets not getting Assistant will prove to be a relatively short-lived thing. It was a Pixel Phone exclusive for a long while, then went to phones (many of which are still waiting for it, I'm told), and then the SDK for other devices came out. I've got a feeling they'll start (or at least announced) a rollout to tablets in a few months, probably right around October. Andy J Yeah it drives me up the wall when they keep saying "Your assistant available everywhere" and I'm like - well..... no.... it's not is it. I mean right now I have an LGG4 in the UK - I'm still waiting for it to arrive. I have a Google Home - so right now my assistant is available in exactly one place (it's technically also on my G Watch R - but AW2 is next to useless so it doesn't count) Joseph Walker Full time mommy Kelly Richards from New York after quitting from her regular job managed to earn from 26000$ to 28000$ a month from freelancing inside the house... This is the way she working it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Denholm Willmer Shouldn't the Data Saver that's integrated into Nougat work for Now cards as well? Instead of having an individual Data Saver option for everything perhaps it should be done on a system level and made customizable boop Nougat is on 7% of devices. The Google app is on nearly 100% of devices. Denholm Willmer I can see where you're coming from, but if you're going to have a Data Saver option in Nougat, you might as well make it function the way it says, because I think that's what a user would expect. If not, it should be able to be customized to their liking. Douglas J Hunley I agree. If you're on N or higher and have Data Saver enabled in the OS, then all these apps that have their own toggle should be toggled to on as well. Then you could turn them off individually as desired. If I enable data saver at the OS level it's pretty obvious that I want to globally save data... I shouldn't have to turn on the option in Chrome, in Now, in X, in Y, etc etc boop I wonder what the activation method for Assistant will be? Long press of the search/app button? Keyboard shortcut? Or will we just have to open the app? Vantius Long press the home button, like it already is. Umesh Chamara at least they should have expand their google now support to few more counties. Jason Berek-Lewis Still no podcasts in Google Play Music in Australia, so I wonder if this feature will work... Jordan L My Google Now weather card for "home" is showing the wrong town. It's been like this for weeks. Home is set correctly. Any ideas? (Probably clear data and cache) ChicagoPete Mine has been doing the same. I'd be interested if anyone has had success resetting this. Andy J Did the version you did the teardown on also feature the Notification Listener in the manifest that the XDA teardown spotted? And if so - do you have any theories? Matt I have long time Visual Search (Lens) and now new layout Google Now too. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5767e7e7a9b9420b954d71894ac9d99abd618656ef76a7d82d26507fc82388e6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/574b2a692daa5233f5074e3717c082c87e9f9d63409bba6ecc8c229b6d8a6aae.png Cynthiajchester Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sb192c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sb192c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs482ShopFinanceGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sb192c:....,....... Drunk Squirrel What the actual fuck Scott Scrivens Matt, have you done anything to make Google Now look like that, or is that just how it's looking for you? We'd be grateful if you could send some more screenshots to [email protected] as we've not seen that before! saltyzip What happened to podcasts coming to the UK through Google music app? Alexey Super excited about podcasts thing! I published Google beta on my https://www.testingcatalog.com/project/100 a while ago and now it is one of the TOP rated apps in the beta list. I will include this Teardown into my newsletter, wanna have more of those articles! Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 126 queries | 0.482s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Menu Search Jump to the content Smashing Magazine Smashing Pages: Books Tickets Shop Email Newsletter Jobs About us / Impressum Categories: Coding Design Mobile Graphics UX Design WordPressWP X Search on Smashing Magazine Search X Books eBooks Tickets Shop Jobs RSS Facebook Twitter Newsletter Search on Smashing Magazine Search Coding CSS HTML JavaScript Techniques Design Web Design Responsive Typography Inspiration Mobile iPhone & iPad Android Design Patterns Graphics Photoshop Fireworks Wallpapers Freebies UX Design Usability User Experience UI Design E-Commerce WordPressWP Essentials Techniques Plugins Themes You know, we use ad-blockers as well. We gotta keep those servers running though. Did you know that we publish useful books and run friendly conferences — crafted for pros like yourself? E.g. our upcoming SmashingConf New York, dedicated to smart front-end techniques and design patterns. Make ‘Em Shine: How To Use Illustrations To Elicit Emotions By Blair Culbreth May 24th, 2017 Emotional DesignIllustrations 1 Comment As designers, we often use imagery that resonates with our audience. Yet, often we also end up with stock photos and generic icons that come across as mere decoration. Or we bypass imagery altogether. But custom images are a powerful design tool. They can tell a story and convey a distinct personality. Custom illustrations can be especially impactful. They can make our audience feel personally connected to an app or website, while being an integral part of the design. The use of illustrations on the web has become more popular than ever because of their unique ability to communicate content, to bring immediate warmth and humanity to a design, and to enhance our online experiences to make them feel more personal. Further Reading on SmashingMag: Link Why Should We Design Emotional Systems?1 How To Add A Personal Touch To Your Web Design2 When Typography Speaks Louder Than Words3 Not Just Pretty: Building Emotion Into Your Websites4 The Web! “Teacher, Mother, Secret Lover” Link It used to be enough for user interface elements to “look professional” or simply to “add polish” to a website. But in the past few years we’ve come to expect more personal interactions and stronger relationships with the apps we use and the websites we visit. Our relationship with the web has evolved dramatically over the past few years. It is a much more intimate relationship than it was before we had smartphones and tablets. Physically, the web is in our pockets. It’s on the couch. It’s in bed with us. As Tom Chatfield explains5, “[our phones] are the first thing we touch when we wake in the morning and the last thing we touch when we go to bed at night.” They’ve become extensions of ourselves6. Smart apps and websites take advantage of this personally connected feeling we have with our devices. For instance, Google already tailors your content to let you outsource things you used to have to actively remember. Want to know where you are, whom you’re meeting with today, when your next flight is, or what hotel you’ll be staying at after the flight? Google already knows. Google adjusts your search results, your calendar and your map to account for your personal details. Google is catching up in visual design to that same level of personalization and intimacy by using illustrations to cultivate a relationship that is more emotional, rather than just professional and polished. Deep Dive: Google Calendar Link For instance, the Google Calendar app (on iOS and Android) is a great example of a tool that is made to feel more personal and less mechanical and that makes our relationship with it more emotion-driven. The app could just show you a clean, simple calendar view. Instead, its unique illustrations bring warmth and a human touch to your calendar. First, each month has its own beautiful full illustration, by designer Lotta Nieminen7, bringing the digital calendar closer to the feeling of a traditional, graphic wall calendar. 8 (Image: Lotta Nieminen9) (View large version10) But going one step further, the app also shows illustrations by Maya Stepien11 that are tailored to your personal agenda. If you add a date for drinks, that event shows a lovely illustration of drinks. It can tell the difference between a dentist appointment and a hair appointment and automatically serves up the perfect illustration. Voila! A personalized experience. 12 Illustrations by Maya Stepien13 (Image: Google Calendar14) (View large version15) On a practical level, this use of illustrations enhances your experience by breaking up the wall of text listings you would otherwise be faced with. When you’re quickly scrolling, trying to find when exactly your dentist appointment next week is, an illustration will communicate “dentist!” faster than words could. So, you don’t have to slowly read every description as you scroll. On an emotional level, what could be a very dry calendar app feels like something a little more personal and unique. The organic texture and warm colors of the illustrations inject the app with humanity. No Time To Read Link Illustration brings visual interest and personality to design, but doesn’t photography do the same thing just as well? Not always, mainly because generic stock photography is often difficult to feel connected to. Studies such as Nielsen Norman Group’s 2010 eye-tracking study of photos as content16 have found most people don’t even look at stock photos. Specifically, we ignore photos that don’t add value or content to a page. By their very nature, stock photos are often decoration to fill out a design. Nielsen Norman Group’s eye-tracking study17 made clear how important relevance is to imagery. In one example, a college application page shows a generic photo of students next to important application info. The blue dots indicate the parts of the page that users looked at. The decorative photo was mostly ignored in favor of the more useful application information. 18 (Image: Nielsen Norman Group2119) Is the answer, then, to cut all imagery and have nothing but text on the page? Nope. Imagery is powerful when it means something or has some personality. In the same study, on a team page with photos of real team members, users were drawn to the profile photos, rather than the paragraph-long bios next to each name, because it was a faster way to become familiar with the team members. 20 (Image: Nielsen Norman Group2119) In this case, the images conveyed information. They were not just decoration around the content; they themselves were content. This also highlights a harsh reality of the web: We don’t read if we don’t have to. On an average page, users read only 28% of the text, according to another Nielsen Norman Group study22. We don’t read; we skim. What, then, are we looking at if we ignore stock photos and don’t read body text? We do read headlines and lists, as you could probably guess from the last time you fell into a Buzzfeed-reading black hole. We also look at relevant, meaningful images that convey content and inject personality. That’s why unique illustration and custom photography are more effective than stock photography. Deep Dive: Intercom Link A great example of a website that uses illustration as a supplement to written content is Intercom32292623. The website integrates Quentin Vijoux24’s illustrations on nearly every page. The graphics’ loose, whimsical style is memorable and endearing. Anthropomorphic giraffes and rhinos on a website promoting customer service tools are certainly a unique surprise. 25 (Image: Intercom32292623) (View large version27) The pictures demand your attention in a way the predictable imagery — generic photography of professional-looking people on phones and computers — could not. They are relevant to their respective headlines and copy. At a glance, you get a sense of the page’s written content without having to read anything. Copy even takes a backseat on some pages where the illustrations make the point. We see a story unfold in the image below, with a beginning, middle and end. It makes the same point as the headline but with more personality (and ice cream) and without the visitor having to read. 28 (Image: Intercom32292623) (View large version30) Callouts and featured text, even low-priority ones towards the bottom of the page, get their own unique images. They playfully illustrate and reinforce the message in the text. They support the content, rather than distract from it or decorate around it. 31 (Image: Intercom32292623) (View large version33) The quirky illustrations do several things for Intercom, beyond supporting content. They make the website immediately stand out from competitors’; other marketing websites may blur together, but you’re probably going to remember the one with the blue dogs in polo shirts. For a service about customer communication and support, the whimsical drawings make a perfect first impression. Intercom’s website is charming and personal; a potential customer is even more likely to feel that Intercom’s tools really would make their own customer communications more charming and personal. Finally, the illustrations put a face on Intercom’s intangible services. Visual metaphors such as shopping, sitting in a classroom and getting ice cream make services that exist only online suddenly concrete and relatable. Let’s look at other examples of illustration that solve this tricky issue and see why it’s become so common. “You Can’t Disappoint A Photo…” And You Can’t Always Relate To One Either Link The use of illustration can be more effective than photography on the web because the services we use and rely on have become more abstract. Many of the services and tools we use are very real to us and have real benefits but don’t exist in the real world. A photograph might be limiting when it comes to visualizing them and how they work. A photo can’t show Dropbox doing its Dropboxing thing, for example. Custom illustration, on the other hand, can communicate complex, abstract ideas in a way that’s easy to comprehend. 34 (Left image: Twitter35; right image: Evernote36) (View large version37) You can see how Twitter relied on illustration when it introduced Moments. And Evernote has used illustration extensively in the past to explain its service and the benefits of the service with charming visuals. Deep Dive: Dropbox Carousel Link The design of the now defunct Dropbox Carousel38 was an especially good example of using illustration to show something that photography couldn’t, while creating a connection with users. Dropbox Carousel was an app that created a gallery of all the photos and videos in a Dropbox user’s account. Even though it was an app all about photos, the design team relied on illustrations rather than photos to design and brand the app. As one of the designers, Alice Lee39, said about the decision to stay away from photography, “We realized a disjoint that users experience when they look at photographs that are of people that aren’t them — it is instantly unrelatable.” For example, the illustrations showed a collection of snapshots of two characters going from childhood to adulthood and marriage, and they followed users throughout the marketing website and the app itself. On the marketing website, the illustrations were animated and explained how Carousel worked. They gave users a clear, fun demo of the app that felt more like entertainment than exposition. The illustrations educated the user in an immediate, visual way that was easy to understand, even though the tool only existed in the abstract phone world. 40 (Image: Dropbox4441) (View large version42) Within the app itself, the same illustrations guided users through setup and filled the initial screens. So, the app never felt empty or broken, even before photos had been uploaded. 43 (Image: Dropbox4441) (View large version45) Carousel, as a result, had a unique personality and created a story around saving photos. We ended up feeling emotionally attached to a tool that essentially does the rather innocuous job of displaying our files. When You Gotta Use Stock… Link A good illustrator brings a sense of style that gives their work a distinct personality. That personality becomes a part of any design that uses the style. Generic stock photos, meanwhile, seem to be where personality goes to die. Take the two images below indicating growth: two stock images of a generic businessman and his ginormous line graph of success. Neither is earth-shatteringly exciting. However, the bright colors and clean, efficient lines of the illustration at least create a distinct tone that’s lacking in the photo. 46 (Left image: iStock47; right image: iStock48) (View large version49) Some Examples Of How We Have Added Illustration In Our Projects Link At Viget, I’m part of a team of designers who focus these days on creating meaningful illustrations and animations for internal and client-side projects wherever it makes sense. In some projects, this has meant small touches; in others, we’ve focused the design entirely on illustration. Here are a few things we’ve done recently and what we’ve learned along the way. Case Study: pow wow and the Power of a Cute Mascot Link Lovable, cute mascots are already ubiquitous. For a web-based company, especially, that has no tangible product that exists in the real world, a mascot grounds its brand and gives users something concrete to connect to. That connection has become a vital aspect for a lot of brands for which feeling professional and trusted is not enough — they want to be loved as well. When a mascot is well designed and carefully chosen, it can go a long way to communicating very quickly the core of what a company is. We designed and built pow wow50 as a tool for ourselves, but also for anyone who needs an easier way to coordinate appointments. In pow wow, you create a calendar with blocks of time when you’re available, then send it out to everyone you have a meeting with. They pick and choose from your available time blocks and add themselves to your schedule. We launched a rough beta version in 2013, and over the next three years, we found that early users seriously loved the tool. It made a part of their job that had been a hassle simple and fast. They were very verbal about how grateful they were. So, last year, when we rebuilt and redesigned pow wow, my priority for the new design was to create a brand that was worthy of the level of emotional connection that the tool had already garnered. pow wow is loved by its users; therefore, it should look and feel pretty lovable. And what’s more lovable than an adorable mascot? For pow wow, a border collie that, instead of herding sheep, “herds” your appointments is a perfect fit. On the website, pow wow (the pup) explains features, gives the tool a personal voice when it is needed and even dresses up to represent different target audiences. While pow wow (the tool) connects users to people they need to book appointments with, pow wow (the mascot) connects users emotionally to the app itself. 51 (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version53) What pow wow essentially does is straightforward but is still a bit of a mouthful to explain. On the original 2013 home page, we relied on long paragraphs of text and screenshots to do the explaining, which wasn’t great if you know that users read only 28% of that text. With this redesign, it was important to figure out how to convey what pow wow does immediately and visually, with little to no reading required. Simple illustrated elements and icons work with our new mascot and boil pow wow’s concept down to a few simple visuals. 54 (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version56) The new home page brings these simple illustrations to life with animations that explain what pow wow does, without having to show literal screenshots of the app in action. Without a word, you can start to see how pow wow works within your existing schedule. 57 (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version59) What we found through this redesign was that a single core idea ties everything together. The cute mascot, the bright pink color scheme, everything that is designed to feel personal and warm would ring hollow if there were nothing behind it. For this reason, we wrote brand guidelines60 (PDF) for ourselves, and with everything we designed, we kept this principle from the guidelines in mind: pow wow is a tool for making lives easier. It removes friction for its users and between people. It facilitates human connection. Meetings, appointments, interviews, catching up over coffee, are all a little more simple and joyful and a little less of a burden because of pow wow… Users connect to pow wow as much as they do their real-life appointment bookees. This is what gives purpose and meaning to the pow wow design. It creates a genuine emotional connection because it is designed not just with usability and functionality in mind, but also with a sense of the purpose it serves on a human level and how it makes life better. Case Study: Refrigerator Refresh Link At Viget, when we have downtime, we often get together to research and brainstorm on topics that interest us, and then we put our ideas and hypothetical solutions into one-page long-form explorations61. One such exploration that we heavily relied on illustration for is “Refrigerator Refresh: Designing for the Realities of the Home62.” The exploration looks at how smart products, particularly the refrigerator, are designed now, and it thinks through the possibilities on the horizon. It’s a great example of how just a moderate amount of illustration can seriously shape the tone of a design. A lot of content is on the page, and most of it pertains to solutions that don’t exist; we didn’t build a real-life smart fridge, so photos weren’t an option. Photo-realistic mockups were considered early on, but they felt lifeless and cold for a topic as personal as your kitchen. In the end, simple line drawings in soft colors were the perfect way to tie together research findings and editorial content and to illustrate hypothetical smart fridge features, all while feeling as homey and inviting as a real kitchen. In this project, illustrations mostly supplement the written content, making it quick and easy for viewers to get the point without having to read every word. 63 (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version65) But halfway down the page, where we write in detail about future concepts and ideas — things that don’t yet exist, basically — the illustrations become important. At this point, the illustrated fridge isn’t tacked on; it’s a key part of the layout. Simple animations move elements around on a fridge, creating visuals in the left column that demonstrate the ideas being written about in the right. The reader doesn’t have to rely on their imagination; they can see the concepts in action immediately. 66 (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version68) The result is a page that transforms what is essentially an essay into a full-on experience, one that feels like a warm, lively kitchen, thanks to the soft colors, simple illustration style and prominent animations. More importantly, the illustrations mean something and rise above mere decoration. They make the content more memorable and faster to read and make the ideas presented easier to comprehend. Case Study: Know Lupus Link Finally, on the heavily illustrated end of the spectrum is a project Viget worked on with the Lupus Foundation of America. We designed and built Know Lupus69, a small website that ties into the foundation’s larger campaign for lupus awareness month to promote lupus education. Our mission was to turn dry, clinical and often unpleasant facts about lupus into a game that people would be entertained by and would want to share with others. And we wanted to educate people and present the facts in a way that would stick in the viewers’ minds. We decided to make a card game that tests the user’s knowledge of lupus, while educating them with new information. The card format gave us a lot of opportunities to tie in a lot of illustration and immersive animation, to create a full experience that feels fun and interactive. 70 (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version72) The illustrations in the Know Lupus card game presented a unique challenge. On the one hand, the tone of the game is meant to be fun and enjoyable — cute even! We wanted the user to want to keep playing this game through all three of its levels. So, lighthearted and adorable were high priorities. 73 Lighthearted? Check. (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version75) On the other hand, the game raises awareness about a serious, incurable disease. The facts you learn through the game are all very medical, technical and downright serious. How do you reconcile “fun” with “kidney inflammation”? How do you illustrate medical concepts such as chemotherapy and infection without looking like a textbook? 76 Medical and technical? Check. (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version78) For this project, the answer turned out to be “with a lot of style.” The pictures themselves are simple and straightforward, almost like icons. This makes them easy and quick to understand as you’re flipping through cards in the game. Repeating a limited set of shapes and colors builds a visual shorthand and creates a nice flow throughout the game as users flip through dozens of cards quickly. For example, once you’ve seen the couple of shapes that are supposed to represent a woman, like the swirly hair cut or swept bangs, you instantly recognize women in later questions. 79 (Image: Viget807774716764585552) (View large version81) We also decided to avoid using realistic human figures or detailed faces, because pictures of sickness and pain would affect the light tone of the game. So, when we do use people, they’re highly stylized, chunky, weeble-wobble people. They don’t look very realistic, and they don’t have facial expressions. Therefore, users will not get upset about facts and answers that are about physical pain. The colors are bright and cheerful. Everything is colored with over-the-top offset color blocks. The overall impression as you go through the game is upbeat and positive, but not to the point where it feels like we’re taking the content or taking lupus itself lightly. The illustrations enable us to keep the tone of the game light, to speed up comprehension and to keep the focus on learning facts about lupus. Some Things To Keep In Mind As You Start Incorporating Illustration Into Projects Link Start small; you don’t have to rethink everything overnight. Special drawings for edge cases such as error states, 404 pages and onboarding bring some delight, without committing you to illustrating an entire website. In addition to starting small, start early getting clients, investors, other team members or whoever else is involved on board. It’s easier to work through debates on illustration style before you’ve invested a ton of time and love on your artwork. Or start by introducing small, illustrated enhancements; this might get them comfortable with the idea that illustration can be an appropriate, professional solution faster than hitting them with one really big change. Work flexibly. When you can, take the time to make illustrations vector-based, even when the result is meant to look hand-done. You never know what will pop up. Maybe images will need to be bigger or smaller than you had planned. Maybe you will need to make several variations of a figure and don’t have the time or budget to create every single one from scratch. Starting in Illustrator or a similar vector-based program will help you be ready for anything. Dedicate time in your workflow to it. Avoid jumping back and forth between illustration and UI design as much as you can. Getting into a flow and not having to switch context is, really, always a good thing, but especially so in this case. Finally, take advantage of all the opportunities that come with illustrating for an interactive medium! Move things around and bring them to life. Animation can be a powerful way to communicate a complex idea. Also, personalize illustrations for different contexts and use cases. Key Takeaways Link Custom illustration can seem daunting, but it doesn’t have to be scary. You don’t need a fine arts degree to create imagery that will enhance your content. Even small, simple illustrations or custom icons would be worthwhile if they communicate something relevant or add something unique to your design. We don’t read text, we don’t look at generic images, and we don’t appreciate decoration. But we do connect to images that mean something, that are relevant and that tell a story. Unique imagery can humanize an app or website and can personalize our experience and relationship with it. Animation can guide a user’s attention and communicate an idea instantly. Our expectation as users is for more personal interaction and stronger relationships with the apps we use and the websites we visit. Thus, designing with emotional connection in mind is becoming a necessity. We don’t just use our phones — we love our phones. We want to love the apps on our phones just as much. Illustration is a surefire way to inject the personality and humanity that inspires that kind of love. (ah, vf, yk, al, il) Footnotes Link 1 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2012/02/the-journey-from-writer-to-reader/ 2 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2012/11/freehand-style-in-web-design/ 3 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2012/04/when-typography-speaks-louder-than-words/ 4 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2012/04/building-emotion-into-your-websites/ 5 http://99u.com/articles/41017/the-most-intimate-relationship-in-your-life-your-smartphone 6 http://www.newsweek.com/our-iphones-ourselves-we-can-experience-separation-anxiety-cell-phones-study-298626 7 http://www.lottanieminen.com 8 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/google-cal-preview-opt.jpg 9 http://www.lottanieminen.com/illustration/google-calendar/ 10 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/google-cal-preview-opt.jpg 11 http://www.mayastepien.nl 12 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/google-appointments-preview-opt.jpg 13 http://www.mayastepien.nl/googlecalendar.html 14 https://www.google.com/calendar/about/ 15 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/google-appointments-preview-opt.jpg 16 https://www.nngroup.com/articles/photos-as-web-content/ 17 https://www.nngroup.com/articles/photos-as-web-content/ 18 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/nielsen-1.jpg 19 https://www.nngroup.com/articles/photos-as-web-content/ 20 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/nielsen-2.jpg 21 https://www.nngroup.com/articles/photos-as-web-content/ 22 https://www.nngroup.com/articles/how-little-do-users-read/ 23 https://www.intercom.com 24 http://www.quentinvijoux.com 25 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/intercom1-preview-opt.png 26 https://www.intercom.com 27 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/intercom1-preview-opt.png 28 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/intercom2-preview-opt.png 29 https://www.intercom.com 30 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/intercom2-preview-opt.png 31 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/intercom3-preview-opt.png 32 https://www.intercom.com 33 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/intercom3-preview-opt.png 34 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/twitter-evernote-preview-opt.png 35 http://www.twitter.com 36 https://dribbble.com/shots/1970553-Evernote-for-Android-Welcome 37 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/twitter-evernote-preview-opt.png 38 https://carousel.dropbox.com 39 http://byalicelee.com/carousel/ 40 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/carousel-home-preview-opt.gif 41 http://www.dropbox.com 42 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/carousel-home-preview-opt.gif 43 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/carousel-app-preview-opt.png 44 http://www.dropbox.com 45 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/carousel-app-preview-opt.png 46 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/stock-preview-opt.jpg 47 http://www.istockphoto.com/photo/business-man-drawing-a-growth-graph-gm505944234-83953447 48 http://www.istockphoto.com/vector/businessman-and-charts-gm507301384-84519019 49 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/stock-preview-opt.jpg 50 http://usepowwow.com 51 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/pow-brand-preview-opt.png 52 http://www.viget.com 53 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/pow-brand-preview-opt.png 54 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/pow-iconography-preview-opt.png 55 http://www.viget.com 56 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/pow-iconography-preview-opt.png 57 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/pow-home-preview-opt.gif 58 http://www.viget.com 59 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/pow-home-preview-opt.gif 60 https://static.viget.com/pow-brand.pdf?mtime=20160323115956 61 https://explorations.viget.com 62 https://explorations.viget.com/fridge/ 63 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/fridge1-preview-opt.png 64 http://www.viget.com 65 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/fridge1-preview-opt.png 66 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/fridge2-preview-opt.gif 67 http://www.viget.com 68 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/fridge2-preview-opt.gif 69 http://www.knowlupus.org 70 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-card-play-preview-opt.gif 71 http://www.viget.com 72 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-card-play-preview-opt.gif 73 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-cute-preview-opt.png 74 http://www.viget.com 75 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-cute-preview-opt.png 76 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-medical-preview-opt.png 77 http://www.viget.com 78 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-medical-preview-opt.png 79 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-repeat-preview-opt.png 80 http://www.viget.com 81 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lupus-repeat-preview-opt.png Emotional DesignIllustrations ↑ Back to top Tweet itShare on Facebook Blair Culbreth Blair has been making websites since Geocities was cool. Now she focuses less on scrolling sparkle text and more on intuitive, emotionally driven design. She is a Senior Designer at Viget, living and working in Boulder, Colorado. 1 Comment 1 privin May 25, 2017 6:48 am very helpful content Reply 0 Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Click here to cancel reply.Your message You may use simple HTML to add links or lists to your comment. Also, use <pre><code class="language-*">...</code></pre> to mark up code snippets. We support -js, -markup and -css for comments. Your name Your email ↑ Back to top Search on Smashing Magazine Search Become a sponsor! Smashing Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter for useful tips and valuable resources, sent out every second Tuesday. Please provide us with your email address: Subscribe Smashing Book 5: "Real-Life Responsive Web Design", our playbook to master all the tricky facets and hurdles of responsive web design. Gorgeous hardcover with 584 pages. The eBook is included. Free worldwide shipping. Get your book now! Today, too many websites are still inaccessible. In our new book Inclusive Design Patterns, we explore how to craft flexible front-end design patterns and make future-proof and accessible interfaces without extra effort. Hardcover, 312 pages. Get the book → Meet the new Sketch Handbook, our brand new Smashing book that will help you master all the tricky, advanced facets of Sketch. Filled with practical examples and tutorials in 12 chapters, the book will help you become more proficient in your work. Get the book. We are proudly hosted on Media Temple Dedicated Servers. Performance matters. Smashing Job Board Remote responsive designer for freelance work - Adnet Media - (Los Angeles, CA) - Freelance XBIZ, the industry source, is seeking a highly talented freelance web designer for ongoing projects. - Minimum 5 years experience - Proficient in ... Web Designer & UI Expert - Freelance - eventplanner.be /.nl - (Belgium) - Freelance eventplanner.be, eventplanner.nl and eventplanner.tv are the leading inspiration platforms for event planners in Belgium, The Netherlands and the world. ... View more job openings… Meet us in SmashingConf New York and learn about Atomic Design, DevTools, Persuasive Design, performance, and more. Taking place on June 13-14. With Brad Frost, Sara Soueidan, Umar Hansa, Yuko Shimizu, and others. Get your ticket now! With a commitment to quality content for the design community. Founded by Vitaly Friedman and Sven Lennartz. 2006-2017. Made in Germany. ✎ Write for us – Contact us – Datenschutzerklärung – Impressum.
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Facebook has made 2 big hires as it ramps up its fight against Google and TV Mike Shields May 25, 2017, 12:00 PM 8,925 facebook linkedin twitter email print Facebook See Also Facebook is paying between $10,000 and $250,000 for its own TV shows Facebook is testing a change that will make news an even bigger part of your feed Facebook and Google dominate web traffic, but not the same kind Facebook is beefing up its sales leadership team as it continues to battle for marketers' ad budgets against Google and the TV industry. The social networking giant has tapped digital veteran Nada Stirratt as its new vice president of  global marketing solutions for the US and Canada. In addition, Ty Ahmad-Taylor has been named vice president of product marketing.  Both execs are former CEOs. Stirratt recent ran the mobile ad company Verve, where she oversaw several acquisitions and revenue growth. Prior to that role Stirratt logged top sales stints at Viacom, Acxiom and MySpace. She’ll report to Carolyn Everson, Facebook's vice president of global marketing solutions. Ahmad-Taylor previously served as CEO and president of the media and consumer electronics firm THX. Like Stirratt, Ahmad-Taylor has previously worked at Viacom, as well as Samsung and FanFeedr. He’ll report to David Fischer, Facebook’s vice president of global business and marketing partnerships. Facebook Facebook and Google have been eating up nearly every dollar that goes into digital advertising, Yet both have endured very public stumbles of late. Facebook has had a series of ad measurement mistakes while Google has had to apologize to marketers when their ads have shown up next to dicey videos on YouTube. Both companies have their sights set on pushing beyond digital media, and siphoning off more of marketers’ TV budgets. So more big names from the ad sales community should surely help the cause. NOW WATCH: Here's what popular dog breeds looked like before and after 100 years of breeding Loading video... More: Advertising Facebook facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Facebook has made 2 big hires as it ramps up its fight against Google and TV Facebook has made 2 big hires as it ramps up its fight against Google and TV Facebook is beefing up its sales leadership... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: A deep dive into Tesla's stock price and Amazon 20 years after its IPO More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Advertising Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events More Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey April Glaser Eric Johnson Rani Molla Tony Romm Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Mossberg: The Disappearing Computer Tech was once always in your way. Soon, it will be almost invisible. by Walt Mossberg@waltmossberg May 25, 2017, 10:00am EDT tweet share Linkedin The one and only kingmaker Asa Mathat Welcome to Mossberg, a weekly commentary and reviews column on The Verge and Recode by veteran tech journalist Walt Mossberg, executive editor at The Verge and editor at large of Recode. This is my last weekly column for The Verge and Recode — the last weekly column I plan to write anywhere. I’ve been doing these almost every week since 1991, starting at the Wall Street Journal, and during that time, I’ve been fortunate enough to get to know the makers of the tech revolution, and to ruminate — and sometimes to fulminate — about their creations. Now, as I prepare to retire at the end of that very long and world-changing stretch, it seems appropriate to ponder the sweep of consumer technology in that period, and what we can expect next. Let me start by revising the oft-quoted first line of my first Personal Technology column in the Journal on October 17, 1991: “Personal computers are just too hard to use, and it isn’t your fault.” It was true then, and for many, many years thereafter. Not only were the interfaces confusing, but most tech products demanded frequent tweaking and fixing of a type that required more technical skill than most people had, or cared to acquire. The whole field was new, and engineers weren’t designing products for normal people who had other talents and interests. Walt Mossberg’s “Personal Technology” debut in 1991 Dow Jones But, over time, the products have gotten more reliable and easier to use, and the users more sophisticated. You can now hand an iPad to a 6-year-old and, with just a bit of help, she will very likely learn how to operate it quickly. That’s amazing, given that the iPad is far more powerful than any complex PC I was testing in the 1990s. Plus, today’s hardware and software rarely fails catastrophically like PCs did so often in the old days. So, now, I’d say: “Personal technology is usually pretty easy to use, and, if it’s not, it’s not your fault.” The devices we’ve come to rely on, like PCs and phones, aren’t new anymore. They’re refined, built with regular users in mind, and they get better each year. Anything really new is still too close to the engineers to be simple or reliable. Many people aren’t going to be able to hook up a dedicated virtual reality system, or want to wear the headset. And most of us can’t yet trust Siri, Alexa or Google Assistant for an accurate, useful answer much of the time. But it’s early days for those technologies. So: Where are we now, and what’s coming? The lull As I write this, the personal tech world is bursting with possibility, but few new blockbuster, game-changing products are hitting the mainstream. So a strange kind of lull has set in. The multi-touch smartphone, launched 10 years ago with Apple’s first iPhone, has conquered the world, and it’s not done getting better. It has, in fact, become the new personal computer. But it’s a maturing product that I doubt has huge improvements ahead of it. Tablets rose like a rocket but have struggled to find an essential place in many people’s lives. Desktops and laptops have become table stakes, part of the furniture. The big software revolutions, like cloud computing, search engines and social networks, are also still growing and improving, but have become largely established. Consumer drones and robotics are in their infancy, a niche, with too few practical uses as yet. The biggest hardware and software arrival since the iPad in 2010 has been Amazon’s Echo voice-controlled intelligent speaker, powered by its Alexa software assistant. It arrived in 2015, and was followed last year by the similar Google Home device. I expect others. Justin Sullivan / Getty But the Echo and Alexa are just getting started. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos told me in an interview last year that artificial intelligence was not just in the first inning of a long baseball game, but at the stage where the very first batter comes up. And, while Amazon doesn’t release sales figures for the Echo family, third-party estimates say that, while they are growing fast, they were still well below 10 million units last year. For comparison, even in a relatively weak period, Apple sold 50 million much costlier iPhones in just 90 days last quarter, and the combined total sales of the far more prevalent Android phones no doubt were much greater. Google just announced that there are now two billion Android devices in active monthly use globally, and Apple announced a year and a half ago that there were over one billion iOS devices in active use. These are mostly smartphones, and they are no longer novel. Wait for it But just because you’re not seeing amazing new consumer tech products on Amazon, in the app stores, or at the Apple Store or Best Buy, that doesn’t mean the tech revolution is stuck or stopped. In fact, it’s just pausing to conquer some major new territory. And, if it succeeds, the results could be as big or bigger than the first consumer PCs were in the 1970s, or even the web in the 1990s and smartphones in the first decade of this century. All of the major tech players, companies from other industries and startups whose names we don’t know yet are working away on some or all of the new major building blocks of the future. They are: Artificial intelligence / machine learning, augmented reality, virtual reality, robotics and drones, smart homes, self-driving cars, and digital health / wearables. All of these things have dependencies in common. They include greater and more distributed computing power, new sensors, better networks, smarter voice and visual recognition, and software that’s simultaneously more intelligent and more secure. Shutterstock Examples of all these technologies already exist, but they are early, limited and mainly attractive to enthusiasts. Compared to what’s coming, they are like the Commodore PET (look it up, kids) or those huge car phones in old movies. Ambient Computing I expect that one end result of all this work will be that the technology, the computer inside all these things, will fade into the background. In some cases, it may entirely disappear, waiting to be activated by a voice command, a person entering the room, a change in blood chemistry, a shift in temperature, a motion. Maybe even just a thought. Your whole home, office and car will be packed with these waiting computers and sensors. But they won’t be in your way, or perhaps even distinguishable as tech devices. This is ambient computing, the transformation of the environment all around us with intelligence and capabilities that don’t seem to be there at all. It reminds me of a great Saturday Night Live skit from 2005, where cast member Fred Armisen, playing Steve Jobs, shows off an ever-smaller series of iPods, finally producing a model that’s literally invisible, yet holds “every photograph ever taken.” Just in recent weeks, Facebook’s famed researcher Regina Dugan has announced that her secretive team is working on using the brain to type, and to control augmented reality devices. They are also developing ways to “hear” through your skin. Their idea is that, even if augmented reality gets built into standard eyeglasses and can impose sophisticated virtual objects onto real life, it won’t be seamless if you have to push buttons, use touch controls or utter commands. Apple reportedly has a secret project to monitor the glucose levels of diabetics with new noninvasive sensors, ending the need for daily test needles. Google has changed its entire corporate mission to be “AI first” and, with Google Home and Google Assistant, to perform tasks via voice commands and eventually hold real, unstructured conversations. Several small firms are pursuing the prospect of recharging mobile devices with power sent through the air, so power cords won’t be around. I expect to see much of this new ambient computing world appear within 10 years, and all of it appear within 20. Why it matters Every one of these efforts has the potential to create a new world that’s unrecognizable. It’s a radically different way of thinking about tech. When the internet first arrived, it was a discrete activity you performed on a discrete hunk of metal and plastic called a PC, using a discrete software program called a browser. Even now, though the net is like the electrical grid, powering many things, you still use a discrete device — a smartphone, say — to access it. Sure, you can summon some internet smarts through an Echo, but there’s still a device there, and you still have to know the magic words to say. We are a long way from the invisible, omnipresent computer in the Starship Enterprise. Worse, those early computers were in your way. They were hulking objects that demanded space and skill. Even now, if you look around a restaurant, you’ll see smartphones on the tables, waiting to be used. Computers have gotten vastly easier to use, but they still demand attention and care, from charging batteries to knowing which apps to use and when to use them. Technology has been a great thing, but it’s been too unnatural, an add-on to life, for 40 years. What’s going on in the labs has the promise to change that. The dark side Some of you who’ve gotten this far are already recoiling at the idea of ambient computing. You’re focused on the prospects for invasion of privacy, for monetizing even more of your life, for government snooping and for even worse hacking than exists today. If the FBI can threaten a huge company like Apple over an iPhone passcode, what are your odds of protecting your future tech-dependent environment from government intrusion? If British hospitals have to shut down due to a ransomware attack, can online crooks lock you out of your house, office or car? Good questions. My best answer is that, if we are really going to turn over our homes, our cars, our health and more to private tech companies, on a scale never imagined, we need much, much stronger standards for security and privacy than now exist. Especially in the U.S., it’s time to stop dancing around the privacy and security issues and pass real, binding laws. But, as tectonic shifts like this occur in technology, oligopolies get shaken up. And, if ambient technology is to become as integrated into our lives as previous technological revolutions like wood joists, steel beams and engine blocks, we need to subject it to the digital equivalent of enforceable building codes and auto safety standards. Nothing less will do. And health? The current medical device standards will have to be even tougher, while still allowing for innovation. The tech industry, which has long styled itself as a disruptor, will need to work hand in hand with government to craft these policies. And that might be a bigger challenge than developing the technology in the first place. The oligopoly Most of the work on this, especially what we and others can learn about and report about, is coming from the giant companies that make up today’s tech oligopoly — Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google and Microsoft. But, as tectonic shifts like this occur in technology, oligopolies get shaken up. For instance: today, Apple is the biggest of the group. By all reports, it’s working seriously on AR, self-driving cars and health initiatives. But its strict and admirable privacy policies make it harder for it to gather the vast amounts of data required for the best machine learning. Microsoft is still trying to find a way to meld its formidable software and cloud expertise with a significant hardware business. The ad-based business models of Facebook and Google, now so dominant, could prove fickle. And Amazon has only had one really giant hardware hit — the Kindle — in its existence. But, even if these oligarchs all do fine, and their ranks swell by one or two, the country and the world will have to ask if they have too much power — and, if so, how to curb it without killing progress. The bottom line We’ve all had a hell of a ride for the last few decades, no matter when you got on the roller coaster. It’s been exciting, enriching, transformative. But it’s also been about objects and processes. Soon, after a brief slowdown, the roller coaster will be accelerating faster than ever, only this time it’ll be about actual experiences, with much less emphasis on the way those experiences get made. As a gadget-lover, this makes me a little sad. But, as a tech believer, it’s tremendously exciting. I won’t be reviewing all the new stuff anymore, but you can bet I’ll be closely watching this next turn of the wheel. Thanks for reading. Mossberg out. Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider More From Recode A Silicon Valley technical women’s group has cut ties with Uber, citing ‘continuing allegations’ about the treatment of female employees How to watch execs from LinkedIn, the New York Times, Netflix, Planned Parenthood and more, live from Code Read Mark Zuckerberg’s full commencement address at Harvard Mark Zuckerberg called on Harvard’s graduates to help save the environment and cure all disease What’s next after a federal appeals court blocked Trump’s immigration ban Full transcript: New York Times reporter Mike Isaac answers Uber questions on Too Embarrassed to Ask Trending A Silicon Valley technical women’s group has cut ties with Uber, citing ‘continuing allegations’ about the treatment of female employees The Anita Borg Institute told the car-hailing company it had to “end our current partner engagement.” Mark Zuckerberg called on Harvard’s graduates to help save the environment and cure all disease Zuckerberg gave a passionate speech at Harvard Thursday — he teared up at one point near the end. Read Mark Zuckerberg’s full commencement address at Harvard Zuckerberg returned to his alma mater Thursday to encourage Harvard’s graduates to go save the world. How Silicon Valley is trying to topple Trump — beginning with a special election in Montana A new group, Tech for Campaigns, is pairing tech-savvy volunteers with Democratic candidates across the country. Photos: Inside Amazon’s first New York City bookstore Opening soon. More in Trending Recode Daily Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 72. The sidebar size is long. The Latest A Silicon Valley technical women’s group has cut ties with Uber, citing ‘continuing allegations’ about the treatment of female employees by Kara Swisher How to watch execs from LinkedIn, the New York Times, Netflix, Planned Parenthood and more, live from Code by Meghann Farnsworth Read Mark Zuckerberg’s full commencement address at Harvard by Kurt Wagner Mark Zuckerberg called on Harvard’s graduates to help save the environment and cure all disease by Kurt Wagner Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Our Properties: Gamasutra GameCareerGuide IndieGames GDC Vault GDC IGF SEARCH GO GAME JOBS updates Blogs contractors newsletter store SEARCH GO ALL CONSOLE/PC SMARTPHONE/TABLET INDEPENDENT VR/AR SOCIAL/ONLINE         PROGRAMMING ART AUDIO DESIGN PRODUCTION BIZ/MARKETING Latest Jobs View All     RSS May 26, 2017 2K SENIOR SERVER ENGINEER VRnam UI Unity Programmer Sanzaru Games Inc. Environment Artist System Era Softworks 3D Artist WRKSHP Jr. Art Director Pixelberry Studios Junior Game Writer Latest Blogs View All     Post     RSS May 26, 2017 The SSM Framework of Game Design [1] You should take a look at how Horizon Zero Dawn handles the apocalypse [1] The mobile AR platform war [1] Balancing Data and Design A Writer Inside [3] Press Releases May 26, 2017 Games Press Chilled Mouse announces the launch of Cleo’s... Bomb Defense Released For PC/Mac/Linux INDIE MEGABOOTH TO HOST 19 INDEPENDENT DEVELOPERS... Kid Ink Drops Exclusive “Now It’s... The Hunt is On! - Augmented Reality Game Monster... View All     RSS About Editor-In-Chief: Kris Graft Senior Contributing Editor: Brandon Sheffield News Editors: Alex Wawro Advertising/Recruitment/Education: Courtney Blair Contact Gamasutra Report a Problem Submit News Comment Guidelines Blogging Guidelines How We Work Gama Network If you enjoy reading this site, you might also want to check out these UBM Tech sites: Game Career Guide Indie Games Blogs   The mobile AR platform war by Tim Merel on 05/24/17 09:53:00 am     1 comments    The following blog post, unless otherwise noted, was written by a member of Gamasutras community. The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company.   Mark Zuckerberg’s “We’re making the camera the first augmented reality platform” was the most important step so far towards mass market AR. Where Pokémon Go gave consumers their first taste of mobile AR, and Google Tango ushered in the race towards high end mobile AR phones, Facebook’s AR Platform now democratizes mobile AR regardless of hardware. Apple launching an AR enabled iPhone this year or next year could combine with Facebook to kick-start the mobile AR market at scale, and also be the final step towards the next great platform war. Consumers will win as usual, but there will be blood (as detailed in Digi-Capital’s new Mobile Augmented Reality Report). The burning platform question Hardware and software platforms are so intertwined that it can be hard to tell the difference, and if you’re Apple this played in your favor for the last decade. But Apple, Samsung and other phone makers have done such a great job with existing hardware, that they might have stacked the deck against themselves for mobile AR. Facebook’s AR Platform has shown exactly how the major social and messaging platforms can play the game using nothing more than a standard smartphone camera. So while device manufacturers roll out new hardware to build an installed base for AR phones, established and startup social/messaging platforms could build a mobile AR ecosystem and user base in a fraction of the time at a fraction of the cost. They’ll also be able to leverage this advantage as dedicated AR phones come to market. What is mobile AR anyway? At one end Pokémon Go is what some industry insiders call “the best worst example of AR”, because its ambient mobile AR is pretty basic. Lovely graphics positioned approximately against the real world on your phone screen, using basic computer vision and positional tracking. Nonetheless mass consumers think it’s mobile AR, and they’ve loved playing with it. At the other end of the spectrum is Google Tango, with hardware based immersive mobile AR driven by integrated hardware and software. Without diving into the technical weeds, Tango phones enable accurate motion tracking, area learning and depth perception in a device that looks much like any other smartphone. The difference comes from a motion tracking camera, a depth sensing camera, an infrared projector, computer vision and simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) software. So virtual objects superimposed on the real world appear as you would expect them to if they were really there. But Tango’s time is yet to come in terms of consumer awareness and app ecosystem (no disrespect to Google, Lenovo or Asus). Facebook and Snap’s software based immersive mobile AR is a serious contender, as it combines the ubiquity of ambient mobile AR with some of the computer vision and SLAM that previously required dedicated hardware. While Google Tango’s sensors enable heavier duty mobile AR apps, that’s not the problem Facebook and Snap are solving. By plugging immersive software based mobile AR into the largest consumer platforms on the planet, they’re democratizing mobile AR for everyone for free. And free is a good price point. This hasn’t escaped the notice of Tencent in China either. Mark Zuckerberg, Evan Spiegel and Pony Ma didn’t get to where they are by being dummies, and so it is with software based mobile AR. The cool kids There’s another factor in the democratization of mobile AR that Pokémon Go highlighted – demographics. 68% of Pokémon Go users are between 13 and 29 years old. Even though that came from a very specific set of circumstances, it is the largest sample set of mobile AR mass adoption to date. For comparison in terms of major consumer platforms: 88% of Americans from 18 to 29 use Facebook (2/3 of them use Messenger), 76% of US teens own an iPhone (81% want their next phone to be one),  75% of WeChat users are between 20 and 30, and 60% of Snapchat users are between 13 and 24. Spot the pattern? Mobile AR will be adopted by the young. Platforms that can scale mobile AR with 13 to 29 year olds will win. Apple of my eye Tim Cook loves AR, but Apple has been characteristically enigmatic about its plans. We wrote back in January that Apple could launch an AR enabled iPhone this year or next year, with Samsung and others following. But until Tim Cook says “one more thing” about mobile AR, we really don’t know. So let’s think this through. For the last two years we’ve said that Apple is the best-placed of all major tech companies to drive AR, with its end-to-end ecosystem of hardware, software, app store, developers and retail. Combined with iMessage and its renewed push with stickers, an iPhone AR looks like a pretty compelling proposition. But Apple has a problem. Apple. Apple’s closed ecosystem is a huge advantage, but it’s also a weakness. Apple could provide the best and most complete experience for mobile AR, but only for folks who’ve bought a new iPhone AR. Apple expects users to replace iPhones every 3 years, which is a major driver of 200 million plus annual sales. But iPhone 7/7 Plus only makes up around 2/3 of the total. Assuming the iPhone AR is a range-topper that stimulates growth (converting Android users, reducing replacement cycles), we’re looking at an installed base of at first tens and then hundreds of millions of iPhone ARs in a few short years. But Facebook Messenger has 1.2 billion MAU, WeChat has 768 million DAU, Instagram has 400M DAU, WhatsApp Status has 175 million DAU, Snapchat has 160 million DAU. This means it could take Apple well over 5 years to deliver the mobile AR reach Facebook and Tencent potentially have today. Marc Andreessen remains right – software is eating the world. Do androids dream of tangoing sheep? Samsung and Huawei are the largest Android phone makers globally (not forgetting Oppo and Vivo in China), and these two companies could drive the hardware based mobile AR market for the larger Android ecosystem. But Samsung’s S8 and Huawei’s P10 aren’t AR enabled phones, having neither Tango nor their own proprietary AR platforms. So as discussed in January, we’re looking at 2018 as the likely inflection point for Android hardware based mobile AR. There is also the Android ecosystem challenge of the separate Google Play dominating outside China, and a fragmented set of changing players ruling app stores in China. In other words, none of the Android hardware players has the dominant end-to-end mobile AR potential of Apple. Who dares wins Sun Tzu’s “victorious warriors win first, then go to war” is a way of thinking about Mark Zuckerberg kicking off the mobile AR platform war at F8. Facebook’s mobile AR Platform wins outside China. Its user base, platforms (Messenger, Instagram, WhatsApp Status), developer ecosystem, mobile AR developer tools, mobile market experience and financial muscle guarantee its success. Plus Mark Zuckerberg’s got something to prove, justifying his $3 billion entry into VR/AR in the first place (even if that was for a VR company). It’s a really smart move, and it’s going to pay off. Big time. Tencent wins in China. The potential dominance of WeChat mobile AR when launched in China is as exciting as Facebook’s AR Platform outside it. The battle has already kicked off during Chinese New Year with Tencent’s versus Alibaba‘s mobile AR Hongbao (traditional red envelopes filled with cash). But the Alibaba opportunity looks very different, as it will be the AR eCommerce leader in China rather than the mobile AR platform leader. Baidu is also layering its wealth of data on the real world, but it too has a different opportunity to Tencent. Apple could become the dominant and most profitable hardware enabled mobile AR player, scaling from zero to hundreds of millions of iPhone AR users by 2021. This could become the innovation for which Tim Cook is remembered, and potentially lead towards Apple’s long term smartglasses dominance going into the next decade (assuming smartglasses solve their 5 big challenges). Apple has been looking for a catalyst to take it beyond Steve Jobs’ legacy, and this could give it a real chance of becoming a 100 year company. Samsung, Huawei and other phone makers could do very well when they start to sell AR phones, but don’t have Apple’s inherent ecosystem advantages. To do more than maintain the status quo, they might need to invest in or acquire totally new capabilities. Otherwise they could miss out on the profits others will make using their mobile AR phones. Google’s Tango is currently geared to enabling a large open mobile AR ecosystem to drive its core search advertising and Google Play revenues, similarly to its current Android approach. However as with Baidu, the mobile AR opportunity to layer its data on the real world could improve its position. Snap is already in the mobile AR business, even if it doesn’t call it that yet. But with a user base much smaller than Facebook/Instagram/WhatsApp Status and a closed platform, Evan Spiegel might think about copying Mark Zuckerberg for a change. No dog in this fight Microsoft still hasn’t announced any play for mobile AR. They’ve got massive assets in mixed reality (HoloLens) and VR (Windows VR), so it depends on whether they see themselves as a consumer or enterprise company long term. Steve Ballmer’s biggest regret is missing out on mobile. Hopefully mobile AR won’t become Satya Nadella’s. Amazon has also stayed quiet on mobile AR, despite reports of experiments with AR stores. If they’re not already working on it, this might be an area where Jeff Bezos could learn from Jack Ma. Know your enemy, know yourself The battle lines for mobile AR have been drawn, and some of the winners were clear before the first shot was fired. While it’s not too late for incumbents and startups in mobile AR, again in the words of Sun Tzu, “I have heard that in war haste can be folly, but have never seen delay that was wise.” Time to saddle up. [You can read more, including how mobile AR could hit over a billion users and $60 billion revenue by 2021, in Digi-Capital’s new Mobile Augmented Reality Report] (Image credit: Father.io) Related Jobs 2K — Novato, California, United States [05.26.17] SENIOR SERVER ENGINEER VRnam — Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam [05.25.17] UI Unity Programmer Sanzaru Games Inc. — Foster City, California, United States [05.25.17] Environment Artist System Era Softworks — Seattle, Washington, United States [05.25.17] 3D Artist [View All Jobs] 298628 blog /blogs/TimMerel/20170524/298628/The_mobile_AR_platform_war.php 950030 33861403 Loading Comments TECHNOLOGY GROUP Black Hat Content Marketing Institute Content Marketing World Dark Reading Enterprise Connect Fusion GDC Gamasutra HDI ICMI InformationWeek Interop ITX Network Computing No Jitter VRDC COMMUNITIES SERVED Content Marketing Enterprise IT Enterprise Communications Game Development Information Security IT Services & Support WORKING WITH US Advertising Contacts Event Calendar Tech Marketing Solutions Contact Us Licensing Terms of Service Privacy Statement Copyright © 2017 UBM, All rights reserved
Sections Deseret NewsEntertainment Entertainment Utah toddler ‘Unimpressed Chloe’ went viral back in 2013. Here’s what she’s doing now By Brittany Binowski @binowski Published: May 25, 2017 11:05 a.m. Updated: 14 hours ago + Leave a comment 1 of 1 View 1 Item Instagram Chloe poses with her family in front of a Google ad with her face on it. Disneyland isn't for everyone. Two Salt Lake City parents learned that the hard way four years ago when they surprised their two young daughters Lily and Chloe with a trip to Disneyland. In the video that went viral, Lily, 6, can be seen crying tears of joy and relief when her parents told her that she would be forgoing school to enjoy the weekend with family at Disneyland. Her sister, Chloe, however, was not as impressed. In the video, which you can watch below, Chloe, 2, has a rather wooden expression on her face when she hears the news. Comment on this story In the years following the video, Chloe's reaction actually became a meme. But the sisters are back. E! News reported that Chloe and her sister still get opportunities to star in YouTube videos today and even had the opportunity to travel the world. Their most recent trip? Sao Paulo, where the family can be seen posing in front of a Google ad with Chloe's face on it. WE ARE HERE IN BRAZIL!!! Hello!! #saopaulo #google #chloe #hi #lily #katie #david A post shared by Lily & Chloe 👩🏼👧🏼 (@lilyandchloeofficial) on May 22, 2017 at 12:15pm PDT According to FanFest, the family even got a tour of Google's offices and invited to a party the company hosted later on that day. Here are some more photos from their trip, found on their Instagram account. So much fun at the Google party! We are so grateful to Google for bringing us out here for this campaign. It's been a blast! . . . #chloe #google #saopaulo #saopaulocity #lily #fun #youtube A post shared by Lily & Chloe 👩🏼👧🏼 (@lilyandchloeofficial) on May 22, 2017 at 6:20pm PDT Google is amazing! Chloe loves seeing herself on the elevator door and all over #saopaulo! You have a beautiful city! . . . #chloe #google A post shared by Lily & Chloe 👩🏼👧🏼 (@lilyandchloeofficial) on May 22, 2017 at 12:20pm PDT We toured the #google offices in #saopaulo today and had a blast! So many fun things to see AND yummy food! . . . #chloe #saopaulo #google A post shared by Lily & Chloe 👩🏼👧🏼 (@lilyandchloeofficial) on May 22, 2017 at 2:25pm PDT Look who we spotted at Parque do Povo! It's Chloe!! #saopaulo #family #mom #chloe #lily #dad A post shared by Lily & Chloe 👩🏼👧🏼 (@lilyandchloeofficial) on May 24, 2017 at 11:21am PDT For all the new followers I'm Katie 👋🏼 (the mom) and I run the account for the girls. It's been a crazy fee days but we are having a blast here in #saopaulo. I think I've gained like 8 pounds eating ALLLL the food. The girls are loving the Brazilian culture and food too. Everyone here has been so kind and gracious. Thank you and welcome!! #lily #chloe #mom #eats #family #saopaulo A post shared by Lily & Chloe 👩🏼👧🏼 (@lilyandchloeofficial) on May 24, 2017 at 9:39am PDT Having a little down time at the hotel. Books, coloring and barbies . . #brazil #saopaulo #chloe #lily A post shared by Lily & Chloe 👩🏼👧🏼 (@lilyandchloeofficial) on May 23, 2017 at 1:22pm PDT Getting makeup and hair done for the photoshoot! @sevenmgt . #lily #chloe #saopaulo A post shared by Lily & Chloe 👩🏼👧🏼 (@lilyandchloeofficial) on May 23, 2017 at 10:35am PDT Brittany Binowski Brittany Binowski is a writer for DeseretNews.com. @binowski bbinowski@deseretdigital.com Add a comment Like that? Read this. Family 14 hours ago What parents should know about 'Anne With an E' Sponsored by Utah Association of Realtors 5 pitfalls to avoid when buying a condo or townhouse Family 18 hours ago 'Fablehaven' author Brandon Mull receives visit from 13-year-old Polish fan Podcasts The Deseret News Silicon Slopes Hour An in-depth look inside Utah's growing startup and tech community. Rise & Shout The best in conversation about BYU sports. Fan talk, analysis and complete nonsense. BLEEP: The Podcast A celebration and discussion of all things geek. All awesome, all clean. The PopuList 1 Ringling Bros. owner: Final shows are 'a celebration' 2 UK police: 'a number of fatalities' at Grande concert 3 Older Americans want Medicare to pay for long-term care 4 Only true Star Wars fans will understand these 25 hilarious memes 5 9 Utah chocolate makers talk about their craft View all most Commented 126 Dick Harmon: Why do talented BYU teams struggle to win when it matters most? 63 Frustrated Utah Republicans, Democrats form new centrist political party 51 Fraying social fabric hurting nation's economy, Sen. Mike Lee says 44 BYU football receives commitment from Ty Detmer's nephew, 2018 Texas QB Zadock Dinkelmann 40 Morning links: Cougars, Utes predicted to have top 25 defenses; RSL has a top ranked academy 37 Letter: Lack of intelligent editorials 34 Morning links: Patrick, Dimick, Nacua, Brown profiled; Utes strength of schedule ranked 33 Report: 23M more to be uninsured, $834B in Medicaid spending to be slashed under AHCA Friday, May, 26, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 33 Plus 1 on G+ 105 Share on Facebook 85 Share on Twitter Total Shares223 Applications Google Google has been improving Gboard with the same type of tools it uses for speech recognition: machine learning. The budding technology is rapidly becoming a ubiquitous method for improving results and performance. If a network can be trained to accurately accomplish something in a performant way, odds are you'll see it introduced to any product it can be applied to. Gboard and text-input as a whole are no different, and we are reaping the benefits of improved corrections and predictions every time we swipe out a low-accuracy message to a friend. But how do these improvements work? This is going to be a pretty technical post, and I'm going to do my best to simplify things to a level where everyone can enjoy the subject. All of this is based on a recent Google Research blog post. If you are really into machine learning and you already know what every term I might use means, the source link is probably the best place for you to learn about the cool new stuff in Gboard. If, however, you think you might want a few of the concepts or terms explained, then this article might be the place for you. Google's latest research blog post is all about one thing: Gboard. The authors talk about some of the new features that were shown off at I/O, like the transliteration tools for typing in a language you might only have a phonetic familiarity with. But the biggest things discussed in the article relate to how input is determined, and the models and math that determine which swipes equate to which words, and how to most accurately correct mistakes. The two solutions Google has found revolve around its neural spatial models for processing input, and finite-state transducers for state progression to accurately determine content. These sound like complex ideas, but their cleverness can be explained. Input Neural spatial models are just a fancy way of saying machine learning applied to any space. For instance, the physical Gboard keyboard layout itself. When we type, we sometimes type wrong. And when we swipe, we sometimes swipe wrong. I might have meant to drag over "P" for this word, but I only made it to O. That's where these neural spatial models come in handy. They are able to determine probabilities for which letters you meant to hit based on physical proximity of input, as well as predictive models based on trained corrections. Originally, Gboard used a Gaussian model, combed with a set of simple rules. That's a fancy way of saying it used physical proximity in a sort of bell-curve out from a given key, combined with a basic understanding of certain common errors. The developers have replaced the older Gaussian and rule-based model with an LSTM, or long short-term memory model, trained by a CTC, or connectionist temporal classification. Big somewhat scary acronyms, but they're actually pretty simple ideas. A long short-term memory is a particular kind of neural net ideal for use in applications of intermittent or unknown event/time latencies, and Google has previously used these for speech recognition, the Google Assistant, and Google Translate. A connectionist temporal classification is a specific method of training a neural network. After all, a neural network is nothing without data to derive weighted triggers and values from. In this case, it means segmenting data input to the network by time and allowing the network to retroactively refer to input, states, and output before and after the current set. To further simplify, it means referring to data at many stages of analysis from multiple periods of time, increasing the value of context in the network's training. To pull data for training, Google used data sets comprised of information collected when users opt-in to share snippets, and set reverted corrections and suggestions as negative signals, and accepted corrections or suggestions as positive. To help visualize how it might work, we have this image. In the above, the left represents individual data points from the word "could" as swiped on Gboard. The right is a normalized temporal data for the same swiped input. By being able to refer to the probable center of an input, in temporal context with inputs that came before and after, we can tell that the overall path means "Could" even if we might not have hit a couple of letters quite right. Google was further able to adapt some of its speech recognition tools and data and apply it to corrections and suggestions in Gboard, optimizing things over iterations with a heavy dose of Tensorflow to increase the speed of analysis and output and decrease the number of errors. All that is well and good, but Google can also leverage the rules of a language to enhance predictions. As a basic example, consider: If you tapped O-T instead of I-T, Gboard can look at its dictionary and determine that "OT" isn't something you are likely to input, but that the similar "IT" is a word. Furthermore, "I" is physically close to "O," so you probably meant "IT." Easy. Well, Google is able to do a similar but improved sort thing via what is called a finite-state transducer. Processing To vastly over-simplify, a finite-state transducer, in this case, means an order of operations for processing input. The operational flow above shows the various stages of potential input for the words "I," "I've," and "If." In this image input at each stage comes before the ":" (with ε representing nothing as either input or output), and potential outputs are shown after the ":" as they each become logical. So we start having input the letter "i." From the top path we can see, if there is no additional input, then "I" is the correct output. If an apostrophe or space follows, followed by the letter "v," then "I've" is the likely output. If the letter "f" follows, then "If" is the likely output. The final two flows at the bottom return to start. You can think of it as just a series of rules for input and output. Google is able to use these same tools at other scales. For instance, developers can create these logical chains for whole words and their contexts, combined with the spatial models above and statistical likelihoods for possible inputs. These tools also apply to the transliteration features that were shown off at I/O. By implementing those same workflows and networks towards phonetically spelled input, it can guess what characters or words in another language you might mean. For anyone that might speak a language, but not know how to spell it, that's pretty cool. Unfortunately, if you can't read the language, you aren't really in a position to know if what it's typing is right or wrong, but it's still a useful tool. Output Gboard and machine learning are both pretty fantastically interesting and complex subjects. I hope our simplification of the tools behind it has helped you understand a bit more behind how it all works. It's useful to have knowledge about how the things we use on a daily basis work, not just in an abstract sense for intellectual fulfillment, but to provide us with a base for troubleshooting when things might go wrong. Now when GBoard makes seemingly odd recommendations, you might have a small idea as to why. Source: Google Tags AI autocorrect gboard machine learning neural networks predictive keyboard video subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon's LG K8 V is getting an update to Android 7.0 Nougat ... Next Story Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more ... Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments KlausWillSeeYouNow Despite all this, Gboard is total and utter shit at predicting what it is I'm trying to say. It's also buggy and crashy as hell. I switched to SwiftKey and haven't looked back. elijahblake it is very, very, very, bad at predicting correct words.. I do miss swiftkey sometimes. I guess i'm just hanging in there hoping the gboard starts learning. Just today instead of "this" it put "thoe" Dennis Ulijn I accidentally typed htought and it corrected it to brought instead of thought... Like... Why?! dimm0k I've mentioned this before... prior to the change of name to Gboard when it was Google Keyboard, the prediction was actually decent! since the name change however I agree that the prediction has been pretty crappy! words that I've typed pretty often still get mistaken for some other random word that doesn't even work in the sentence I'm typing out! JD I'm not the only one the noticed. That since the GBoard change it's turned to shit. When it was Google Keyboard it was neck and neck with Swiftkey David Thoren That's interesting.. I've never really used the prediction to type with, I just swipe through without looking, so I can't really speak to that.. But I have never seen Gboard crash or even get unstable. KlausWillSeeYouNow Gboard is totally unstable on my LG V20. Maybe it's just something specific to my device – but only recent versions of Gboard have had this issue for me. I miss the days of Google Keyboard, a stable product that actually worked. gv Haven't had any stability problems with g'board; don't think it's even crashed once on my axon7. But then again, it doesn't work worth a damn either, so is that really such an accomplishment? KlausWillSeeYouNow Yeah. Amen. Sounds like you and I should have a beer sometime. We clearly feel the same about Gboard. gv You can apply all the fancy machine learning you want, doesn't change that gv is total shit at predicting swiped words... it's so bad that I've gone back to swype despite it being a resource hog and slow. My favorite thing is you'll swipe a word, and gv will take a guess and be really wrong. So you'll back over it, swipe it again and gv will guess the EXACT SAME WORD. So you'll back over it, swipe it again, and gv will now be so sure that it won't offer *any* alternative suggestions (even though the alternative suggestions were also wrong) the third time. Machine learning, my ass! Machine stupidity; if it wasn't the correct word the first or second time you can be damn sure it's not the correct word the third time! So then you type in the word you actually want, and next sentence you need the same word. Idiot gv then suggests the original word AGAIN when you swipe it. Machine learning, my ass! At least swype is smart enough to know that if you just used a word it didn't swype in correctly, next time you swype something close to that (even if you didn't permanently add it to the dictionary) that's likely the word you wanted! KlausWillSeeYouNow AMEN! PREACH! I second this. It's so annoying. You said it better than I ever could, pal. Whatever Gboard's doing, it isn't working. Carson Saldanha I'm even on the beta on my 2014 Nexus 6 and it's running just fine--no crashes or anything. blahmoomoo If they can one day figure out when I mean to say "if" or "of", I'll be happy. It feels like less of a problem recently, but it still happens sometimes... Lare2 The problem I have with Gboard is that when you write on two languages and forget to change the language, over the time, it will start suggesting words on the wrong language. Rod This. On the other hand, Swiftkey handles languages nicely. h4rr4r It does this to me constantly. What I hate is that enabling a language for this requires adding its keyboard. For languages with the same alphabet but different layout it is really annoying. big_al77 I love gboard. Best keyboard for a while now Miku is Best Vocaloid I started using it as soon as they added bilingual prediction. Ha hecho mi vida mucho más fácil. Joseph Walker Home-based mom Kelly Richards from New York City after giving up from her full time work managed to get paid from 26000 dollars-28000 dollars a month from freelancing in the house... This is how she working it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Cynthiajchester Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sb192c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sb192c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs482ShopFinanceGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sb192c:....,........ Max I always used it anyways but that was a looooong awaited addition for me! Ahora puedo escribir mis mensajes en spanglish sin problemas :) matteventu And why the hell when I write in Italian it often tells me "Download now the Portuguese dictionary" (or some shit like that) as a tip? Can't it understand that I'm writing in Italian, with also the Italian dictionary set up? Lare2 It's​ doing the same to me when typing in Spanish. Stu I've finally made the switch from fleksy to gboard. Not the smoothest transition but there are some pluses. I just wish that when I turned off auto capitalization it worked for everything and not just the first letter of a sentence. Wouldn't mind if it knew that punctuation went at the end of the last word, even if I put a space already (like with commas). Would also be nice if when I added words to the dictionary it knew better when to suggest them or auto add them. Even when I add shortcuts in the dictionary I still have to type very deliberately, add apostrophes myself, etc. My name is…. A far lesser keyboard to Swiftkey. Mike Each have their pros and cons, I personally prefer Gboard for it's speed but Swiftkey has more features going for it. KlausWillSeeYouNow There's nothing fast about having to correct nearly every word Gboard predicts or swipes wrong. It will change correctly typed words, like "got," to stuff that can neither be contextually nor structurally related, like "hey." It was just like torture. I wanted to love Gboard but couldn't :( Aaron I want to love Gboard still. Just couldn't keep using Swiftkey after after the MS buyout. KlausWillSeeYouNow Why? It's not like it has Outlook built in or anything. Prezes Dyrektor Because Microsoft spying on us is evil, and Google or Facebook for example are fair and righteous /s Aaron IDK. My ever growing disdain for Windows has expanded to all Microsoft products. It's not necessarily rational. Brandon Giesing I'm pretty sure they mean speed as in it doesn't lag your whole device like SwiftKey does. Yeah you do waste more time technically because correcting stuff non-stop but Gboard is definitely faster than SwiftKey when it comes to not lagging. KlausWillSeeYouNow I've had the exact opposite experience. Everything about SwiftKey is faster. Gboard is a lagfest. Dmitry Stepanushkin Sure some people will use swipe input, but I prefer tap, especially for English keyboard, it's much faster for me, and swipe feels unreliable. Mike I try to Swype all the time and it just feels like I'm wasting time versus just tapping. Christopher Bement Swiping is way faster for me. tlogank Gboard kills the battery on my S7 for some reason. I get more alerts about it eating my battery up than any other app. Wish that wasn't the case because it's my favorite keyboard, but I can't keep using it as is. Carson Saldanha Try setting the theme to black AMOLED. I know that shouldn't be the fix and probably won't fully fix it, but it'll for sure help a little and will only take a while until you get used to the look. tlogank I'm getting notices for it even when I'm not using it. It's like doing stuff in the background or something. Carson Saldanha Strange. Have you tried a reinstall? Christopher Bement What have you tried in an attempt to fix it? tlogank Not much besides uninstalling and reinstalling it. Doesn't seem to help for more than a day. Druter Gboard is one of the most inaccurate keyboards on the Play store right now. Sometimes it almost seems as if it's trying to make typing as full of errors as possible. I have taken to reading everything two or three times to catch the errors and it still manages to sneak some in there. I do not have confidence enough in Gboard to type even short sentences and hit send without proofreading. If this is machine learning, the machine needs to go back to school Captain_Invisible Yup! It is by far the worst correction I have ever experienced in a keyboard. I can press all the right letters for a word (that makes complete sense) just to have it "correct" to another word... obk88 just used it for about a week its very intriguing...using gifs, doing quick search from the keyboard and also used the translation option...but typing is just more effortless on swfitkey. Prediction is better on swiftkey, no suggestions in chrome or other apps is really annoying & gliding isnt as smooth...google is going in the right direction but this app still needs work...for now im back on swfitkey but keeping an eye on gboard for sure gv gboard may have machine learning algorithms, but they suck out loud. The ONLY thing it has going for it is launch speed. Other than that, it's far slower because it mis-predicts what word I'm swiping nearly 85% of the time. Seriously, I was swiping a text the other day and it didn't swipe a correct word. Eventually wound up thumbing the message just so I could talk! tehboogieman One of my biggest issues with Gboard is the inconsistency of whole word delete when swipe typing. I recently discovered there is a swipe backspace feature that I haven't read about anywhere that partially makes up for it, but I wish they would make the experience more consistent. If AP hasn't mentioned it yet it might be post worthy. I like a lot of the other improvements that Gboard has over the previous Google/AOSP keyboard. I've noticed a lot of improvements in text correction that takes a little getting used to, where it actually corrects groups of words or phrases in some situations. Still annoyed that I can't sync with my other devices just because I have one GSuite account EH101 The GSuite thing pisses me off. And it's not even the 'main' account. Martin AP wrote about the "delete whole words by sliding from backspace" thing back when it was introduced a year ago, but then the keyboard was still called Google Keyboard. Ailín Ó’S SwiftKey will remain my goto however. Nathan J And yet, they still can't tell the difference between to and too, or insist I meant CSV when I trace type "can." Rod Great post! Amarus Kh I've been trying Gboard for four weeks now since I got a new phone, but I just can't get myself to like it. I find it annoying that it doesn't show suggestions in many types of input fields (e.g. my email address in user fields, chrome search/address bar, etc.), swiping is unreliable most of the time, predictions are rarely relevant and don't seem to have improved with use, and so on. I'm going back to Swype. Dave i use texpand for emails h4rr4r Can machine learning add the rest of the keys to the keyboard? xphyle Swiftkey for the Win. Samson In German no sign of improvement so far. F4LL0U7 That's really great, but they still haven't fixed the bug where you can't open the emoji gallery when using a physical bluetooth keyboard. ChrisHigs Most of the time i find it pretty good, but occasionally *is* it's frustrating. Sometimes it won't suggest the word I want when I am *doing* swiping directly over the letters of the word but suggests *stone* some other *weird* word. Like cos. No chips. No I want chips. Grr. Cos. No again. Cos cos cos cos cos cos. What I was trying to type was "chops" but it won't let me. Surrey Street Surrey Surrey Street Surrey. Why won't it recognise "suet". Flip, grr, flip, no, flop *send* seems another tricky *I've* one. I'm not going over the i but it suggests flip instead of flop half the time. This is all *speed* swiped on gboard and the asterisks are incorrect suggestions it made. Martin Now if only Gboard could understand that when I type "har" ("have" in Swedish), I don't mean "här" or "hår" ("here" and "hair", respectively). Had I been using an English keyboard layout it would have been understandable, but with a Swedish layout Å and Ä are separate keys on the opposite side of the keyboard, meaning that I really, really didn't go anywhere near those letters. SwiftKey had the same problem, but fixed it many years ago. Kevin I'd consider gboard among the worst for autocorrect. Example: I type "if I spell" googles three auto corrects from left to right is spell, spelling and spelled. When is "if I spelling" ever right? And why is that center? Swiftkey however, from left to right; spelled, spell, and spell it. All improved and in an order that makes the most sense. xyz And a Happy Holi to you too, machine. Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 113 queries | 0.360s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS SME Sector LATEST NEWS Donald Trump plans to sell off half of oil stockpile sparks debate Quiet college dropout turned bomber: Who was Salman Abedi? Big drop in US oil stocks finally on the way, traders say Mark Zuckerberg urges Harvard grads to build a world of 'purpose' View: Jobs are Modi's central mission, and he's failing. Read how Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz SME Sector Startups Policy & Trends Biz Listings Entrepreneurship Money Security-Tech TechnologySecurity Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleLegalSmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›SME Sector 10:02 AM | 26 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,862111.50 NIFTY 50 9,53827.95 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,648-65.0 USD/INR 64.60-0.03 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Digitally-engaged SMBs grow twice in comparison to offline: Google-KPMG study By Viney Sharma , ET Bureau | May 25, 2017, 10.19 PM IST Post a Comment Digitally-engaged businesses are able to grow their customer base significantly with 52% catering to customers beyond their home city versus only 29% offline. Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You CHANDIGARH: To empower small and medium businesses, Google India today showcased a range of programs and products in Chandigarh region for the SMBs through which they can leverage the power of internet and technology to become successful. At an event held in the city today, Google announced the North region winners of SMB Heroes 2017, a nationwide program to showcase and celebrate small and medium businesses that have embraced the internet to power their growth. Entries from as many as 142 cities were received for the award. The three winners from the North region were: Farida Gupta for Business Innovation through Digital; Pen Pundit for Woman Business Leader; and TabLab for Impacting Change through Digital. The winners will now contest in the national finals to be held in Delhi later this year. Felicitating the winners, Google Director - Marketing Solutions, Shalini Girish said: "India now has 400 million internet users, and this has had a transformational impact on how people consume information, connect with one another and find businesses. We see the internet as a great democratising force that breaks down barriers of language and location. The business journeys of the SMB Heroes winners are a great testament to this, as each of them have leveraged technology to address challenges and grow their businesses." Emphasising the need to focus on building the technology capabilities of Indian SMBs, Google shared findings from a joint research study with KPMG titled 'Impact of Internet and digitisation on SMBs in India'. The study reiterates that 68 per cent of the 51 million Indian SMBs are offline; and, digitally engaged SMBs grow twice as fast compared to offline SMBs. According to the report, digitally-engaged businesses are able to grow their customer base significantly with 52 per cent catering to customers beyond their home city versus only 29 per cent offline. Highlighting the macro-economic impact of the internet, the research found that rising penetration and greater uptake for digital by SMBs could help increase their contribution to India's GDP by 10 percentage points, taking it up to 46-48 per cent by 2020. The report cites the lack of understanding of the benefits of digital technologies and technical skills as the essential reasons for being offline. Recognising the need to address this gap, Google India commenced Digital Unlocked -- an online, offline and mobile training program to empower thousands of Indian SMBs with essential digital skills. On Thursday, Google India hosted a training workshop in Chandigarh, where over 60 local small businesses were certified on a range of topics including building a digital campaign and using web analytics, among others. The Digital Unlocked program has been designed keeping the varied learning needs of the millions of businesses in India. The offline training is being conducted in partnership with FICCI and over the next three years, 5,000 workshops will be held across 40 Indian cities. The online training comprises a set of 90 self-paced video tutorials, curated specifically for India and is available free of charge. The tutorials cover a comprehensive set of topics ranging from building a web presence and driving online growth to reaching customers over mobile and video. The training are certified by Google, Indian School of Business and FICCI. Since its launch in January 2017, over 13,000 businesses are now certified. Further, for India's mobile-first audience, Google has recently launched, Primer- a free mobile app designed to teach digital marketing skills in a quick, easy and interactive way. It is available for download through the Google play and iOS store. Primer also works offline and is available in English and Hindi with Tamil, Telugu and Marathi versions coming shortly. In the last few months, Primer has been downloaded over 1.5 million times. At the event, Google also previewed "My Business Website" - aimed at equipping the vast majority of small businesses with a simple way to start their digital journey by creating a free, mobile optimized website - easily and instantly. Available for Google My Business users later in the year, this new feature will provide simple, templated, editable websites for small businesses created from their data and photos on Google Maps. My Business Website will be available in English, Hindi, Bengali, Telugu, Marathi, Tamil, Urdu, Gujarati, Kannada, and Malayalam. Over 120,000 Indian businesses are now part of the pilot rollout program. Comments(0)Add Comments Digitally-engaged SMBs grow twice in comparison to offline: Google-KPMG study To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Google warns of email scam that impersonates Google Docs Google launches Solve for India program Coursera collaborates with Google to offer Google Cloud Training courses Google selects six Indian startups for accelerator programme Google's Rajan Anandan is now IAMAI Chairman READ MORE ONSMB HeroesSMBKPMGGoogle IndiaGoogleDigital Unlocked Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Find Software Compatible With Windows 10 On Our Directory Microsoft The Most Daring Dresses on the Cannes Red Carpet Livingly June's Netflix Releases Will Blow Your Socks Off! The BrofessionalMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Amazon explores offline channel to clear stock Paytm buys Shopsity for offline boost Mobikwik wants to add financial services & offline companies From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Doctor Q&A: How Do Biologics Treat My Crohn’s Disease? HealthCentral.com The Right Mindset for Testing Intel Never Underestimate The Impact of Recycling Windshields Safelite This Warship Is An Enemies Worst Nightmare History In Orbit Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Nearly 73% Indians book hotel rooms on mobiles: Study Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Better than Jio? This startup can end your Internet speed woes Return Filing - Under GST, this is how you will file tax returns from July 1 Indian richie rich saddened by Tesla Model 3's delayed India entry Government enlarges startup definition, benefits to now flow for 7 years Ex-employees petition Snapdeal; fear their esops may go worthless More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live|Salman Khan GST Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Yesterday AAPL: 153.87 0.53 Facebook adding Apple News support to Instant Article tools to increase adoption Zac Hall - May. 25th 2017 9:47 am PT @apollozac Apple News View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Facebook introduced its Instant Article format for publishers two years ago as a way to make loading content in the News Feed much faster, but the format hasn’t been adopted as widely as the social network had hoped. Now Facebook is rolling out new tools for publishers to make Instant Articles compatible with Apple News and Google AMP formats. Sony A6500 Facebook says it has heard from publishers that supporting multiple formats like Google AMP, Apple News, and Instant Articles can require a lot of upfront work. Facebook’s solution is adding a new export option for publishers to use when creating Instant Articles that works with Apple News and Google AMP. The updated SDK transforms the markup publishers use to create Instant Articles to generate the code needed to build these other formats, removing what we’ve heard can be a resource-heavy step in publishing on multiple platforms. With an easy way to get from one markup format to another, publishers can then plug-and-play the markup in their content management systems or third party publishing tools. Publishers will still need to put in the work to support Instant Articles, but Facebook is hoping that working with Apple News and Google AMP will push publishers to play ball. Google AMP support is also live now, and Facebook says Apple News “will be ready in the coming weeks as we learn how these tools can best support our partners.” For its part, Apple has had its own challenges with The Guardian recently pulling out of both Apple News and Facebook Instant Articles last month. Apple shared last fall that its News app hit 70 million users. Apple News is pre-installed to iPhones and iPads but only available in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia. Publishers can read more about the Instant Articles SDK Extension here. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news! Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Apple News View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Don't Miss: CW@50: Vint Cerf's 'love affair' with tech Windows 10 Redstone: A guide to the builds Excel 2016 cheat sheet Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. For enterprise protection, antivirus software is no longer enough Read CW’s May digital magazine! How Veritas is getting its cloud on Buyers’ Guide: Prices dropping for data visualization software More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Android Android Intelligence By JR Raphael, Contributing Editor, Computerworld | May 25, 2017 9:32 AM PT About | Not your average Android news -- a diverse mix of advice, insight, and analysis with veteran Android journalist JR Raphael. Try it with margarine for a low-cal treat! Android Expert Profiles How I Use Android: Droid Life founder Kellen Barranger One of the pioneering forces in Android blogging offers up some insight on how Google's mobile technology keeps him organized and efficient. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: JR Raphael More like this How I Use Android: Material Podcast host and UX designer Yasmine Evjen How I Use Android: Evie Launcher founder and Twitter Cards creator Russ d'Sa Get to know the Premier 100 Class of 2017 Video Review: BlackBerry's KEYone phone brings back the keyboard Android Expert Profiles How I Use Android: Droid Life founder... How I Use Android: Evie Launcher... How I Use Android: Material Podcast... How I Use Android: Android Wear and... How I Use Android: EvolveSMS and Talon... How I Use Android: Android Central... How I Use Android: Google designer and... How I Use Android: Pujie Black creator... Awesome Android Home Screens: The... How I Use Android: Franco.Kernel and... Show More Gather 'round, kiddos, 'cause it's time to travel back to the Good Ol' Days of Android. Way back when in 2009, you see, Android was a mere babe -- an infant just barely learning to crawl. It's hard to even imagine now, but at that point, most publications weren't writing about Android in any detailed sense. It wasn't its own "beat" or cause for a column; it was simply another bullet point in the broader mobile spectrum that warranted an occasional news article here and there. That fall, everything changed. Motorola's original Droid came crashing into the world, and suddenly Android was more than just a geek-targeted curiosity. Sales numbers for Android devices started skyrocketing, and -- much as some folks refused to acknowledge the burgeoning trends at the time -- it was the beginning of something big. Back in the days before everyone was covering Android and 20 million Android-focused blogs were online, Kellen Barranger had his eye on the prize. Then a healthcare company "procurement specialist" (yes, apparently that's a real thing), Kellen saw something special in Android's humble beginnings. When that first Droid phone launched, he was inspired to start a small enthusiast blog while working from home a couple days a week. He called it Droid Life. jr An early version of droid-life.com The site, much like Android itself, exploded -- and within a matter of months, Kellen (known simply as "Kellex" to many of his site's followers) ditched his day job and started treating the blog like a full-time business. He hasn't looked back since. Those of us who have followed Android for long know Droid Life as one of the pioneering forces in the Android-covering community and one of the longest standing independent outlets focused on the platform today. Kellen and his crew have built the blog up from a tiny one-person effort into a full-fledged editorial operation -- one that continues to attract a loyal and sizeable audience and one whose voice has become increasingly authoritative and influential over the years. As we wrap up a monumental month of Google news and gear up for yet another new Android release, it seems only appropriate to catch up with Kellen and learn a little bit about how he uses Android in his own day-to-day life. After all, whether Android is a personal passion or a business tool for you, there's always something interesting about seeing how someone else makes the most of the platform. And you never know what useful nugget of info you might take away and be able to apply to your own Android setup. So let's get to it, shall we? In his own words, this is how Kellen Barranger uses Android. The basics Your current primary phone: Because I'm constantly testing something new, during those times where I'm not, I actually continue to switch between a small rotation of phones. I know that's a bit odd or neurotic, but I think I find some comfort in changing rather than fully settling in. Or maybe that's just how my brain functions after all these years of doing this. I think it also allows me to stay fully open and honest to whatever I'm testing because I don't have a true fallback. Either way, my current rotation that's up-to-date when I'm not reviewing a phone includes the regular Pixel, OnePlus 3T, and Moto Z Play. Not to get too into the why of each or we might be here all week, but the Pixel I love for the camera, size, and that super clean, as-new-as-you-can-get software experience. For the OnePlus 3T, it's much of the same (now that OnePlus has been decent about updates), plus I love that they expand Google's clean vision for Android by adding on useful tweaks and features. As for the Moto Z Play...that battery life. What case is on your phone (if any): I haven't really used a case in years. I'm the type that enjoys phone design and thinks that's a big piece of a phone's story. If you cover up every phone, then aren't you just going from one display to another? What's new and fun about that? I'm clearly in the minority, though, as three quarters of our readers told us recently and loudly that they use a case. Your current tablet (if any): Not that I was ever a big tablet user to begin with, but I almost never touch a tablet anymore. If I do, it's during travel and I then just load it up with movies or shows. The tablet I use for that is a Nexus 9 because it still gets updates, and spending money on another tablet doesn't exactly strike me as a good purchase. Wait, is anyone even making tablets to upgrade to these days? Your current smartwatch (if any): Please don't judge me, but the original Tag Heuer Connected is the smartwatch I use the most. We picked one up for review because we weren't sure if Tag Heuer would even do review units and we also thought it might be a fun test to take on a smartwatch this ridiculously expensive. As it turns out, it's still one of the best performing, best looking smartwatches I've ever used, and it received Wear 2.0 faster than almost everyone. Is it worth that $1,500? Hah, probably not. But it's a really good smartwatch. What face you're using on your watch right now: For a while, I was really into making my own with Facer's Creator tool because I like ultra-minimal faces in most situations and could never find many in my style. Why not do it myself? Kellen Barranger Now, with Wear 2.0 on the Tag Connected, Tag introduced its own Studio tool that lets you customize some of its classic watch designs. So that's where I'm at with one of their classic Heuer Carrera chronograph faces. As a fan of mechanical watches and their history, this is a fun way to modernize it. Kellen Barranger The home screen A quick walk-through of your phone's home screen setup: I'm a minimalist and a single-screen user for the most part. On every phone I use, I set up the first home screen with a row of apps in the dock, no matter which launcher I have, followed by two rows above it. Kellen Barranger One of those rows tends to have folders that are separated into colorfully named categories of favorite apps. The other has individual apps that don't fit into a category or that I just like having quick access to. Kellen Barranger It's boring, but this setup works well because it's efficient. I've had phones set up like this for a couple of years, so the muscle memory of knowing where each app lives is certainly there. I don't mess around with widgets because a quick launch of the apps I've set up gets me the info I need pretty quickly. What launcher you're using: Since I'm rotating between three mostly stock Android phones, I'm just on the Pixel or Google Now Launchers. They are clean and simple, plus they have Google Now a swipe away. If I'm using a Samsung or LG phone, then it's Nova Launcher immediately. Those two companies just can't do a quality launcher, plus their icons are typically not my style -- so I need Nova to be able to do that swap, too. What wallpaper you're using: The wallpaper you see in my Pixel screenshots is a photo I took with the Pixel on a recent trip up to Seattle that I then heavily filtered to give it proper wallpaper pop. Kellen Barranger When I'm not trying to sneak in my own photos, I turn to an app called Frame that pulls in daily high-res photos from Unsplash. Those do a nice job of making things pretty while also reminding me that there so many incredible photographers out there. Anything else of note (interesting customizations, special icons, etc): There was a time when I was much more interesting in this department, but finding the time to fully customize a phone just isn't easy to do with a 3-year-old running around. I will say that this icon pack called Magme that I used recently on the G6 with Nova is quite good. I tend to find icon packs that offer plenty of alternate colorways of icons and different variations of icons for the same apps. This one does that while sticking close enough to Google's Material style. The experience and the apps What's one of your favorite Android-related tips or tricks? I use Google's location-based reminders almost daily, and they almost always involve some form of "Remind me to look up this or that when I get home." For whatever reason, whether it's a song you hear or a restaurant you drive by or a car you see that you want to know more about or an errand you need to run later, I always think of or find these things while in the car and then forget them by the time I'm home. To fix that, Google is there. Smart Lock is another of those phone tricks I always turn to. The two options I use are Trusted Places and Trusted Devices. I don't want to have to scan my fingerprint or enter in a pattern when sitting at my work desk, on my couch, or in my car, so I make sure all of those items are involved in Smart Lock. Beyond the obvious stock Google programs, a few apps you can't live without right now (and a quick word about why): As I've continued to become a smart home addict (Hue, August, Nest, and Ring products are all in here), I've realized that controlling a smart home, even with Google Home units throughout my house, is frustrating. Because I get sick of maintaining six or seven different apps for each or Google Home not getting my requests right, I picked up a Wink smart hub. I now control everything from the Wink app, like shutting down my house or waking it up with the touch of a single button. AfterShip is another app I can't live without, since I get so many packages delivered to my house. Even though I subscribe to MyUPS and those services ping me through email, I like being able to see every single package in one place without having to hunt for those emails with status updates. The other app I've recently become re-addicted to is Untappd. I love beer and realized that keeping track of them all isn't a bad idea. Check out more Android expert profiles in the official Google+ collection -- and stay tuned for even more entries in the weeks to come! Icons in title image courtesy of Freepik and Madebyoliver at flaticon.com. Related: Android Mobile & Wireless Smartphones Contributing Editor JR Raphael serves up tasty morsels about the human side of technology. Hungry for more? Visit JRStart.com or join him on Twitter or Google+. Follow Computerworld's IT Salary Survey 2017 results Android Expert Profiles Previous Next Currently reading How I Use Android: Droid Life founder Kellen Barranger How I Use Android: Evie Launcher founder and Twitter Cards... How I Use Android: Material Podcast host and UX designer... How I Use Android: Android Wear and independent Google... How I Use Android: EvolveSMS and Talon developer Luke... How I Use Android: Android Central Editor Emeritus Phil... How I Use Android: Google designer and engineer Roman Nurik How I Use Android: Pujie Black creator Paul Ivan Awesome Android Home Screens: The Googley Hexagon How I Use Android: Franco.Kernel and Focus creator... Awesome Android Home Screens: The Chrome Phone How I Use Android: Fenix developer and Twitter whisperer... Awesome Android Home Screens: The Sliding Stacker How I Use Android: Pocket Casts developer Russell Ivanovic How I Use Android: Google Keep product manager Mario Anima How I Use Android: 'All About Android' host Jason Howell How I Use Android: Writer and Android Intelligence author... How I Use Android: Google engineer and USB-C crusader... How I Use Android: Gmail app product manager Matthew Izatt How I Use Android: Falcon Pro and Twitter developer Joaquim... How I Use Android: Nova Launcher developer Kevin Barry How I Use Android: Action Launcher developer Chris Lacy How I Use Android: App designer and Android blogger Liam... How I Use Android: YouTube sensation Marques Brownlee How I Use Android: Developer, writer, and podcaster Gina... How I Use Android: Android VP Brian Rakowski How I Use Android: SwiftKey bigwig Joe Braidwood How I Use Android: Open source superstar Jean-Baptiste... How I Use Android: Android Wear Engineering Director David... You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
Skip to content menu BLOG Articles Tools SEO Infographics NEWS FREE STUFF Free Ebooks Free Themes WORDPRESS Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Search in posts Search in pages Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Get PDF Articles Web Design 20+ Premium Education HTML5 Themes For Schools, Universities, Online Courses to Choose in 2016 By Irene Fatyanovaaccess_time 8 months ago chat_bubble_outline2 5/5 (5) It's never too late to learn! More and more people of different ages enroll in colleges and universities these days. Knowledge is available both online and offline. So, what do you need to share learning materials or promote your educational facility on the web? That's right - a solid online medium. Take a look at our selection of 21 premium HTML5 themes for educational resources!  All templates in this batch have a vast range of standard and extra features. They are all 100% responsive thus will perfectly render on any screen size. Check out our impressive collection of HTML5 templates to choose the best for your website! Langerba Website Template Langebra is just the thing for language teaching centers. It will make your school stand out from the competition. This item has an attractive design in material style. It has plenty of illustrations that will spark people's attention.   This education html5 template has features that will let you communicate with your customers. Contact Form and Newsletter Subscription are just a few to mention. Google Map feature will help people find you offline in case they want to visit your school. This educational website template will help you sell your services with ease! Eva I. The best support team! Templatemonster has the best support team, they are always please to help and they will answer all your questions until you are entirely satisfied! Demo | More Info High School Education Website Template Progress is a great education website template for a high school, college or university. This theme includes a number of features to help you create a one of a kind online resource. Built with valid code, this school website templates is easy to change in so many ways. Parallax scrolling effect adds depth and dimension to the design. A responsive Carousel and full-width backgrounds look professional. It also sports bold banners, tile-based content blocks and captivating sliders. All these features make this template more pleasing to the eye. Clever use of white space brings significant content to the forefront. Whereas integrated Google Maps makes it easier for users to find your facility. Demo | More Info Drum Teacher Website Template Drum School is a cool website template for a drum teacher. It catches the attention with colorful photos, bright palette, and diagonal lines. This layout has embedded video to showcase music skills better.   Hamburger menu in the top left corner of the homepage looks quite trendy. Ghost buttons and sketchy icons contribute to the great look as well. It's possible to promote three pricing plans right on the homepage. A section with students' testimonials adds more credibility to the provided services. Just hit the 'live demo' button and try this one yourself! Christian J. Beautiful design Beautiful design with good functionality. The most important factor was that the layout is responsive. Demo | More Info Education Responsive Website Template School District is a website template for online courses or a language school. It looks minty-fresh with its combination of white and light green. It has a Stick-To-Top-Menu to make scrolling more pleasant. The image slider in the header pays attention to the services you want to promote. This is one of the educational website templates to ease communication with your clients. It has a Contact Form and a Newsletter Subscription for this purpose. Supplied with detailed documentation, this item is a real golden nugget! omar g. Excellent template . like a boss with my client. Thanks for all and thanks for include PSD. really i love this page. Demo | More Info Language School Responsive Website Template Language Center is one of the most stunning education website templates here. Feel free to use it for a language school website or for online courses likewise. Parallax scrolling effect adds depth to the 2D website environment. Light color scheme looks chic and elegant. This item has an incorporated Olark Chat for real-time communication with your clients. There are also a Contact Form and a Newsletter Subscription. What else do you need to attract people to visit your school? Diane T. VERY CLEAN, ELEGANT Template Very well designed template. I was able to customize and add on additions that I needed. The code is clean and organized. It took me less than 5 hours to have this site up and running even with the customization I added to it. Thank you so much for an amazing template. Demo | More Info Education Website Template Watson National University is a website template for universities, colleges or schools. It has a pleasant color scheme in light-blue hues that looks sleek and professional. Use the top Slider to tell more about the university programs. An illustrated 'Campuses and locations' looks catchy to attract new students. Right in the center of the page you can see Newsletter subscription form. This will encourage graduates to contact your institution! To showcase the best educators in your university, there is a Teachers' photos section. Click the 'live demo' and test it yourself! Demo | More Info eLearnix Website Template eLearnix is an education html template for online courses of any kind. It's bright, colorful and has a thought-out design. Thanks to Parallax scrolling effect, this layout looks three-dimensional. The hero area flaunts a massive Call-To-Action Button to encourage more people to enroll. This academic website template has all the features to ease communication with your prospects. Use Contact Form, Newsletter Subscription and Google Maps. Tell more about your company and attract clients using this template! Demo | More Info Education Responsive Website Template Education is just perfect to build an educational portal for teachers. It is also possible to use it for online courses. This educational html5 template looks bright and lightweight. The hero area on top has two Call-To-Action Buttons to give people more choice of services. Don't hesitate to write more about your educational programs, prices and events. Make the most of this eye-catching design! Not only this website template is 100% responsive, it's also cross-browser compatible. Take a closer look at all the features it has to offer! Demo | More Info Traffic School Responsive Website Template Traffic School is an education html5 template for a driving school or driving courses. This item is perfect for attracting those who want to get their drivers' license so bad! Extensive use of orange and white against the darker background draws the attention immediately. Use 'Products' and 'Services' sections to tell more about your educational facility. Thanks to the Contact Form people can pre-order a driving course on site. An incorporated Google Maps will help your clients to find your location fast and easy! Demo | More Info University Responsive Website Template Alumni Association is a great academic website template for alumni to keep in touch. Use it to schedule alumni meet-ups and gatherings! The fresh color scheme in light and dark blue hues looks professional and attractive. Huge Call-To-Action Buttons and image Sliders attract the attention at once! Make use of such website sections as 'About Us', 'Membership' and 'Events'! This template gives you all the possibilities to communicate with people. Still hesitate if this is the right item for you? Then click the 'live demo' and enjoy what you'll see! David H. My customer really likes the end result. It's a really clean and professional looking template. Nice! Demo | More Info Education Responsive Website Template BeSmart is an education website template for a business school or a summer business camp. People enter business schools to become better professionals and develop. This template will be a good fit for an educational business project. Go ahead and showcase the best offers on the homepage. Use 'Blog' and 'Gallery' sections to tell as much as possible about your huge project! An image slider in the hero area will help you convey all the needed information. Don't forget to specify your location using the Google Maps in the footer of the page. Help people find your educational facility fast and easy! Demo | More Info Pilot School Website Template Helicoptex is a great solution for online education or training courses. This education html template has a modern look that can attract crowds! As you can see this item corresponds to the latest web design trends. This education website template offers a user-friendly navigation. It has a convenient Stick-To-Top-Menu. No need to jump around the website to find the required section anymore. 100% responsive design ensures splendid performance on all mobile devices. The layout adjusts to the screen resolution without hindering the design. Fabio A. I'm satisfied Templatemonster always helps me find a template what I need for my projects. I'm satisfied with customer service. Demo | More Info Traffic School Responsive Website Template Traffico is another educational website template for a driving school to look at. Minimalist animated layout features all the needed website sections. Feel free to offer your services to the potential customers! 'Packages and Pricing' section is there to serve this purpose. Large hero area on top lets you place high-quality images to showcase your best offers. Driving a car is not rocket science! Make your clients understand that only your driving instructors are the best in town. Check out all the cool features for yourself. Click the 'live demo' to see the interactive version of this layout! Demo | More Info Jewish School Website Template Jewish Learning Center is a school website template for a Jewish school. Thanks to the compact layout it is also possible to use it for religious schools websites. Feel free to upload multimedia content, audio files and other educational materials. Brown, white and beige are the main colors in the color scheme of this template. It features a prominent hero area on top and a full-width image in the content section. Parallax scrolling effect makes this item look more attractive and dimensional. Demo | More Info Cooking School Website Template Cooking School is a beautiful education website template you can use for a cooking school or courses. Announce the master classes by famous chefs and post the best recipes for your students.  Provide your prospects with detailed information about your pricing plans and programs. An animated gallery is perfect for showcasing the best dishes you can teach people to cook. Juicy images of food will attract more attention to your educational facility. This cooking school website template has an interactive live demo. Don't hesitate to check out how cool this layout is! Tomonori Y. Good and cool template I use this for our client, not cooking related, but it looks good and client like it. even different business category, this template is useful. Demo | More Info University Responsive Website Template Nevada is a template for building websites for schools, universities or colleges. The combination of white and dark-green looks professional. A Stick-To-Top-Menu spiced up with a DropDown Menu makes navigation user-friendly and comfortable. Tell more about educational programs and out of class activities! Post alumni success stories to prove that your institution is the best for enrolling. And don't forget about the contact information. Demo | More Info Public Library Website Template The Public Library is one of the best educational website templates to use for a library site. It has a well-structured design jazzed up with subtle images with light backgrounds. There is nothing to distract you from your literary quest. Feel free to search for the books you need in a handy library catalog. Tell more about the history and staff of the library in the 'About' section. The functionality of this template is not inferior to its beautiful look. It is compliant with CSS 3, HTML 5 and jQuery standards. The SuperFish plugin will let you upgrade the website menu fast and easy! Hit the 'live demo' button and enjoy the stylish appearance of this library template. Demo | More Info FAS Website Template Flight School is an education website template for aviation school or flight courses. Feel free to use it for a school, college, university or other education websites. You can adjust this template to meet your requirements with ease. Bright color scheme of this template contrasts with bright red elements. Tell more about your services on social media using Social Media Integration feature. Help your visitors find the information they need with advanced search.  This template has user-friendly navigation thanks to the DropDown Menu and well-structured layout. Demo | More Info Education Responsive Website Template Learning Services is a basic two-column educational website template. You can use it to create a website for a language school or online courses. This item has all the needed features to attract more visitors to your facility. An image slider on top is perfect for showcasing the best offers and programs you have. The 'Services' section allows you to present information about the language courses in details. You may also make educational materials and books available for download. Encourage your clients to post reviews in 'Testimonials' section. Tell more about the lecturers and educators that work for you! Brian S. Very easy to work with I was very surprised by how clean the code of this template is, and how easy it is to edit and customize. I do not have the best skill with css, and this has been fairly easy to mold into the website I want. Great job! I would highly recommend. I really enjoyed how the built in forms needed very little in the way of editing to get my information in and have them up and running. The YouTube tutorial videos were also an amazing help. Demo | More Info Business School Website Template Business Coach is a lightweight educational website template for a business school or coach. It includes custom features to help your site stand out online!  If you are the owner of a business school trying to expand the market, this one is for you! This is quite a universal template that can adjust to any business project. A variety of options and styles will help you make all the needed modifications! Click the 'live demo' button and check out all the great features this template has to offer. Rr-graphics R. everything is okay the code is easy to change, the design is on the actual standard and i like it! Demo | More Info Music Education Website Template Music School is an educational website template to fit a music school or a conservatory. It has a minimalist layout. The Content area has a welcome message and provides information about classes. Feel free to publish the latest news and events and include students' testimonials. To keep in touch with future students, there is an e-mail subscription and 'Get in Touch' forms. The color scheme of this template is a basic duo of black and white. Although, there are yellow elements and areas at the bottom of the page. This makes the most important content stand out. The layout has big headlines that are easy to skim. This is why it has all the potential to attract people's attention. Demo | More Info Online School Website Template Online School is a great item to use for an educational center or online academy. This is one of the best school website templates in the selection! It catches the attention fast and easy with its animated sections. Provide information about the courses to help people find it in next to nothing! It's impossible not to acknowledge how sleek and well-arranged this layout is! Site-wide search and intuitive navigation make it as user-friendly as possible. Just enjoy this education website template! Demo | More Info I'm sure, you loved this ultimate collection of premium HTML5 Templates for educational websites. Which one would you use for your online resource? Which item would you recommend to a friend? Feel free to give your opinions in the comment section below! Hurry up and pick the best website template in this selection. Create your online educational resource in just a few hours and enjoy the results! If you find this review useful, please share it on social media! Rate this post folder_openTagged in: HTML5, Responsive, Web Design Written by Irene Fatyanova Irene is a content writer who loves reporting on the latest web design trends, WordPress and eCommerce solutions. Apart from writing tech articles, she’s fond of photography and knows a couple of cool image retouching tricks in Photoshop. Post navigation Previous Post Previous Post Saturnino – TemplateMonster’s 1st Pizza Restaurant PrestaShop Theme Ever Next Post Next Post Intense Update 1.6: Check out New Features for Marketers Harper Povar These themes doesn’t affect your skills at all. It is already checked. Alexander Checked by whom? Get Updates Subscribe You successfully subscribed Recommended for You! Free Stuff Typography 50 Free Vintage Fonts to Forget About Lobster Forever by Jeremy Blackwood access_time4 days ago Free Stuff Web Design Freepik and Flaticon's Beautiful Mother's Day Themed Freebie Pack by Alex Bulat access_time3 weeks ago Free Stuff Photoshop 50 Free Smoke Brushes for Photoshop by Lilian Rigo access_time3 weeks ago Free Stuff Web Design Mother’s Day Web Design Freebies: You Really Don’t Need Much ... by Helga Moreno access_time4 weeks ago Free eBooks Shopify. The Quiet Revolution in eCommerce? [Free eBook] Content Marketing Done Right: a Collection of Must-read Ideas Family Business: Behind the TemplateMonster Scenes Content Marketing 101: The Must-Know Essentials Gеt Free MotoCMS eBook to Bring Light into Promoting Your Business with Google Adwords The Art of Growing Your Presence on Pinterest [Free eBook] Making Your Website Responsive. What Are Your Options? [Free Ebook] What Can Go Wrong When Launching a Website [Free eBook] Ideas for Living-Room Business that Pay More than a Full-Time Job [Free eBook] From a Wannabe to a Startupper [Free eBook] Products WordPress Themes Website Templates Magento Themes Joomla Templates PrestaShop Themes WooCommerce Themes Website Builder OpenCart Templates Drupal Templates Shopify Themes Categories Business & Services Fashion & Beauty Home & Family Design & Photography Real Estate Cars & Motorcycles Medical Sports, Outdoors & Travel Food & Restaurant Electronics Company Journey of a Thousand Miles Longreads Free eBooks Monster Alibi Customer Success Stories Startup Hub Affiliate Program Love Hate Wall Contact Us Team Job Listings Best Articles of 2017 Building TemplateMonster Affiliate Store. The Complete Guide [Free eBook] Ultimate SEO Guide 2017 for Blogs, Business & eCommerce Sites 50 Working Tips for Successful Affiliate Selling How to Get the Most of Affiliate Programs? [Long and Uncut Guide] Color Theory Explained: What Color Scheme Should I Choose? Feedly Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Dribbble © 2017 Jetimpex, Inc. © 2010 - 2017 All Rights Reserved.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. business culture gadgets future startups Google's AI just beat the world's best Go player by Matt McFarland   @mattmcfarland May 25, 2017: 10:05 PM ET Game of Go pits man against machine A near perfect opening wasn't enough for man to beat machine. A computer system that Google engineers trained to play the game Go beat the world's best human player Thursday in China. The victory was AlphaGo's second this week over Chinese professional Ke Jie, clinching the best-of-three series at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen. Afterward, Google engineers said AlphaGo estimated that the first 50 moves -- by both players -- were virtually perfect. And the first 100 moves were the best anyone had ever played against AlphaGo's master version. Related: Google's man-versus-machine showdown is blocked in China "What an amazing and complex game! Ke Jie pushed AlphaGo right to the limit," said DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis on Twitter. DeepMind is a British artificial intelligence company that developed AlphaGo and was purchased by Google in 2014. DeepMind made a stir in January 2016 when it first announced it had used artificial intelligence to master Go, a 2,500-year-old game. Computer scientists had struggled for years to get computers to excel at the game. In Go, two players alternate placing white and black stones on a grid. The goal is to claim the most territory. To do so, you surround your opponent's pieces so that they're removed from the board. The board's 19-by-19 grid is so vast that it allows a near infinite combination of moves, making it tough for machines to comprehend. Games such as chess have come quicker to machines. Related: Elon Musk's new plan to save humanity from AI The Google engineers at DeepMind rely on deep learning, a trendy form of artificial intelligence that's driving remarkable gains in what computers are capable of. World-changing technologies that loom on the horizon, such as autonomous vehicles, rely on deep learning to effectively see and drive on roads. AlphaGo's achievement is also a reminder of the steady improvement of machines' ability to complete tasks once reserved for humans. As machines get smarter, there are concerns about how society will be disrupted, and if all humans will be able to find work. Historically, mankind's development of tools has always created new jobs that never existed before. But the gains in artificial intelligence are coming at a breakneck pace, which will likely accentuate upheaval in the short term. Related: Google uses AI to help diagnose breast cancer The 19-year-old Ke and AlphaGo will play a third match Saturday morning. The summit will also feature a match Friday in which five human players will team up against AlphaGo. CNNMoney (Washington) First published May 25, 2017: 9:22 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Americans gave up half of their vacation days last year Montana newspapers pull support for GOP candidate after alleged assault GOP candidate charged after allegedly 'body slamming' reporter Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors SmartAsset Paid Partner Save $100s at the supermarket with this card 0% interest + $0 In fees = Ultimate card to reduce debt 6 credit cards for people with excellent credit Compare financial advisors in your neighborhood NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until July 2018 with this card $200 just for using this credit card Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived follow us! Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy AdChoices
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Technology & Science CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Technology & Science Quirks & Quarks Blog Spark Photo Galleries Google AI wins 2nd game against Chinese go champion Most of Chinese public unable to watch game online The Associated Press Posted: May 25, 2017 11:19 AM ET Last Updated: May 25, 2017 11:19 AM ET Chinese Go player Ke Jie reacts as he plays a match against Google's artificial intelligence program, AlphaGo, during the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen in eastern China's Zhejiang Province on Thursday, May 25, 2017. (Chinatopix via Associated Press) Related Stories 'Absolutely going to explode': Construction robotics poised to take off Keeping your job during the robopocalypse will be all about personality Meet the interactive robot making a mark on Quebec's classrooms A computer beat China's top player of go, one of the last games machines have yet to master, for a second time Thursday in a competition authorities limited the Chinese public's ability to see. Ke Jie lost despite playing what Google's AlphaGo indicated was the best game any opponent has played against it, said Demis Hassabis, founder of the company that developed the program. AlphaGo defeated Ke, a 19-year-old prodigy, in their first game Tuesday during a forum organized by Google on artificial intelligence in Wuzhen, a town west of Shanghai. They play a final game Saturday. Google's AI wins Go match in China, but blocks online broadcast Robots rising: How far do we want them to go? Elon Musk wants to merge human brain with artificial intelligence AlphaGo previously defeated European and South Korean champions, surprising players who had expected it to be at least a decade before computers could master the game. Internet users outside China could watch this week's games live, but Chinese censors blocked most mainland web users from seeing the Google site carrying the feed. None of China's dozens of video sites carried the live broadcasts, but a recording of Tuesday's game was available the following night on one popular site, Youku.com. State media reports on the games have been brief, possibly reflecting Beijing's antipathy toward Google, which closed its China-based search engine in 2010 following a dispute over censorship and computer hacking. Google says 60 million people in China watched online when AlphaGo played South Korea's go champion in March 2016. Conflicting ambitions The official response to the match, a major event for the worlds of go and artificial intelligence, reflects the conflict between the ruling Communist Party's technology ambitions and its insistence on controlling what its public can see, hear and read. The government encourages internet use for business and education but tries to block access to material considered subversive. The possible reason for suppressing coverage while allowing Google to organize the event was unclear. Censorship orders to Chinese media are officially secret and government officials refuse to confirm whether online material is blocked. 'I did some wrong or stupid moves. I guess that's the biggest weak point of human beings.' - Ke Jie. go opponent On Thursday, AlphaGo "thought that Ke Jie played perfectly" for the first 50 moves, Hassabis said at a news conference. "For the first roughly 100 moves, it is the closest game we have ever seen anyone play against the master version of AlphaGo," he said. Ke said the computer made unexpected moves after playing more methodically on Tuesday. "From the perspective of human beings, it stretched a little bit, and I was surprised at some points," he said. "I also thought that I was very close to winning the match in the middle," Ke said. "I could feel my heart thumping. But maybe because I was too excited, I did some wrong or stupid moves. I guess that's the biggest weak point of human beings." Ke Jie, left, looks at the board as a person makes a move on behalf of Google's artificial intelligence program, AlphaGo, during a game of Go at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen in eastern China's Zhejiang Province, Tuesday, May 23, 2017. (Chinatopix via Associated Press) Go players take turns putting white or black stones on a rectangular grid with 361 intersections, trying to capture territory and each other's pieces by surrounding them. The game is considered more difficult than chess for machines to master because the near-infinite number of possible positions requires intuition and flexibility. This week's games are taking place in a hall where Chinese leaders hold the annual World Internet Conference, an event attended by global internet companies. China has the world's biggest population of internet users, with some 730 million people online at the end of last year, according to government data. Censors block access to social media and video-sharing websites such as Facebook and YouTube. Internet companies are required to employ teams of censors to watch social media and remove banned material. Web surfers can get around online filters using virtual private networks, but Beijing has cracked down on use of those. © The Associated Press, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Top News Headlines More than a million restricted, prohibited guns in Canada read comments Jared Kushner under FBI scrutiny in Russia probe: U.S. media reports Heartbreak for Senators as Penguins win in 2OT to advance to Stanley Cup read comments video Vancouver Island introduces controversial motion to encourage girls to play girls hockey read comments Woman finds her stolen car — but loses it again after police take hours to respond Latest Technology & Science News Headlines NASA'S Juno spacecraft finds chaotic weather, massive cyclones over Jupiter's poles New research reveals what happens when adults learn to read Russian spies may have backed email phishing campaign in effort to spread disinformation Google AI wins 2nd game against Chinese go champion Honeybee losses in U.S. decline, but some warn too early to celebrate Quirks & Quarks The puzzle of pain: Opioids are killing some, but saving others Stay out of my brain, a Hollywood dinosaur and the Nose Knows Most Viewed NASA'S Juno spacecraft finds chaotic weather, massive cyclones over Jupiter's poles New research reveals what happens when adults learn to read Russian spies may have backed email phishing campaign in effort to spread disinformation Google AI wins 2nd game against Chinese go champion Honeybee losses in U.S. decline, but some warn too early to celebrate 7.2-million-year-old pre-human fossils challenge modern human evolution theory Scientists find 2nd 'Great Spot' on Jupiter Great Red Spot makes Jupiter hot, study suggests Google plans to 'fix' Toronto by building smart city This box can see through walls — and it could shake up home security Don't Miss Space Canadian Space Agency gets $80.9 million to develop new technologies As It Happens Meteorologists posit new theory behind 'blood red' sky in Munch's The Scream Early humans Study suggests humans were in North America 100,000 years earlier than believed Q&A Say what? How a Canadian company can clone your voice Robotics The next big thing in construction robotics is building big Ouch Spider bites tourist below the belt Quirks & Quarks Pulling Water from Air, Vibrating Buildings and Support for Research Needs a Rethink Q&A Can't hack it in high altitudes? It's all about genetics Fossils University of Toronto researchers discover 507-million-year old sea creature Space NASA successfully pilots spacecraft between Saturn and its rings Climate change Climate change causes glacial river in Yukon to change direction Sea creatures Candy-striped hermit crab discovered in Caribbean Cannibals Early cannibalism not likely about the nutrition Geology Researchers confirm 'lost continent' below Mauritius Sea Dragon Newly discovered ruby sea dragon seen alive in wild for 1st time Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report Disrupt NY 2017 Judah vs the Machines Gadgets Interviews News Reviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Facebook Tesla Snap News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Meetup + Pitch-Off Tel AvivApply to Pitch at TechCrunch's Tel Aviv Meetup before the June 6th deadline Apply Today Media Binded raises another $950K for its copyright-protecting tools Instagram direct messages now support web links and different photo orientations Twitter for Apple TV adds live, 360 degree video and Periscope’s global map Browse more... Facebook Crunch Report | Mark Zuckerberg’s Harvard Commencement Speech Zuckerberg tells Harvard we need a new social contract of equal opportunity Watch Mark Zuckerberg’s Harvard commencement speech here Browse more... Instant Articles Facebook adds new features to Instant Articles to encourage email sign-ups and Page Likes 360 photos and videos are coming to Facebook’s Instant Articles Viewing links shared in Messenger just got easier Browse more... Facebook’s Instant Articles platform to support Google AMP, Apple News Posted 14 hours ago by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Mogees picks up seed funding to put audio-based gesture recognition tech into new devices One of the problems publishers face today in making their content more readable on mobile devices is that there are multiple, competing formats available for this purpose. Facebook has Instant Articles, Google is spearheading the AMP (Accelerated Mobile Pages) project, and the Apple News Format optimizes content for iOS devices. Facebook is today taking a crack at a solution to this problem by rolling out support for both AMP and soon Apple News as a part of its open source Instant Articles software development kit. The updated SDK will now include an extension that lets publishers build content that’s publishable in all three formats, beginning with support for Google’s AMP in addition to Facebook’s own Instant Articles. In the weeks ahead it will also include support for publishing to Apple News, though the company didn’t provide an exact launch date for when that feature would be added. At a high level, the SDK will take the markup that’s used to build Facebook’s Instant Articles and use it to create the code that’s needed to build for AMP and Apple News. While the multiple systems aren’t identical, of course, Facebook says it will offer ways for publishers to apply the custom styling templates for the competing services – including the application of things like custom fonts, colors, and captions, which will be mirrored as closely as possible in the other formats. The goal with this change is to offer a design once, publish anywhere experience – and naturally it’s one where publishing to Facebook is the first priority, in terms of getting things right. The functionality will be made available through an extension to the Facebook Instant Articles SDK, which is found here on Github. (Documentation on its usage is on the Facebook for Developers site, here.) The idea for the extension came about as part of the Facebook Journalism Project, a program that aims to connect Facebook with media publishers to help inform the company’s roadmap for upcoming news features on its site. The project’s other ideas include things like letting publishers offer free trials to their paid subscriptions via Facebook, hackathons with publishers’ development teams, digest packages that Facebook users can subscribe to, PSAs to promote news literacy across Facebook, tutorials for journalists, and more. However, the extension’s launch also comes at a time when a number of high-profile publishers have begun to abandon Facebook’s format, due to its lack of monetization options. In April, for example, it was reported that Forbes, Hearst, The New York Times and others have backed out of Instant Articles. Other major media organizations including Bloomberg, The WSJ, ESPN, CBS News, NPR, Financial Times, and VICE News have also been holdouts, running little to no content in Facebook’s format. Others who have used the format have been winding down their support; and last month, The Guardian pulled out of both Facebook’s Instant Articles and Apple News. Publishers are generally unhappy with the deals the platforms are cutting on revenue sharing, and don’t like that the Instant Article format prevents them from having a more direct relationship with their readers. Sending visitors to stripped down, mobile-optimized pages may be a good experience for readers who don’t have to deal with pop-ups and other clutter, but it has historically meant that publishers can’t serve all the same advertisements as on the web, nor encourage donations, push paid subscriptions, promote their email newsletters or events, or make other connections with readers. Facebook has tried to stem some of these concerns by tweaking the rules for Instant Articles – allowing them to show more ads, for example, or by rolling out new features, like call-to-action units in the articles that can promote email sign-ups or request Page Likes. It lets publishers push free trials and app downloads, among other things. Now, by tying Facebook Instant Articles to AMP and Apple News, the company hopes that it can lure publishers back to its platform by making it possible to publish to all three major services at once. But without fully loosening its restrictions, Facebook may still have a hard time making the case for Instant Articles, if the format doesn’t match up with publishers’ larger goals. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report DJI's Cute $499 Spark Drone | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Instant Articles Facebook Media Popular Posts Featured Stories Mark Zuckerberg's Harvard Commencement Speech | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:27 Zuckerberg tells Harvard we need a new social contract of equal opportunity 11 hours ago | Josh Constine Target just gave Casper $75 million 11 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Mark Zuckerberg gets trolled on Harvard’s student newspaper ahead of commencement speech 11 hours ago | Lucas Matney Judge orders Uber to hand over to Waymo unredacted term sheet with Otto 12 hours ago | Megan Rose Dickey Latest From Social Zuckerberg tells Harvard we need a new social contract of equal opportunity 11 hours ago | Josh Constine Watch Mark Zuckerberg’s Harvard commencement speech here 12 hours ago | Josh Constine Tips for mastering Magikarp Jump, the next Pokémon masterpiece 12 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Instagram direct messages now support web links and different photo orientations 12 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Comment moderation powered by Up Next Mogees picks up seed funding to put audio-based gesture recognition tech into new devices Posted 14 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Two Sigma Technical Recruiter at Two Sigma Investments (New York, NY, United States) Two Sigma Ventures Content + Brand Manager at Two Sigma Investments (New York, NY, United States) Cloud Optimization Engineer at Eyeview (Seattle, WA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Green Bits at Green Bits (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ GreatHorn at GreatHorn (Belmont, MA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report Disrupt NY 2017 Judah vs the Machines All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Funding for real estate challenger Spruce shows New York’s startup scene is thriving 31 minutes ago by Jonathan Shieber Even the world’s largest bitcoin exchange couldn’t handle this week’s cryptocurrency boom 1 hour ago by Jon Russell Crunch Report | Mark Zuckerberg’s Harvard Commencement Speech 4 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze With new realities to build, Unity positioned to become tech giant 6 hours ago by Lucas Matney Feast your eyes on this 600-DPI e-paper screen 7 hours ago by Devin Coldewey These flat-pack turtlebots will crawl across minefields for safety’s sake 8 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Wearables suck at tracking calories burned, study shows 8 hours ago by Brian Heater SoFi co-founder Dan Macklin is leaving the company 9 hours ago by Ryan Lawler HBO’s Silicon Valley gets renewed for fifth season, Erlich Bachman won’t return 10 hours ago by Lucas Matney App maker Appian soars 25% on first day as a public company 10 hours ago by Katie Roof
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Google Honors Villa Lagoon Tile - Designer/Importer of Handcrafted Cement Tile Encaustic Cement Tile, often preferred by Green Building Enthusiasts, continues to gain popularity in the USA News provided by Villa Lagoon Tile 25 May, 2017, 11:52 ET Share this article GULF SHORES, Ala., May 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Villa Lagoon Tile, based in Gulf Shores, Alabama, has been chosen by Google to represent the successful small businesses in Alabama that utilize the Internet in a powerful way. Villa Lagoon Tile is a talented team designing, importing, and exporting handcrafted encaustic cement tile. It is an online-only business that relies on web advertising, email and Google's business tools. Google and independent research firm Ipsos MORI analyzed the online strength of local small businesses in cities in all 50 states. Winning the Google award was a time for celebration at Villa Lagoon Tile Being chosen for the prestigious award for means many more people will now discover the beauty of colorful cement tile. Additionally, potential businesses will now consider Gulf Shores as Alabama's digital hotspot for Internet-based enterprises. The city with the highest scores in each state was designated a Google "eCity." Villa Lagoon Tile was launched in 2008 by Lundy Wilder, a website designer/entrepreneur. While building her new home in Gulf Shores, she wanted to incorporate the bold, ornate floor tile designs she'd seen from her travels to Spain, Italy, and Latin America. She contacted tile makers and was delighted to learn that she could create unique tile designs for herself. Wilder realized that there was a niche market of consumers who were also seeking an alternative to standard floor tiles. Combining her web design skills and love for these exceptional cement tiles, Wilder founded Villa Lagoon Tile. She began offering custom cement tiles to residential and commercial customers. Today, Villa Lagoon Tile stocks 150 different products, some are antique patterns but many are exclusive and have been designed by Wilder and the VLT team. Warehousing over 60,000 square feet of cement tile, VLT has provided tiles for numerous high-profile projects such as Disney-Orlando, Shanghai and Hong Kong, Paris Hotel-Vegas, Hong Kong Jockey Club, and Ralph Lauren-Barbados among many others. International shipments drive 15 percent of their sales as business continues to grow in North and Latin America, Asia, Europe and, most recently, the Middle East. "There's been an explosion of interest in encaustic cement tiles," Wilder explains. "Architects and designers who love our product and excellent customer service will use our tiles in project after project." The company has expanded and now has ten employees. They've been able to give back to the Gulf Coast community by routinely donating tiles to Habitat for Humanity. "We are a small town on a big beach," Wilder says. "Small businesses like ours are everything to this community." Google has presented Villa Lagoon Tile with two all-expense-paid trips for team members to visit the Googleplex, learn, and network with award winners from the other 49 states. Links & Photos: Villa Lagoon Tile https://www.villalagoontile.com/ 2016 Villa Lagoon Tile Economic Impact Story www.google.com/economicimpact Additional Photos (High-Res) on Google Drive:  http://vlt.la/3n7 Twitter: @villalagoontile Contact: Lundy Wilder — founder/designer lundy@villalagoontile.com Villa Lagoon Tile 901 Commerce Dr. Suite C Gulf Shores, AL 36542 T 251.968-3375 C 251.978-2876 Related Images image1.jpg image2.jpg image3.jpg image4.jpg Related Links Villa Lagoon Tile Website Google's Economic Impact Winner   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/google-honors-villa-lagoon-tile---designerimporter-of-handcrafted-cement-tile-300464001.html SOURCE Villa Lagoon Tile Related Links https://www.villalagoontile.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Google Honors Villa Lagoon Tile - Designer/Importer of Handcrafted Cement Tile News provided by Villa Lagoon Tile 25 May, 2017, 11:52 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad From staged births and deaths to GIFs that reveal how areas have changed, artists reveal the most bizarre uses of Google Street View as it turns 10 Artists have been found to use Google Street View to make a statement One gathered pictures of unfortunate events snapped by the cameras Another showed the unsettling relationship between humans and surveillance Images turned into GIFs that  show before-and-after photos of New York City By Allison L. Rowland and Chris Ingraham With The Conversation Published: 12:10 EDT, 25 May 2017 | Updated: 12:20 EDT, 25 May 2017 e-mail 3 View comments On May 25, Google Street View celebrates its 10th birthday.  A feature of Google Maps, it lets users explore cities and towns around the world – and even peer inside businesses and government institutions (including the White House).  Games have sprouted out of Street View – like Geoguessr, in which players guess where in the world they've been randomly placed – while some users have documented funny images captured by the roving cameras of Google's cars. Scroll down for video Michael Wolf's project 'A Series of Unfortunate Events' curates arresting images from Google Street View, ranging from bike accidents to fires and scuffles on the street (pictured) HOW ARTISTS USE GOOGLE STREET VIEW  Michael Wolf's project 'A Series of Unfortunate Events' curates arresting images from Google Street View, ranging from bike accidents to fires. Jon Rafman's ongoing project 'The Nine Eyes of Google Street View' reflects the unsettling relationship between humans and surveillance.  (The 'nine eyes' in the title refers to the number of cameras on the pole attached to the top of a Google Street View car, although the number has since increased to 15.) Doug Rickard, in an exhibition called 'A New American Picture,' documented the 'forgotten streets' of America by curating images of the disenfranchised in their downtrodden neighborhoods. Halley Docherty has used Google Street View to superimpose famous paintings and album covers on their modern settings (for example, the Beatles crossing the street on today's Abbey Road). And Justin Blinder's 'Vacated' project turns Google Street View images into GIFs that alternate between before-and-after photos of gentrified street corners in New York City.  But Google Street View has also provided ample fodder for artists of all stripes, inspiring a range of creative works that include photographic curation, music videos and impromptu performances. What, exactly, is it about Google Street View that makes it so appealing to creative types?  Perhaps it allows us to experience the fantasy of what scholar Donna Haraway called 'the God's trick' – the impossible desire to see everything. Never before have people had such easy, on-demand visual access to public spaces all over the globe, and over the past decade artists have wielded this immense power to comment on issues ranging from surveillance to sex work. The sheer magnitude of Google Street View's all-seeing power is a subject for some artists.  Michael Wolf's project 'A Series of Unfortunate Events' curates arresting images from Google Street View, ranging from bike accidents to fires.  Taken as a whole, Wolf's collection from Google's vast archive gestures toward the vastness of the world itself.  Taken individually, his images are both haunting and familiar. Sometimes Google Street View appeals to artists for more political reasons.  There can be a real discomfort with the technology, given that it amounts to one of the most comprehensive surveillance mechanisms in human history. Jon Rafman's ongoing project 'The Nine Eyes of Google Street View' reflects the unsettling relationship between humans and surveillance.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Should you continuously stir risotto and soak onions to... The amazing tree-climbing goats that help farmers disperse... Cassini hits another milestone: Nasa spacecraft witnesses... America's honeybee in crisis as beekeepers say they lost 33%... Share this article Share (The 'nine eyes' in the title refers to the number of cameras on the pole attached to the top of a Google Street View car, although the number has since increased to 15.) In 2008, one year after the launch of Street View, Google incorporated face-blurring technology to protect the identities of passersby captured by its cameras.  But the technology isn't without glitches.  Jon Rafman's ongoing project 'The Nine Eyes of Google Street View', has an image of a man in a bunny costume with a blurred face next to a 'real' person's face draws an unsettling juxtaposition  What is it about Google Street View that makes it so appealing to creative types? Perhaps it allows us to experience the fantasy of what scholar Donna Haraway called 'the God's trick' – the impossible desire to see everything. Pictured is an image from Michael Wolf's project Rafman's image of a man in a bunny costume with a blurred face next to a 'real' person's face draws an unsettling juxtaposition; it's a reminder that Google Street View is incapable of telling the difference between this masked person and you.  In so doing, Rafman's image exploits the most basic fear of mass surveillance regimes: that you'll be just another faceless entity. Some images show the reflecting the unsettling relationship between humans and surveillance, as Google's cameras are always watching Other artists have taken a different approach.  Doug Rickard, in an exhibition called 'A New American Picture,' documented the 'forgotten streets' of America by curating images of the disenfranchised in their downtrodden neighborhoods.  Halley Docherty has used Google Street View to superimpose famous paintings and album covers on their modern settings (for example, the Beatles crossing the street on today's Abbey Road).  And Justin Blinder's 'Vacated' project turns Google Street View images into GIFs that alternate between before-and-after photos of gentrified street corners in New York City. Then there are the people that try to act out scenes in front of the passing cameras. While they may not identify as artists, they respond with an artist's impromptu, creative ingenuity.  Everyday folks see the Google car approaching and think up a scene – a staged birth in Berlin or a staged death in Scotland – and quickly react.  Justin Blinder's 'Vacated' project turns Google Street View images into GIFs that alternate between before-and-after photos of gentrified street corners in New York City  Artist have used Google Street View to superimpose famous paintings and album covers on their modern settings. Michael Wolf has captures a series of unfortunate events (pictured) In our research, we call these performance-events tableaux vivants ('living pictures') in a nod to the evanescent vitality of scenes that come to life only to dissolve as quickly as they've been formed. GOOGLE STREET VIEW CONTROVERSIES  Controversy raged about Google Street View when it was launched in 2009.  Previously, the service has come under fire for some of the content that found its way onto the maps. A dead body, albeit covered, was published in South America. In Manchester, a couple were also snapped in the middle of a sex act down a quiet backstreet (pictured below).  Shortly after it was rolled out, the privacy watchdog ejected calls to shut it down after complaints that it intruded unfairly into people's lives. The Information Commissioner said the free online service, which features millions of detailed photographs of streets, homes, cars and passers-by, carried a 'small risk' of privacy invasion.  Users are able to request an object be removed from the site by highlighting its co-ordinates and sending it to the company.  Street View art has its detractors.  Mishka Henner, for his show 'No Man's Land,' cruised Street View for known 'John' sites in Italy and Spain and culled images of women who may be sex workers.  Although the show was shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize, it was also subject to mixed reviews.  Some thought it was sexist to assume that the women depicted were, in fact, prostitutes, though they praised the way the images communicated the everyday vulnerability (and boredom) involved with sex work. Perhaps most of all, the show inspired questions about the authorship of photographers who merely curate images taken by Google's cameras.  Nonetheless, as one critic pointed out, Google Street View has forced us to reconsider what street photography as a genre now means in light of Google's roving cameras. What's next for this strange intersection of a mapping tool and art?  We hesitate to make firm predictions, but we wouldn't be surprised to see more collaborations between Google and artists, like Arcade Fire's experimental music video that populates Google Street View images of the viewer's childhood neighborhood in a nostalgic montage.  We would also like to see more involvement by women, as most of the artists who work with Google Street View have tended to represent a male perspective. After a decade, Google Street View is no longer new. But that doesn't mean its potential for artistic action and intervention will subside.  As the platform collects more and more images of the Earth's public spaces – and as mixed, augmented and virtual reality technologies become more pervasive – we expect that people will find new and inventive ways to make art out of a platform that has, from the start, been a surprising muse.  Allison L. Rowland, Assistant Professor of Performance and Communication Arts, St. Lawrence University and Chris Ingraham, Assistant Professor of Communication, North Carolina State University This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.   Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Dash cam video show Calvin Jones was violently arrested and choked by police Mechanic crashes £170k Porsche after taking it for test drive 'That wasn't the plan!' Demo crew knocks down wrong building Wife of Houston Astros pitcher sobs as husband makes MLB debut Moment special education teacher tells student he will graduate Caught on camera: Driver opens fire after he was cut off Cop bodyslams handcuffed 13-year-old breaking his nose and teeth Micha Leigh Dominguez caught being a 'fake homeless' woman panhandling 'Bunnyranch terrorist!' Dennis Hof declares in twitter video Motorcyclist lands on boot of car after driver cuts him up in LA Prisoner picks up another inmate and hurls him over walkway Stupid driver can't work out how to reverse out of parking space Chipotle sued for $1M after 'manager installed a hidden... 'We're family, that's what we do': Touching moment a boss... Wild horses could be rounded up and sold for MEAT under... Man dies in fiery RV crash after shooting his girlfriend... Everything's getting bigger in Texas: Census Bureau shows... Have you sssss-een him? Giant 20-foot Burmese python... There's a new sheriff in town! Joe Arpaio's controversial... 'It's like a slap in the face': Attempt to rebrand a part... 'My only crime, the color of my skin': Miss Black Texas... Shocked family of Texas principal who killed himself in... Shocking video shows a high-speed crash between a bus and... Curator says he's closing Civil War museum because black... Alabama inmate dubbed the 'Houdini of death row' after... Boy is struck in the head by Chris Carter's broken bat... Disturbing moment a cop SLAMS a handcuffed 13-year-old to... Heartwarming moment a special education teacher surprises... Man, 61, dressed as a fake clown carrying a MACHETE... Is that a salami in his pants? Shocking moment a thief... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Incredible NASA images reveal 'a whole new Jupiter' as Juno spots 'monstrous' 870 mile-wide cyclones and... Roman sling bullets used against Scottish tribes 2,000 years ago were as deadly as a .44 Magnum California's 'Big One' IS going to happen no matter how much people deny it, warns earthquake expert Leaked footage from top-secret Area 51 military base shows mysterious ALIEN craft, claim UFO hunters Do YOU think this photograph is real? Researchers reveal how 'trick of the light' images can fool our brain Groundbreaking timelapse reveals a functioning kidney cell in unprecedented detail America's nuclear safety plans are based on 'flawed analysis' and a single waste fire could spread... Homeland Security warns new software flaw could lead to 'another WannaCry' as experts say more than 100,000... New lease of life for the ageing Warthog: A-10 tankbuster saved from the scrapheap to help defeat ISIS Get ready for MegaHD: Researchers reveal technique to 'drastically improve' screens on everything from... Pasta that 'pops up' on your plate: MIT reveals shape shifting food that is far cheaper to ship America could be hit by FOUR major hurricanes say NOAA as it predicts 'above average' storm season Smartphones can make you more moral: Study finds the device you choose influences your decisions Incredible 1.4 BILLION pixel map reveals the Gulf of Mexico's seafloor was scarred by a 200 million year old... Samsung's battery woes continue as lawsuits spread to Galaxy Note 5, S6 and S7 models MORE HEADLINES Leaked footage from top-secret Area 51 military base shows mysterious ALIEN craft, claim UFO hunters California's 'Big One' IS going to happen no matter how much people deny it, warns earthquake expert Roman sling bullets used against Scottish tribes 2,000 years ago were as deadly as a .44 Magnum The annual Taurids meteor shower is hiding asteroids that could wipe out ENTIRE continents, experts warn Do YOU think this photograph is real? Researchers reveal how 'trick of the light' images can fool our brain Kodi crackdown: Facebook tries to ban pirate streaming devices, but there are still HUNDREDS available on the site Google bans hundreds of Android apps that use ultrasonic sounds to secretly SPY on users Incredible 1.4 BILLION pixel map reveals the Gulf of Mexico's seafloor was scarred by a 200 million year old ocean The amazing tree-climbing goats that help farmers disperse seeds by SPITTING them on to the ground There really is such a thing as 'daddy's girl': Fathers are MORE attentive to their daughters than they are to their sons Incredible NASA images reveal 'a whole new Jupiter' as Juno spots 'monstrous' 870 mile-wide cyclones and massive magnetism on the gas giant America's nuclear safety plans are based on 'flawed analysis' and a single waste fire could spread radioactive material throughout an area twice the size of New Jersey, researchers warn Hunter gatherers and early farmers DID live together and even had children: Rival societies co-operated 8,000 years ago, DNA reveals From staged births and deaths to GIFs that reveal how areas have changed, artists reveal the most bizarre uses of Google Street View as it turns 10 Samsung's battery woes continue as lawsuits spread to Galaxy Note 5, S6 and S7 models MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today So in love! Paris Hilton locks lips with beau Chris Zylka as she stuns in a plunging gown at amfAR Gala in Cannes  Their love is no secret  Teaming up! Kylie Jenner shares sizzling sibling photo with older sister Khloe to promote cosmetics collaboration Pair donned bathing suits in the sultry shot  Serious sideboob! Robin Wright flashes plenty of skin in backless and sleeveless halter neck black dress at Wonder Woman premiere Melania and Donald Trump hold hands again as they arrive in Sicily and the First Lady shows off her THIRD outfit of the day after wowing in Brussels 'I have no problem with nudity at all': Supermodel and mother-of-four Heidi Klum, 44, goes completely NAKED in new photography book Southern Charm's Kathryn Dennis, 24, accuses ex Thomas Ravenel, 54, of 'dating teen daughter of their children's nanny' Tense legal battle  What a bag lady! Kylie Jenner rocks $3.7K patterned leather Gucci purse while swinging by Kylie Cosmetics with pal Jordyn Woods Spotted on low-key visit 'Can't this be running slightly less wild?' Julia Roberts loses it as Bear Grylls makes her cross river filled with crocodiles for Red Nose Day The original Wonder Woman! Lynda Carter, 65, wears trim suit and totes star-spangled clutch to superhero premiere EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Scott Disick the 'sex addict' strikes again: Kourtney Kardashian's ex dumps Bella Thorne to cavort with old flame in Cannes Meghan's Sloane Ranger make-over: She's a California girl but suddenly she can't get enough of posh British brands  Flying the UK style flag  Newlyweds! Corey Feldman and his third wife Courtney host Facebook Live event for autism The couple attended a benefit for non-profit ACT Steve Gold joins Million Dollar Listing New York as new season six broker following fashion modelling career Added some eye candy to the lineup  Chris Cornell had fresh track marks on his arms when he was found dead in his hotel bathroom Was it a drug overdose, and not suicide? Don't move an inch! Shanina Shaik loses her underwear and shows off some major sideboob in VERY risque silver gown at amFAR gala Busty Lindsay Lohan borrows from the Fifties in screen siren ball gown with a string of pearls as she sweeps amfAR Cannes Gala red carpet Tats family bonding! Kim Zolciak gets MATCHING TATTOO with daughter Brielle... while husband Kroy goes shirtless under the gun Don't get him angry! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson SLAMS critics who savaged Baywatch as he claims 'fans LOVE the movie' Criticized bad reviews If at first you don't succeed! Derek Hough rips off his shirt after getting soaked on Celebrity Ninja Warrior...but tries again and triumphs 'Looking forward to Sunday, June 4th!' Megyn Kelly drops teaser of her new NBC show on Twitter a week ahead of her debut  Countdown begins  She's a Wonder Woman! Gal Gadot dazzles in red sequined Givenchy gown at world premiere in  LA  She looked like a true princess    Connie Nielsen flaunts figure in maxi dress at Wonder Woman premiere... after embarrassing panties-free wardrobe malfunction  'This Cannes fancy life isn't for me': Bella Thorne admits she's not having fun in France... after Scott Disick ditches her for another fling  Tat's tat! Colin Farrell shows off his nearly ink-free arms as he jets back into Los Angeles from the Cannes Film Festival His body art is vanishing Jared Martin who played Sue Ellen's love interest Dusty Farlow on Dallas dies from pancreatic cancer at 75 Martin joined the show in 1979  Diva's day out! Busty Mariah Carey looks chuffed as she gets her own coffee...after actor claims she made outrageous demands on set of movie All work and no play! Kim Kardashian is stuck filming KUWTK on her own... while Kourtney and Kendall let loose in Cannes Shot new scenes alone  Julia Louis-Dreyfus and Veep co-stars celebrate seventh season renewal and 'substantial salary increases' 'Do you guys know who sold the story about me?': How 'deeply hurt'  Rebel Wilson attempted to uncover the 'friend' who sold her story to Woman's Day Taking her man for a walk! Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez holds hands with boyfriend Joe LoCicero as they enjoy sunshine stroll with pet pooch No laughing matter! Ryan Gosling sports steely expression while getting in the Red Nose Day spirit Looked stern in the comically large nose  Gucci girly! Elle Fanning rocks hot pink designer sweatshirt with denim mini skirt as she arrives at LAX from Cannes The actress went bare-legged  'I'm healing and want to protect the family!' Naomi Watts speaks about her recent split from Liev Schreiber and rules out dating someone new  That's NOT a kiss from a rose! Singer Seal eaten alive in shocking promo for Discovery's Shark Week Bizarre promo shows him being snatched  Victoria Secret Model Devon Windsor stuns in black halter bikini at the beach with boyfriend Johnny Dex Took time off to relax on the sand  Why so glum? FKA twigs has a face like thunder in colourful Dior gown as she joins cheery boyfriend at the Cannes screening of his new film Good Time EXCLUSIVE: Million Dollar Listing's David Parnes's fiancée shares photos of her lavish Troop Beverly Hills-themed bridal shower as they prepare to marry 'She cost me $70m!': Khloe Kardashian's beau from 2008 Rashad McCants claims romance prevented him from making big basketball money Busting out! Coco Austin flashes flesh in mesh jumpsuit as she steps out with hubby Ice-T and baby Chanel Wowed in the seemingly airtight outfit  Man's best friend! Orlando Bloom carries cute-as-a-button dog arriving in Los Angeles... after alleged hotel one-night stand snafu A new romance? Mischa Barton embraces handsome mystery man after stunning in semi sheer gown at L'Oreal party in Cannes I got you babe! Justin Timberlake dotes on son Silas as they have some one-on-one time while mom Jessica Biel catches up with friend in New York 'I can't escape it': Eve Plumb on trying to get work in Hollywood after playing Jan on The Brady Bunch 'I'll always be Jan Brady to so many people'  Rita Ora shows off her ample bust in a skimpy yellow bikini as she takes a dip in Cannes after saying she had therapy after home invasion Changed her outfit but not her ways! Bella Hadid fails to learn a lesson as she suffers yet another wardrobe malfunction in second amfAR Gala gown 'Oh my god!': Rosario Dawson's distressing 911 call is released after actress discovered her cousin lifeless She was in tears as she spoke to the dispatcher  Hello, Bette! Midler stands out in boldly colored headscarf as she picks up award for Broadway musical revival Model behavior: Leggy Lily-Rose Depp showcases her svelte physique in body hugging denim Was spotted out and about in Los Angeles  Berry nice! Hailey Baldwin highlights her narrow waist in demure strapless gown as she makes a style splash at amfAR Gala Turned heads in Cannes It takes an army! Jessica Hart's ridiculously long train needs to be held up by a bystander on the red carpet at amfAR Gala Home sweet home! Ariel Winter covers up her curves while touring houses with boyfriend Levi Meaden in LA Went for a casual look while scouting homes  Liam Payne opens up about changing nappies and how fatherhood has changed him... months after welcoming the birth of his first son Bear with girlfriend Cheryl 'I'm a little bit fearful of that man': Liam Payne reveals P Diddy LAUGHED in his face when he introduced himself in the most awkward celebrity snub Back in charge! The Boss Baby slated for a sequel in March 2021... and Alec Baldwin will reprise starring role It was a huge hit at the box office   Security scare at Rebel Wilson's defamation trial sees public and media evacuated from court as proceedings enter fifth day Knuckle sandwich! Berry Gordy's one hit wonder son Rockwell 'attacked housekeeper for taking too long to make lunch' Was arrested afterwards The Cyrus Family (minus Miley) takes over Today show... with duet between Billy Ray and Noah The country crooner sang with his daughter  Frankly I don't give a Dame! Helen Mirren jets into LA with husband Taylor Hackford following unconventional university commencement speech Beaming Uma Thurman brings her son Levon, 15, to amfAR gala during Cannes... as she wows in gold skirt with blazer and button up Mother-son night out  Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans settles custody battle for seven-year-old son with estranged mother Barbara Came to an agreement in the legal battle 'I do like my butt!': LeAnn Rimes says she 'works pretty hard' doing Tight Tush exercises to look good for husband Eddie Cibrian Big laugh theory! Kaley Cuoco cracks up during casual stroll in T-shirt and jeans with gal pal in Beverly Hills Actress cracked up on her outing  'Are you Judy Garland?': Touchy Boy George tells Chrissie Swan she 'needs to get out more' after she brings up his alcoholic past All tied up! Transgender model Andreja Pejic flaunts slender frame in figure-hugging corset dress at Cannes Film Festival CANNES you believe she stole my look? As the film festival wraps, see the stars, like Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner, who stepped out with twinning styles As rock's most famous album turns 50... Sgt Pepper's getting better all the time! ADRIAN THRILLS reviews the anniversary reissue of the Beatles album  'Why do you assume I'm homeless?': Paris Jackson mistaken for a vagrant and told to move on after arriving early on set  Shock for Michael's girl Revealed: Brad Pitt auditioned for a guest role on Cheers during the Eighties... but lost part because he was 'not funny' Be careful! Supermodel Jessica Hart risks a wardrobe malfunction as she shows off her cleavage in a dangerously low-cut gown at amfAR Gala Eva Longoria documents amfAR Gala with cheeky selfie alongside BFF Victoria Beckham's hubby David during Cannes' most glamorous night Epic sci-fi franchise Star Wars celebrates its 40th anniversary as the Hamilton cast sing happy birthday at Lucasfilm Jennifer Lopez's musical Bye Bye Birdie is postponed by NBC until 2018 due to her demanding schedule  Have shelved the Broadway adaption  Style queen! Melania Trump, 47, upstages fellow first ladies - including France's grouchy-looking Brigitte Macron - in a lacy black dress in Brussels  Knees to meet you! Style editor DINAH VAN TULLEKEN gives her verdict on the First Ladies' fashion face-off  Brigitte Macron against Melania Trump  BRIAN VINER: Walk the plank, Johnny! After 14 years as Cap'n Jack Sparrow, Depp's swash in Pirates of the Caribbean has well and truly buckled  'We're on our way now!' Fredrik Eklund reveals he and his husband are trying for a baby again after their surrogates suffered two miscarriages Twice as nice! Jada Pinkett Smith lunches in ruffled canary yellow dress before changing into white hot crop top for visit to Jimmy Kimmel Live Side-boob flashing Kourtney Kardashian's boytoy Younes, 24, grins as she flaunts her behind in TINY bikini for another day frolicking on a yacht in Cannes  They could have danced all night... Jessica Chastain and Will Smith let their hair down at the amfAR Gala as she dazzles in a backless black gown Get your crocs off! Nicki Minaj wears extreme plunging lace gown to attend amfAR gala... before THROWING herself on the floor in reptilian Balmain dress  'I don't know him': Iggy Azalea denies she's dating NFL superstar Odell Beckham Jr. as she jets out of LAX Quashed reports the two are an item  Revealed: Star Wars The Last Jedi will have no love story, no alien main character... and no 'Donald Trump' Change in direction from the original trilogy  Oh baby! Flirty Rita Ora blows kisses and makes heart signs in statement pink mini dress with tulle shoulder detail as she lights up the amfAR Gala Braless Bella Hadid flashes far too much, Shanina gives an eyeful of sideboob, Nicki spills out and Elsa grasps her bustier at eye-popping Cannes gala Bella Hadid pops champagne on stage to share with new pal Jordan Barrett and fellow supermodel Jessica Hart at amfAR gala Flawless in France! Nicole Kidman, 49, shows off her ageless complexion as she beams for the cameras at the Cannes amfAR Gala BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Formidable Nicole Kidman is the queen of Cannes  She has stunned in a variety of outfits throughout the festival  Blake Lively set to star in new project based on book by Big Little Lies author Liana Moriarty CBS Films is hoping to recreate the success of the HBO hit series  Making a splash! Keri Russell and mini me daughter wear matching rain boots while braving the showers in New York Her little girl is taking after her stylish mom 'We're flattered and business people!' Teen Mom Amber Portwood and fiance Matt Baier confirm they're considering filming sex tape to make 'millions' Live like an icon: Jackie Kennedy's childhood East Hampton luxurious estate hits the market for a whopping $51million 10 beds, 10 baths Oops - we forgot to declare our art works . Ivanka and Jared will register results of lengthy contemporary art spree they omitted from official papers  Shanina Shaik flaunts MAJOR sideboob in daring metallic gown at the amfAR Gala as  Izabel Goulart, Lara Stone and Irina Shayk dazzle at Cannes Standing tall! Melissa George cuts a stunning figure in a floor-length gown with a dramatic thigh split at the amfAR Gala in Cannes She's had a difficult year Mariah Carey branded 'bananas' by movie co-star who claims she'd show up 'four hours late' and demand 'all white roses' and 'stuffed toys' in trailer Size 22 model Tess Holliday proudly shares 'unflattering, unretouched' photo of herself in underwear behind the scenes of a shoot Baring (Kend)all! Jenner shows off her lithe physique in sizzling thong bikini... yet risks flashing too much while climbing onto Cannes yacht Ed Sheeran backs new 'anti-scalping' website where fans can 'safely' buy and resell concert tickets at original price to avoid getting ripped off Hayden Panettiere's character struggles to make comeback as Nashville returns with pregnancy, mugging and arrests High drama on hit show Adrienne Bailon flaunts her voluptuous figure in plunging swimsuit while celebrating her husband Israel's birthday in the Dominican Republic Clowning around! A smiling Jennifer Garner has Red Nose Day fun with her mother Patricia and son Samuel after coffee run in LA Actress got into the spirit  One-and-done! As Kendall Jenner and Eva Longoria step out in stylish rompers, FEMAIL rounds up the 24 prettiest options for YOU to shop now  Taraji P Henson escapes injury as she CRASHES the $100K Maserati she was driving into a fire hydrant on the set of her movie Proud Mary Iskra Lawrence shows off her curves in a Photoshop-free swimwear snap, after sharing heavily retouched photos from early in her career German model Toni Garrn oozes glamour in a satin halterneck gown as she attends German Media Awards honouring Barack Obama Sneak peek: Gillian Anderson transforms into David Bowie in American Gods X-Files actress takes on different forms in the  Starz show  Man's story about how Mr. Rogers helped him to overcome 'dark time' in his life goes viral, after icon's quote was used to inspire hope following Manchester bombing Pretty girl with her pretty friend! Lana Del Rey strolls in West Hollywood with a blonde pal... as she has yet to be seen in public with 'beau' G-Eazy Still friends with SOMEONE at NBC! Billy Bush meets Hoda Kotb's baby just days after giving his first interview about the p****gate scandal A romantic dinner for two! Vanderpump Rules vet Scheana Marie is seen leaving Catch in West Hollywood with beau of three months Robert Valletta Well she is at work! Katy Perry goes for utility chic with voluminous jumpsuit nipped in at waist for intimate London gig to launch radio show Bethenny reveals she dated Jennifer Lopez's beau Alex Rodriguez... as Eric Stonestreet CONFIRMS he romanced Frankel adding she was a 'good kisser' No rest for the Ratajkowski! Emily goes TOPLESS as she snaps sizzling selfie from her bed... after a week of storming the red carpet at Cannes 'They look real to me!' Jonathan Cheban says he does not think the Kardashians have had plastic surgery on their famously showstopping backsides Selma Blair runs errands solo in pretty striped dress but goes without ring amid engagement rumors She's been wearing a ring on her left hand  Blunder Woman! Connie Nielsen, 51, accidentally flashes her derriere as she goes underwear free to promote for new superhero flick in NYC Inside the secret apartment at Radio City Music Hall that's been untouched but perfectly maintained since its theater impresario owner died in 1936 'It's changed my body!': Real Housewives Of NYC vet Kelly Bensimon, 49, says she's in the best shape of her life thanks to spinning classes Better late than never! Mark Zuckerberg tears up as he returns to Harvard to collect an honorary degree 13-years after dropping out to launch Facebook  'I don't see any muscles': Olympic champion Aly Raisman calls out male TSA worker who body shamed her as she went through airport security Family reunion! Surviving Stark children unite for special Game Of Thrones shoot  As families go, they have been through more than most They sure made a pretty teenager! Boxer Oscar De La Hoya takes 18-year-old daughter he had with Playboy model Shanna Moakler to LA charity event Wonder what they have to talk about! Justin Bieber's exes Sofia Richie and Chantel Jeffries look very friendly as they hang out at pool in Cannes Gimme Gimme Gimme that role! Pierce Brosnan confirms he'll star in Mamma Mia 2 as he shares snap with co-star Meryl Streep Sequel to beloved flick 'Everyone is so afraid of carbs but I eat them': Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough reveals she enjoys potatoes and bread... but in moderation 'She knew she belonged in Hollywood!' Taraji P. Henson shares her sassy senior high school photo and reveals she 'dreamed big AF' as a teen Tom Cruise's The Mummy is the latest movie to call off London premiere following Manchester bomb... after Warner Bros' cancel Wonder Woman  No sugared almonds for Pippa! Bride gave her guests personalized MARSHMALLOWS from her brother James' cake company as wedding favors 'A man's gotta romp when wearing a romper': Howie Mandel shows excitement over latest men's fashion craze by frolicking around Ellen set Carrie Fisher demanded final Star Wars center around Princess Leia... and producer reveals Disney planned to grant wish before her death Niall Horan admits he would drop everything for One Direction reunion... as he addresses Selena Gomez romance rumors and feud with Zayn EXCLUSIVE: Ocean rescue chief who trained Dwayne Johnson for Baywatch film says hunk isn't a top notch swimmer - but he's better than Zac Efron Tiffany Trump and Marla Maples leave their apartment with a Secret Service escort, days after Donald's ex took selfies at site of fatal Times Square car crash 'This is not your grandma's Broadway!' Olivia Wilde reveals four people fainted during her performance in 1984 New NYC production of George Orwell classic  Always time for her fans! Alexandra Daddario signs sexy photos of herself for admirers as she continues to promote Baywatch in NYC John F. Kennedy's hunky grandson Jack and sisters lead family tributes to late President in new video ahead of what would have been his 100th birthday Melting hearts! Penelope Disick clutches onto a phone as she's joined by sweet cousin North West for frozen yogurt trip with doting grandmother Kris Still stunning! The Good Wife's Vanessa Williams looks amazing at age 54 as she flaunts her impressive cleavage in plunging catsuit at Sony party in LA Strike a pose! Melania Trump once again takes sweet selfies with young patients at a children's hospital in Brussels, a day after visiting sick kids at the Vatican Leo who? Nina Agdal gets cozy with handsome mystery guy after split from DiCaprio The 25-year-old model was pictured flirting up a storm in New York City  'She tapped this!' Zac Efron dishes about getting flirty with Madonna ringside at Madison Square Garden Baywatch star talked to Jimmy Kimmel  Properties in Nashville, Beverly Hills, NYC and Australia, jaw-dropping jewelry... and SIX pet alpacas: Inside Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban's lavish lifestyle  Australian Bachelor star Megan Marx puts on a VERY busty display in a tiny bikini after hinting she went skinny dipping in Sydney with Tom Cruise 'I'm stuck!' James Corden is left hanging after hilarious Dancing On The Ceiling parody with Lionel Richie  Pair dressed in 80s style to recreate video Queen Elizabeth visits young terror attack victims at Royal Manchester Children's Hospital and thanks heroic medics who treated them A family affair! Prince Andrew teams up with daughter Princess Eugenie to host a garden party honoring charity workers at Buckingham Palace  Riding through life together! Cindy Crawford, 51, looks youthful as she enjoys cruising with husband of 19 years Rande Gerber in Malibu Leggy Doutzen Kroes keeps it casual in oversized hoodie and sneakers as she enjoys a stroll through Cannes with her DJ husband Sunnery James 'Don't be in a rush to get married!' Helen Mirren tells graduates she's GLAD she waited until she was 52 to tie knot as she shares her 'rules for a happy life'   Brazilian bombshell Izabel Goulart showcases her impossibly long legs in plunging flirty floral mini-dress as she steps out at Cannes Ariana Grande is targeted by online trolls who accuse her of 'letting terrorists win' as she suspends her tour in the wake of the terror attack Bountiful and booty-ful: Ariel Winter exposes her derriere in a revealing bikini snap while kissing beau She's never one to cover up her curvy figure Chloe Sevigny shows off legs in Daisy Dukes as she enjoys shopping day in New York The 42-year-old is soon playing accused axe murderer Lizzie Borden Detroit hotel room where Chris Cornell hanged himself is closed to the public after flood of macabre tourists try to book $600-a-night suite  'I'm nervous!': Celine Dion dresses up as Belle from Beauty And The Beast as she performs How Does A Moment Last Forever for first time 'Anyone else not having the time of their life?' ABC's 'passionless' Dirty Dancing remake of 1987 movie is savaged by TV critics and viewers Nothing Meek(s) about him! 'Hot felon' Jeremy mingles with fellow models as he continues to make his mark on the fashion world at Philipp Plein's Cannes catwalk 'I'm not in control': Modern Family's Sarah Hyland reveals health issues in emotional letter to body shamers who accused her of 'promoting anorexia' Sexy señorita! Britney Spears stuns in flamenco style mini dress in series of Instagram snaps She continues to show off her fantastic figure She scrubs up well! Bella Thorne dons silver gown and tiara in Cannes as she takes a break from canoodling with Scott Disick Left villa they're sharing The heart(throb) of the ocean! Titanic star Billy Zane, 51, shows off his manly physique as he takes a dip with bikini-clad brunette in the South of France 'He's like a naughty schoolboy': Rod Stewart's wife Penny Lancaster praises 'sexy' rocker and reveals she almost dumped him at start of their romance  Doting dad Ryan Gosling dresses down in baseball cap and shades as he enjoys a day out with daughter Esmeralda in Los Angeles No time to spare! Topless Bethenny Frankel flashes her ample bosom as she gets completely naked while changing in the car Nothing else left? Jessica Chastain puts a rare fashion foot wrong in dowdy blouse and baggy flares after wowing Cannes with array of stylish outfits 'Jealous' Johnny Depp's 'anger over Amber Heard's sex scenes in legally-mired movie played a part in their divorce' Pressure on then-wife 'Am I angry? Hell yes': Ariana Grande's manager Scooter Braun blasts 'cowardly' terrorists and vows to respond with 'love, joy and life' 'You never want to miss the point': Orange Is The New Black Star Yael Stone reveals nerves over Picnic At Hanging Rock reboot Brand new miniseries  Cara Delevingne covers her shaved head with vibrant candy pink wig as she cackles with her co-stars while filming Life In A Year in Toronto Bowling them over! Prince Charles puts on a dapper display as he launches a major cricket tournament in London   Suited and booted royal  'I totally trust him': Luann de Lesseps stands by fiance Tom D'Agostino on RHONY despite new infidelity claims Stood by her fiance Flex appeal! Bella Hadid sets pulses racing with her impressively leggy figure in skimpy briefs as she contorts into striking poses for Giuseppe Zanotti shoot Ivanka and Jared's Roman date night: Couple slips away for pizza, pasta and red wine at restaurant where First Daughter makes a portrait blunder Stunning model Lara Stone shows off her famous figure in nothing but a white shirt and briefs as she relaxes with pals on her balcony in Cannes A Zippy Bungle! Sex addict Scott Disick's fly is down as he steps out to party in Cannes after a raunchy day with 19-year-old actress Bella Thorne Braless Kourtney Kardashian, 38, is dwarfed by toyboy lover Younes Bendjima, 24, as he leads her to a nightclub in Cannes Keeping Up With Younes Kendall Jenner dons diamonds and tasseled bra-top in Cannes with beau A$AP Rocky She's finally brought her new boyfriend to Cannes for the festival 'It's really important to tell the story': Lily Collins discusses losing weight to play anorexia sufferer in To The Bone... after battling with her own eating disorder Happily Eva after! Braless Longoria and dapper husband Jose Antonio Bastón pack on the PDA as they party the night away at Cannes Hailey Baldwin struggles to contain assets in gold mini dress with plunging neckline in Cannes Daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin  Specs-y and she knows it! Make-up free Ariel Winter still turns heads in low-cut vest and shredded hotpants for stroll with her boyfriend 'I want someone lovely to have kids with!' Orlando Bloom says he is ready to settle down again... after 'night of passion' with waitress who got her fired Sisters-in-law Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie catch up over pamper session at nail salon in Beverly Hills Married to twin brothers Benji and Joel Madden 'She has learned from the past': Taylor Swift is keeping her relationship with Joe Alwyn 'insanely private' in a bid to avoid another high-profile split Intriguing dating history She's a real knockout! Busty Baywatch babe Charlotte McKinney leaves the gym after a boxing session The film hits theaters this week  Kim Kardashian's Beverly Hills starter home, where ex-husband Kris Humphries proposed, hits the market for $5.5m Petra Nemcova wows in a scarlet dress with sheer cut-out detailing as she joins fellow model Toni Garrn at the star-studded Generous People gala in Cannes Game of Thrones creator George R.R. Martin likens Donald Trump to arch-villain Joffrey and says President is 'petulant and irrational' For the frill of it! Mischa Barton wears 70s style sheer orange embroidered gown as she steps out at L'Oreal bash in Cannes Effortlessly chic Brooklyn Beckham's model ex Sonia Ben Ammar goes braless in perilously plunging blazer after wowing in glamorous figure-hugging gown at Cannes How Real Housewives live! Lisa Rinna steps out for coffee in fur-trimmed designer slip-ons in Beverly Hills She paired the pricey shoes with jeans  Would YOU wear naked leggings? Bella Hadid and Kylie Jenner make skin-tight NUDE pants the summer's hottest look (and you can't wear underwear) Cold feet? Ruby Rose left 'angry' after realizing pop star girlfriend Jess Origliasso jetted off Down Under with all of the actress' SOCKS Posted stern message Jennifer Lopez, Mariah Carey and Celine Dion will go ahead with planned concerts in Las Vegas... despite ISIS threat to target city The show must go on Teamwork! Ashley Graham flashes major cleavage as she gets in sweaty workout at the gym with husband Justin Ervin Was working hard  Stranger Things' kids take over Lip Sync Battle... as co-host Chrissy Teigen dresses like Barb Young stars faced off for the Spike competition  Looks like the law won... again! Abby Lee Miller lands herself a parking fine as she spends her days in LA ahead of prison sentence Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her toned abs and ample cleavage in a bralet as she joins scantily-clad sister Kendall Jenner for night out in Cannes 'Wore five-inch heels and still couldn't keep up': Eva Longoria pokes fun at her petite frame as statuesque models tower over her at Cannes L'Oreal party Legs for days! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts her INSANELY long gams as she works out in New York City She's 5ft 10ins tall What cat fight? Carefree Katy Perry brings out her wild side in leopard print top for London night out... after claiming she 'has no beef' with Taylor Swift Beauty and a beat! Erin Holland puts her trim pins on display in a cut-out lace dress as she leads red carpet arrivals at Spotify's 5th Birthday party Busty Kylie Jenner flashes cleavage in plunging white mesh top as she puckers up for selfies She is never shy to expose her assets 'We will cherish your memory forever': 'Devastated' Mariah Carey pens touching tribute to fan who was killed in Manchester terror attack Massive orgy scene filmed for HBO drama series The Leftovers sees 200 naked actors spend a week on an Australian ferry Raunchy footage  What's that for? Jared Leto shares stomach churning snap of blood being drawn from his tattooed arm  He's always been an unconventional star May the breast woman win! BFFs Blac Chyna and Amber Rose bare their busts in strapless bras for second day in a row on social media Flaunted their assets  Ariana Grande fans launch Twitter campaign to get her song One Last Time to the top of the charts in memory of Manchester attack victims 'Winter is coming': Billie Lourd takes to Instagram to tease upcoming role in FX anthology American Horror Story Image from season  She's abs-olutely ripped! Elyse Taylor looks fit and fabulous as she flaunts her EXTREMELY toned body in a sizzling bikini photo shoot Mandy Moore dons b&w pencil dress for College TV Awards... after guest star gig on Drunk History This Is Us star turned heads on the red carpet 'Choose love': Harry Styles stops Mexico gig to pay tribute to victims of Manchester terrorist atrocity and reveals he went to first ever concert at the Arena Best friends! Katharine McPhee takes pooches on walk as she flashes svelte legs during break from filming The Lost Wife of Robert Durst Looked relaxed off set  It's a girl! Survivor villain Jonny Fairplay announces birth of second child Welcomed a daughter with his wife Caryn on May 20  Rosario Dawson discusses late cousin Vaneza Ines Vazquez...weeks after actress 'found her unresponsive' Tragic circumstances Annabelle Wallis keeps her look classic in an elegant blue dress as she poses alongside co-star Tom Cruise at The Mummy press conference in Taiwan Because she's worth it! Barbara Palvin wows in metallic thigh-split dress at L'Oreal party in Cannes... as her outfit tally reaches FOUR in one day Still in great shape! Kelsey Grammer, 62, shows off toned chest as he splashes around with wife, 37, and son, two, in Miami pool Also had a huge smile Stalker who broke into Sandra Bullock's home is to be released on probation after making plea deal Joshua James Corbett was being held in jail  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story The death of the Great Barrier Reef from space: Satellites capture catastrophic coral die off 16 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it KidsPost In China, the scoreboard reads: Computers, 2. Humans, 0. An ancient strategy game, go, was thought too difficult for computers to master. Nope. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it An ancient strategy game, go, was thought too difficult for computers to master. Nope. Ke Jie thought he was on the verge of beating a computer program in the complicated game of go. The computer got the better of him, twice. (Agence France-Presse via Getty Images) By Associated Press By Associated Press May 25 at 11:59 AM A computer beat China’s top player of go, one of the last games machines have yet to master, for a second time Thursday, a sign that the field of artificial intelligence is advancing faster than expected. An IBM supercomputer known as Deep Blue defeated chess grandmaster Garry Kasparov in 1997. But many go players expected it to be at least 10 more years before computers mastered go, which is considered far more complicated for machines to master. Go players take turns putting white or black stones on a rectangular grid with 361 intersections, trying to capture territory and each other’s pieces by surrounding them. The near-infinite number of possible positions requires intuition and flexibility — traits that human beings long believed a computer could never possess. But then European and South Korean go champions began to fall to Google’s AlphaGo computer program. The program defeated Ke Jie (pronounced kuh jay), a 19-year-old Chinese prodigy, on Tuesday and then again two days later, during an artificial-intelligence forum that Google organized in the Chinese city of Wuzhen (woo-jen). Ke lost despite playing what AlphaGo indicated was the best game any opponent has played against it. What happened? Ke said his loss was probably the result of something all too human: emotion. “I … thought that I was very close to winning the match in the middle,” Ke said. “I could feel my heart thumping. But maybe because I was too excited, I did some wrong or stupid moves. I guess that’s the biggest weak point of human beings.” [Not even the best go players feel they have mastered the game] He and AlphaGo play a final game Saturday in a country where go is extremely popular. Google says 60 million people in China watched online when AlphaGo played South Korea’s go champion in March 2016. This time, Chinese censors blocked most of the country’s Web users from seeing the Google site carrying the feed. None of China’s dozens of video sites carried the live broadcasts but a recording of Tuesday’s game was available the next night on one popular site. The government encourages Internet use for business and education but tries to block access to material considered subversive, or rebellious. Social media and video-sharing websites such as Facebook and YouTube are blocked, and Internet companies are required to have teams of censors to watch social media and remove banned material. 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Layton, UTAH Reason #135 Why Outsourcing Your Nationwide Reputation-Management Needs and Custom Blog Content Creation to www.G3-Development.co Is Adventurous Layton, UT — (SBWIRE) — 05/25/2017 — Search engine optimization (SEO) is the process of affecting the visibility of a website or a web page in a search engine’s „natural” or un-paid („organic”) search results. In general, the earlier (or higher ranked on the search results page), and more frequently a site appears in the search results list, the more visitors it will receive from the search engine’s users. SEO may target different kinds of search, including image search, local search, video search, academic search, news search and industry-specific vertical search engines. As an Internet marketing strategy, SEO considers how search engines work, what people search for, the actual search terms or keywords typed into search engines and which search engines are preferred by their targeted audience. Optimizing a website may involve editing its content, HTML and associated coding to both increase its relevance to specific keywords and to remove barriers to the indexing activities of search engines. Promoting a site to increase the number of backlinks, or inbound links, is another SEO tactic. Webmasters and content providers began optimizing sites for search engines in the mid-1990s, as the first search engines were cataloging the early Web. Initially, all webmasters needed to do was to submit the address of a page, or URL, to the various engines which would send a „spider” to „crawl” that page, extract links to other pages from it, and return information found on the page to be indexed. The process involves a search engine spider downloading a page and storing it on the search engine’s own server, where a second program, known as an indexer, extracts various information about the page, such as the words it contains and where these are located, as well as any weight for specific words, and all links the page contains, which are then placed into a scheduler for crawling at a later date. Layton, UTAH Reason #135 Why Outsourcing Your Nationwide Reputation-Management Needs and Custom Blog Content Creation to http://www.G3-Development.co/ is Adventurous By 2004, search engines had incorporated a wide range of undisclosed factors in their ranking algorithms to reduce the impact of link manipulation. In June 2007, The New York Times’ Saul Hansell stated Google ranks sites using more than 200 different signals. The leading search engines, Google, Bing, and Yahoo, do not disclose the algorithms they use to rank pages. Some SEO practitioners have studied different approaches to search engine optimization, and have shared their personal opinions.  Patents related to search engines can provide information to better understand search engines. In 2005, Google began personalizing search results for each user. Depending on their history of previous searches, Google crafted results for logged in users. In 2008, Bruce Clay said that „ranking is dead” because of personalized search. He opined that it would become meaningless to discuss how a website ranked, because its rank would potentially be different for each user and each search. In December 2009, Google announced it would be using the web search history of all its users in order to populate search results. Google Instant, real-time-search, was introduced in late 2010 in an attempt to make search results more timely and relevant. Historically site administrators have spent months or even years optimizing a website to increase search rankings. With the growth in popularity of social media sites and blogs the leading engines made changes to their algorithms to allow fresh content to rank quickly within the search results. In February 2011, Google announced the Panda update, which penalizes websites containing content duplicated from other websites and sources. Historically websites have copied content from one another and benefited in search engine rankings by engaging in this practice, however Google implemented a new system which punishes sites whose content is not unique.  In April 2012, Google launched the Google Penguin update the goal of which was to penalize websites that used manipulative techniques to improve their rankings on the search engine. About G3 Development G3 Development is set out to proactively serve the business community by providing solutions in entrepreneurialism, business development, social media and venture capitalism. To provide leadership in establishing strength with our client’s international businesses, being built on a foundation of innovation, advocacy, technology and business integrity. http://www.g3-development.co/ 877-229-9183 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Taste the World’s Most Exotic Fruit at Fruitpital Fair in Chanthaburi, Thailand, June 3-11 Next PostNext GobiMin Announces First Quarter 2017 Results Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Layton, UTAH Reason #135 Why Outsourcing Your Nationwide Reputation-Management Needs and Custom Blog Content Creation to www.G3-Development.co Is Adventurous Layton, UT — (SBWIRE) — 05/25/2017 — Search engine optimization (SEO) is the process of affecting the visibility of a website or a web page in a search engine’s „natural” or un-paid („organic”) search results. In general, the earlier (or higher ranked on the search results page), and more frequently a site appears in the search results list, the more visitors it will receive from the search engine’s users. SEO may target different kinds of search, including image search, local search, video search, academic search, news search and industry-specific vertical search engines. As an Internet marketing strategy, SEO considers how search engines work, what people search for, the actual search terms or keywords typed into search engines and which search engines are preferred by their targeted audience. Optimizing a website may involve editing its content, HTML and associated coding to both increase its relevance to specific keywords and to remove barriers to the indexing activities of search engines. Promoting a site to increase the number of backlinks, or inbound links, is another SEO tactic. Webmasters and content providers began optimizing sites for search engines in the mid-1990s, as the first search engines were cataloging the early Web. Initially, all webmasters needed to do was to submit the address of a page, or URL, to the various engines which would send a „spider” to „crawl” that page, extract links to other pages from it, and return information found on the page to be indexed. The process involves a search engine spider downloading a page and storing it on the search engine’s own server, where a second program, known as an indexer, extracts various information about the page, such as the words it contains and where these are located, as well as any weight for specific words, and all links the page contains, which are then placed into a scheduler for crawling at a later date. Layton, UTAH Reason #135 Why Outsourcing Your Nationwide Reputation-Management Needs and Custom Blog Content Creation to http://www.G3-Development.co/ is Adventurous By 2004, search engines had incorporated a wide range of undisclosed factors in their ranking algorithms to reduce the impact of link manipulation. In June 2007, The New York Times’ Saul Hansell stated Google ranks sites using more than 200 different signals. The leading search engines, Google, Bing, and Yahoo, do not disclose the algorithms they use to rank pages. Some SEO practitioners have studied different approaches to search engine optimization, and have shared their personal opinions.  Patents related to search engines can provide information to better understand search engines. In 2005, Google began personalizing search results for each user. Depending on their history of previous searches, Google crafted results for logged in users. In 2008, Bruce Clay said that „ranking is dead” because of personalized search. He opined that it would become meaningless to discuss how a website ranked, because its rank would potentially be different for each user and each search. In December 2009, Google announced it would be using the web search history of all its users in order to populate search results. Google Instant, real-time-search, was introduced in late 2010 in an attempt to make search results more timely and relevant. Historically site administrators have spent months or even years optimizing a website to increase search rankings. With the growth in popularity of social media sites and blogs the leading engines made changes to their algorithms to allow fresh content to rank quickly within the search results. In February 2011, Google announced the Panda update, which penalizes websites containing content duplicated from other websites and sources. Historically websites have copied content from one another and benefited in search engine rankings by engaging in this practice, however Google implemented a new system which punishes sites whose content is not unique.  In April 2012, Google launched the Google Penguin update the goal of which was to penalize websites that used manipulative techniques to improve their rankings on the search engine. About G3 Development G3 Development is set out to proactively serve the business community by providing solutions in entrepreneurialism, business development, social media and venture capitalism. To provide leadership in establishing strength with our client’s international businesses, being built on a foundation of innovation, advocacy, technology and business integrity. http://www.g3-development.co/ 877-229-9183 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Taste the World’s Most Exotic Fruit at Fruitpital Fair in Chanthaburi, Thailand, June 3-11 Next PostNext GobiMin Announces First Quarter 2017 Results Search Recent Posts Asia Pacific Flexible Glass Market expected to grow at a CAGR 36.5% from 2014 to 2020 Depth Research of Global Feed Premix Market Professional Survey 2017 Industry forecast from 2017 to 2022 Demand of Piglet Feed Market in United States Industry : Technology, Applications, Growth and Status 2017 – 2022 Carbofuran Sales Market – Advanced technologies, Global Forecast and Winning Imperatives, 2017 – 2022 Depth Research of Global Calcium Aluminate Cement (CAC) Sales Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Why Google is taking a risk in linking online ads to offline payments Kik app debuts digital currency amid bitcoin boom PayThink Google's rightfully pushing the 'pays' to improve shopping experience PayThink Mobile pay's slow start aside, it's the key for retailers' fast growth List 5 of Google's latest moves in payments search goes here Why Google is taking a risk in linking online ads to offline payments By Nick Holland Published May 25 2017, 11:17am EDT More in Data privacy Digital payments Google Print Email Reprints Share Share on At the recent Google Marketing Next event in San Francisco, Google revealed a new service designed to close the loop between online advertising and offline card payments. It's a service that should have marketers salivating, but it could easily backfire. Called ‘Google Attribution’, the system aims to end ‘last click attribution,' the practice in marketing of attributing the purchase to the last advertising touch point that a customer makes, and instead provides a more holistic data driven model to provide a 360 degree view of all of the touch points down to the final purchase. Limited Time Offer Save over $700 on your subscription. Special offer expires April 30, 2017. Learn More 14-Day Free Trial Authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the industry Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, May 26, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News In Words, and Actions, Tough Posturing From Trump to Allies By MICHAEL D. SHEAR, MARK LANDLER and JAMES KANTER 9:05 PM ET President Trump promised NATO leaders that the U.S. would “never forsake” them, but also reminded them of their duty to pay a fair share of the costs. The discord was palpable even in the body language, which included an awkward handshake with one world leader and a little jostling with another. Trump Appears to Push Aside the Leader of Montenegro European Visits by Trump and Obama: a Study in Contrasts By ALISON SMALE It was a coincidence of scheduling for the German chancellor, Angela Merkel, but the difference in the receptions of the former and the current presidents was telling. Republican Captures House Seat Despite Assault Charge By JONATHAN MARTIN and ALEXANDER BURNS 2:13 AM ET Greg Gianforte, a candidate in Montana’s closely watched election, overcame a crisis of his own making to claim the state’s lone House seat after he was accused of physically attacking a reporter. Election Results Journalist Was Attacked? Some Conservatives Await Apology. From News Media. Appeals Court Rules Against Revised Trump Travel Ban By ADAM LIPTAK 9:27 PM ET A federal appeals court in Richmond, Va., said the ban discriminated on the basis of religion. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said he would appeal the ruling to the Supreme Court.  Comments More in Politics White House Considers Moving Student Loan Debt to Treasury 8:25 PM ET Senator Says Budget’s Math Would ‘Make Bernie Madoff Blush’ News Analysis Leaks: Annoying the Authorities Is the American Way By SCOTT SHANE 9:41 PM ET Is there something unique to the United States about leaking? Some national allergy to protecting government secrets? Yes, in fact, there is. Trump Calls for U.S. Inquiry Into Leaks on Manchester Public Editor: The Bombing, the Photos and the Outcry Britain Asks if It Could Have Stopped Manchester Bomber By STEPHEN CASTLE and CAMILLA SCHICK The bomber, Salman Abedi, had raised such serious concerns that acquaintances called an antiterrorism hotline to report that he held extremist views. The Latest on the Manchester Bombing Investigation The Daily 360 1:26 China’s Ancient Circular Walled Homes Sarah Li/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Did the Turkish President’s Security Attack Protesters in Washington? We reviewed videos and photos to track 24 men, including armed members of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s security detail, responsible for this month’s violence outside the Turkish Embassy. By MALACHY BROWNE, TROY GRIGGS, CHRIS CIRILLO and NATALIE RENEAU Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and LISA IABONI Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Your Friday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 12:40 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ How the unsolved murder of Seth Rich has become a case study of how and why fake news endures. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Take a Walk Down Memory Lane. It Can Be Healthy. By MATT STEVENS We’ve learned a lot about nostalgia, what triggers it and how it works. (Caution for readers of a certain age: sentimental songs and videos ahead.) Charcoal or Gas? Depends on What You’re Grilling By SAM SIFTON You get great smoky flavor from cooking over or beside coals or wood. But on a Wednesday night there is little easier than lighting a gas grill.  Comments The Remarkable Death and Life of John Shields Days before he was scheduled to die, Mr. Shields had a surprising idea. He wanted to have an Irish wake for himself. There would be music and booze and one unusual element — he would be there. By CATHERINE PORTER Comments ‘Love, Rick’: Letters Track Teacher’s Seduction Attempts By ELIZABETH A. HARRIS A former student has letters — seductive, flattering, threatening — from a teacher later accused of sexual abuse at another boarding school. Novel’s Character Accuses Real Tennis Stars of Doping By STUART MILLER A trainer in the new novel by Douglas Brunt, the husband of Megyn Kelly, levels doping claims against Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic and others that are likely to leap off the pages. Our Critic Didn’t Like the New ‘Pirates’ Movie. At All. By A. O. SCOTT “Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales” brings back Johnny Depp’s Captain Sparrow but leaves the joy an ocean away.  Comments Saudis Turn to Blackstone to Invest $20 Billion in U.S. By KATE KELLY and LANDON THOMAS Jr. 8:51 PM ET Saudi Arabia’s largest sovereign wealth fund will make a $20 billion investment in a new Blackstone Group infrastructure project, which could then double in size and produce steady returns. UPS Ordered to Pay $247 Million for Shipping Cigarettes By MATTHEW HAAG 11:47 PM ET A federal judge in Manhattan said UPS needed to pay a “very significant award” to curb future conduct and to send a message to company executives about illegally shipping cigarettes. More News Prison Rape Prevention Officials Charged With Sexual Assault Top Russians Spoke of Ways to Sway Trump Advisers Cavaliers Back in the Finals With a 135-102 Win Over Boston Senate Panel Imposes Stiff Iran Sanctions, Saying Russia Is Next Lieberman Withdraws From Consideration as F.B.I. Director Morning Briefing: Australia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Australia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Asia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Asia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Europe Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Europe. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing The news and stories that matter. Delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Australia’s ‘Stolen Generations’ Tell Their Stories In “Generations Stolen,” Matthew Sherwood documents the fates of mixed-race aboriginal children who had been kidnapped from their families during Australia’s disastrous experiment with forced assimilation. Crime, Women, and Outsider Perspectives In this week’s newsletter: a discussion about fiction and Lizzie Borden plus photos of Australia’s ‘stolen generation,’ and an appraisal of Roger Moore. Court Ruling Could Make Taiwan First Place in Asia to Legalize Gay Marriage If the island’s legislature doesn’t act in the next two years, same-sex couples can register their marriages with the authorities, the constitutional court said. Edible Blossoms to Brighten Your Plate Snip off the flowering tops of herbs to make a colorful compound butter for fish, chicken, vegetables or toast. Amanda Chantal Bacon: Wellness for the Stars Deciphering the rise of a lifestyle guru who sells self-absorption as the ultimate luxury product. Surfers in France Hold Dreams of Olympic Gold Competitors at the World Surfing Games in France are setting their sights on 2020 in Tokyo, where their sport will be added to the Olympics. The Opinion Pages Is NATO Getting Too Big to Succeed? By CHARLES A. KUPCHAN Why Trump should call for a halt to the alliance’s expansion. Get Married, Get Healthy? Maybe Not By BELLA DEPAULO A study challenges the myth that marriage is a magic potion.  Comments Sarah Vowell: Don’t Judge Montana for a Body Slam Join us on Facebook » David Leonhardt The Assault on Colleges — and the American Dream With state funding down, top public colleges are replacing lower-income students with affluent ones.  Comments Editorial: The White House’s Aversion to Ethical Scrutiny Blow: The Flynn Affair Collins: Trump Can’t Add To Impeach or Not to Impeach 10:21 PM ET Kristof: Republican Hypocrisy Stephens: Carnage, Memory and Manchester User Subscriptions A Bomb Explodes in Manchester. Then What? Interviewing Truck Drivers at a Crossroads Times Insider » A Bomb Explodes in Manchester. Then What? The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Art & Design Make the Most of the Louvre Opinion How the G.O.P. Sabotaged Obamacare Times Insider Interviewing Truck Drivers at a Crossroads Health Rare Gene Mutations Inspire New Heart Drugs Opinion Statues Fall; the Specter of the Noose Rises Travel From Vibrant Jewish Hub to Culinary Hotbed N.Y. / Region The Crazy Ladies Detective Agency Opinion The Jihadi State of Mind Without prospects for social progress, nations will become more vulnerable to random acts of violence by deranged misfits. Music City Opera Will Stage ‘Brokeback Mountain’ Magazine A Taste of Home in One Pot Opinion Is NATO Getting Too Big to Succeed? Times Insider At Cannes, Basking Just Below Carte Blanche Sections World » At His Own Wake, Celebrating Life and the Gift of Death European Visits by Trump and Obama Are a Study in Contrasts The Latest Unrest in the Southern Philippines, Explained Business Day » A Journalist Was Body Slammed, but Some Conservatives Want the News Media to Apologize In Controversy, Hannity Isn’t Seeing Advertisers’ Exodus That O’Reilly Did Trump Administration Considers Moving Student Loans from Education Department to Treasury Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Colin Powell: American Leadership — We Can’t Do It for Free Editorial: The White House’s Aversion to Ethical Scrutiny Charles M. Blow: The Flynn Affair U.S. » Appeals Court Will Not Reinstate Trump’s Revised Travel Ban Atlantic Hurricane Season Is Expected to Be Busy 21 Across U.S. Are Indicted in ‘Modern-Day Sex Slave’ Ring Technology » Mark Zuckerberg’s Great American Road Trip Wheels: What Self-Driving Cars See Google’s A.I. Program Rattles Chinese Go Master as It Wins Match Arts » Summer Pages: Books to Breeze Through This Summer In Jennifer Lopez’s ‘World of Dance,’ the Dancers Are the Stars Review: ‘War Machine’: Brad Pitt Has Met the Enemy. He Just Doesn’t Know It Yet. Politics » How Michael Flynn May Have Run Afoul of the Law Trump Budget Plan Offers No Clarity, and So Far No ‘Magic Unicorn’ Trump’s Budget, Breaking Tradition, Seeks Cuts to Service Programs Fashion & Style » Summer in the Hamptons: Eleven Madison Park and Uber (Finally!) Are Coming to the East End The Second Biggest Fashion Show in Cannes Social Q’s: When Is It O.K. to Date a Friend’s Ex? Movies » Review: ‘Baywatch,’ a Romp Full of Surf, Sand and Lots of Skin Review: ‘Dead Men Tell No Tales.’ Not Very Well, Anyway. Critic's Notebook: A Lackluster Cannes and Not Just for the Extra Security New York » Brooklyn Prison Supervisors Charged With Sexually Assaulting Inmates ‘Love, Rick’: Teacher’s Letters Track an Attempted Seduction Brooklyn Prosecutor Scraps 7 Murder Convictions but Says Detective Broke No Laws Sports » LeBron James Scores 5,995th Playoff Point, Taking the Record From Michael Jordan Britain Hopes for a New Chapter at the America’s Cup Penguins 3, Senators 2 | Two overtimes | Pittsburgh wins series, 4-3: Penguins Top Senators in Overtime to Advance to Stanley Cup Finals Theater » Rebecca Hall and Morgan Spector: Together, Onstage and Off Review: Love Grows Complicated for a British Couple in ‘Rotterdam’ Review: In ‘Building the Wall,’ a Post-Trump Vision, Circa 2019 Science » NASA Spacecraft Finds a Chaotic Dance of Storms at Jupiter’s Poles Trilobites: How Whales Became the Biggest Animals on the Planet Trilobites: The Science Behind the Flamingo’s One-Legged Stance Obituaries » Jerry Perenchio, Entertainment Mogul Who Counseled ‘Think Big,’ Dies at 86 Michael Bliss, Historian Who Dispelled Myths of Insulin’s Discovery, Dies at 76 Nora Mae Lyng, Actress at the Heart of ‘Forbidden Broadway,’ Dies at 66 Television » The Summer TV Lineup: 13 Series to Watch A Speedy Refresher Course for Your Summer TV Favorites Have You Heard the One About the Angsty Comic? Yes, Too Often Health » Rare Gene Mutations Inspire New Heart Drugs Trump’s Pick for Mental Health ‘Czar’ Highlights Rift G.O.P. Health Bill Would Leave 23 Million More Uninsured in a Decade, C.B.O. Says Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Indianapolis Footsteps: Mondrian’s World: From Primary Colors to the Boogie Woogie Finding My Florida Books » Summer Pages: Books to Breeze Through This Summer Summer Pages: Summer Reading Recommendations, From 6 Novelists Who Own Bookstores Summer Pages: A Novelist’s Meditation on Loss and Identity Education » Your Money: When Colleges Dangle Money to Lure Students Who Ignored Them Dozens of Middlebury Students Are Disciplined for Charles Murray Protest Commencement Addresses Offer Road Maps to the Future Food » City Kitchen: Edible Blossoms to Brighten Your Plate The Pour: Rioja Grapples With How to Define Its Best Wines Critic's Notebook: Why I’m Not Reviewing Noma Mexico Sunday Review » News Analysis: Will the Presidency Survive This President? Editorial: Watergate? We’re Not There Yet Frank Bruni: A Prayer for Donald Trump Real Estate » The Hunt: With a Balcony and Roof Deck, Room to Breathe Living In: Breezy Point, Queens: Tested by Hurricane Sandy What You Get: $2.3 Million Homes in Colorado, South Carolina and Massachusetts The Upshot » Civics Lessons: Checking Democracy’s Pulse Public Health: C.B.O. Has Clear Message About Losers in House Health Bill A Question of Incentive: Why Work Requirement Became a Theme of the Trump Budget Magazine » Feature: How Amanda Chantal Bacon Perfected the Celebrity Wellness Business Still Processing: Being Black in the Age of Wokeness Letter of Recommendation: Letter of Recommendation: ‘Terrace House’ Automobiles » Jim Hackett, Ford’s New C.E.O., Has a History of Turnaround Stories Driven: Video Review: Cadillac CT6 Adds ‘Sporty’ to the Luxury Lexicon Wheels: What Self-Driving Cars See T Magazine » At Tea With the Legendary Painter Wayne Thiebaud Market Report: 6 Polished Loafers, With an Unusual Edge 48 Hours: In Dallas With One of Fashion’s Most Innovative Designers Times Insider » A Bomb Explodes in Manchester. Then What? Basking Just Below Carte Blanche Picturing the First World War: British Officer or Tusken Raider? Real Estate » The Hunt With a Balcony and Roof Deck, Room to Breathe By JOYCE COHEN Justine Thorner and Tom Burke missed out on some opportunities in Greenpoint, their chosen neighborhood in Brooklyn, but finally found a one-bedroom that met most of their needs. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google's 'godlike' AlphaGo AI defeats the world's best Go player in the second of three matches AlphaGo stunned observers last year by trouncing a South Korean grandmaster This is the second time Google's Deep Mind AI has faced a master in public The software beat Ke Jie, 19, by half a point in their first match on Tuesday The AI took an unassailable 2-0 lead in their second showdown today By Reuters and Tim Collins For Mailonline Published: 04:33 EDT, 25 May 2017 | Updated: 05:03 EDT, 25 May 2017 e-mail 23 shares 25 View comments Google's artificial intelligence program AlphaGo has beaten a master of the ancient Chinese strategy game Go for the second time. The victory was part of a three match event taking place this week that is meant to test the limits of computers in taking on humans at complex tasks. Ke Jie the 19-year-old Chinese world number one, anointed the program as the new 'Go god' after his defeat. It is a feather in the cap for Google's parent company Alphabet's ambitions in the artificial intelligence arena, as it looks to woo Beijing to gain re-entry into the country. Scroll down for video AlphaGo beat Ke Jie, 19, (left) taking an unassailable 2-0 lead in a best of three series being held at in the eastern Chinese water town of Wuzhen. AlphaGo faces off against Ke Jie once more on Saturday MAN VS MACHINE  AlphaGo beat master player Ke Jie, 19, for the second time today, taking an unassailable 2-0 lead in a best of three series being held at in the eastern Chinese water town of Wuzhen. Go is a highly complex board game dating back thousands of years that involves two contestants placing black and white stones on a grid.  It is popular in Asian countries and most top-ranked players hail from China, Japan and South Korea. Internet users outside China could watch the games live but Chinese censors blocked most mainland web users from seeing the Google website carrying the feed. None of China's dozens of video sites carried the live broadcasts but a recording of Tuesday's game was available Wednesday night on one of the most popular sites, Youku.com.  AlphaGo beat Ke Jie taking an unassailable 2-0 lead in a best of three series being held at  in the eastern Chinese water town of Wuzhen. The victory over the world's top player, which many thought would take decades to achieve, comes after the AI program from Google's DeepMind unit bested South Korean Go professional Lee Sedol in a similar exhibition match last year. 'For the first 100 moves it was the closest we've ever seen anyone play against the Master version of AlphaGo,' DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis said in the post-game press conference. 'Today's game was different from the first,' Ke said. 'AlphaGo made some moves which were opposite from my vision of how to maximize the possibility of winning. I also thought I was very close to winning the game in the middle but maybe that's not what AlphaGo was thinking. I'm a little bit sad, it's a bit of a regret because I think I played pretty well.' AlphaGo faces off against Ke Jie once more on Saturday. Go is a highly complex board game dating back thousands of years that involves two contestants placing black and white stones on a grid.  It is popular in Asian countries and most top-ranked players hail from China, Japan and South Korea.   RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Now Google plans to spy on shop purchases by customers with... The X-37b's big brother gets the go ahead: Boeing to build... The end of trips to the optician? Warby Parker reveals app... Dancing with the BOTS: Bizarre mechanical instructor can... Share this article Share 23 shares Internet users outside China could watch the games live but Chinese censors blocked most mainland web users from seeing the Google website carrying the feed.  None of China's dozens of video sites carried the live broadcasts but a recording of Tuesday's game was available Wednesday night on one of the most popular sites, Youku.com. State media reports on the games have been brief, possibly reflecting Beijing's antipathy toward Google, which closed its China-based search engine in 2010 following a dispute over censorship and computer hacking. Go is a highly complex board game dating back thousands of years that involves two contestants placing black and white stones on a grid. AlphaGo faces off against Ke Jie (pictured left) once more on Saturday Internet users outside China could watch the game (pictured) live but Chinese censors blocked most mainland web users from seeing the Google website carrying the feed. HOW ALPHAGO WORKS Traditional AI methods, which construct a search tree over all possible positions, don't have a chance when it comes to winning at Go. So DeepMind took a different approach by building a system, AlphaGo, that combines an advanced tree search with deep neural networks. These neural networks take a description of the Go board as an input and process it through 12 different network layers containing millions of neuron-like connections. One neural network called the 'policy network,' selects the next move to play, while the other neural network - the 'value network' - predicts the winner of the game. 'We trained the neural networks on 30 million moves from games played by human experts, until it could predict the human move 57 per cent of the time,' Google said. The previous record before AlphaGo was 44 per cent. Traditional AI methods, which construct a search tree over all possible positions, don't have a chance when it comes to winning at Go (pictured) However, Google DeepMind's goal is to beat the best human players, not just mimic them. To do this, AlphaGo learned to discover new strategies for itself, by playing thousands of games between its neural networks and adjusting the connections using a trial-and-error process known as reinforcement learning. Of course, all of this requires a huge amount of computing power and Google used its Cloud Platform. To put AlphaGo to the test, the firm held a tournament between AlphaGo and the strongest other Go programs, including Crazy Stone and Zen. AlphaGo won every game against these programs. The program then took on reigning three-time European Go champion Fan Hui at Google's London office. In a closed-doors match last October, AlphaGo won by five games to zero. It was the first time a computer program has ever beaten a professional Go player. In the game, two players take turns to place black or white stones on a square grid, with the goal being to dominate the board by surrounding the opponent's pieces The official response to the match, a major event for go and artificial intelligence, reflects the conflict between the ruling Communist Party's technology ambitions and its insistence on controlling what its public can see, hear and read. The possible reason for suppressing coverage while allowing Google to organize the event was unclear.  Censorship orders to Chinese media are officially secret and government officials refuse to confirm whether online material is blocked.  The AI software also beat the master player by half a point on Tuesday, snatching victory by the narrowest margin possible in the game, a characteristic trait of the AI's style of play. Go is favoured by AI researchers because of the large number of outcomes compared to other games such as western chess. AlphaGo faces off against Ke Jie (pictured) once more on Saturday, but its second victory today gives the AI software an unassailable lead  According to Google there are more potential positions in a Go game than atoms in the universe. Speaking ahead of the matches Demis Hassabis, founder of London-based DeepMind which developed AlphaGo, said 'AlphaGo's successes hint at the possibility for general AI to be applied to a wide range of tasks and areas, to perhaps find solutions to problems that we as human experts may not have considered.'    Mr Lee's loss in Seoul last March marked the first time a computer programme had beaten a top player in a full match of the 3,000-year-old Chinese board game, and has been hailed as a landmark event in the development of AI. After AlphaGo flattened Mr Lee, Mr Ke declared he would never lose to the machine. 'Bring it on,' he said on China's Twitter-like Weibo, but he has tempered his bravado since then.  State media reports on the game (pictured) have been brief, possibly reflecting Beijing's antipathy toward Google, which closed its China-based search engine in 2010 following a dispute over censorship and computer hacking.  Go is favoured by AI researchers because of the large number of outcomes compared to other games such as western chess. Ke Jie (pictured) is the world's best player  According to Google there are more potential positions in a Go game than atoms in the universe. Mr Ke (pictured) was among many top Chinese players who were defeated in online contests in January by a mysterious adversary who reportedly won 60 straight victories Mr Ke was among many top Chinese players who were defeated in online contests in January by a mysterious adversary who reportedly won 60 straight victories. That opponent, cheekily calling itself 'The Master', was later revealed by DeepMind to have been an updated AlphaGo. 'Even that was not AlphaGo's best performance,' Gu Li, a past national champion, told Chinese state media last week. 'It would be very hard for Ke to play against it, but then again, Ke has also been working extremely hard to change his methods in preparation.  'I hope he can play well.' AI has previously beaten humans in cerebral contests, starting with IBM's Deep Blue defeating chess grandmaster Garry Kasparov in 1997. Google's artificial intelligence programme AlphaGo first faced the world's top-ranked Go player, China's 19-year-old Ke Jie (left), in a contest expected to end in another victory for rapid advances in AI in their first match (pictured), held on Tuesday AI has previously beaten humans in cerebral contests, starting with IBM's Deep Blue defeating chess grandmaster Garry Kasparov in 1997. Mr Ke (left) lost Tuesday's match (pictured) by half a point, the narrowest margin possible in the game But AlphaGo's win last year is considered the most significant win for AI yet.  AlphaGo uses two sets of 'deep neural networks' containing millions of connections similar to neurons in the brain. It is partly self-taught, having played millions of games against itself after initial programming. The high-profile match comes amid a Chinese government push to compete internationally in artificial intelligence. Baidu Inc, China's leading search firm which is developing projects parallel to Google in search and autonomous driving.  In March, it launched an AI lab in cooperation with China's National Development and Reform Commission. Google pulled its search engine from China seven years ago after it refused to self-censor internet searches, a requirement of the Chinese government.  It has since been rendered inaccessible behind the country's firewall, maintaining only a limited presence through a joint venture in the country. South Korean professional Go player Lee Sedol (right) puts the first stone against Google's artificial intelligence program last March. AlphaGo stunned the world last year by trouncing South Korean grandmaster four games to one (stock image) It previously announced plans to bring some services back to the country, including its app store Google Play. In March Google announced Chinese users would be able to access the Translate mobile app, marking its most recent success launching a previously banned service.  Like AlphaGo, Translate also uses DeepMind's artificial intelligence software. THE HISTORY OF THE GAME OF GO  The game of Go originated in China more than 2,500 years ago.  Confucius wrote about the game, and it is considered one of the four essential arts required of any true Chinese scholar.  Played by more than 40 million people worldwide, the rules of the game are simple. Players take turns to place black or white stones on a board, trying to capture the opponent's stones or surround empty space to make points of territory.  The game is played primarily through intuition and feel and because of its beauty, subtlety and intellectual depth, it has captured the human imagination for centuries. The game of Go (pictured) originated in China more than 2,500 years ago. Confucius wrote about the game, and it is considered one of the four essential arts required of any true Chinese scholar But as simple as the rules are, Go is a game of profound complexity.  There are 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,00 0,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,0 00,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, 000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 possible positions - that's more than the number of atoms in the universe, and more than a googol (10 to the power of 100) times larger than chess. This complexity is what makes Go hard for computers to play and therefore an irresistible challenge to artificial intelligence researchers, who use games as a testing ground to invent smart, flexible algorithms that can tackle problems, sometimes in ways similar to humans. Share or comment on this article e-mail 23 shares Most watched News videos Showboating driver slams supercar into a lamp post Terrifying moment police motorbike swerves into fast lane on M8 Stunning footage of old cargo ship sunk in the 1940s Street artist paints entire portrait upside down Husband to be killed in tragic motorbike accident Amazing 'leaked' film of 'alien craft' being tested over Area 51 Playing child gets run over by car and has to be rescued South Korean politician rolls into airport with style Police release footage of scooter being stolen in broad daylight Elephant and calf are rescued after being stuck for two days Six things you have probably been doing wrong Jason Denayer involved in a fist fight on Brussels street Residents slam Jeremy Clarkson and co for closing off... Police hunt London moped gang caught on CCTV using... Businessman, 49, on the run with his son, 24, is branded... Oh Dr Beeching! Railway line ripped up in the 'Beeching... Seven members of notorious El Salvador gang Barrio 18 are... Pigeon suspected of being a SPY seized by India after it... Net migration FALLS to 248,000 a year after Brexit vote -... Amazing footage shows moment wildebeest PLAYS DEAD to... Eerie footage shows the rusting remains of a British... Convicted pervert, 27, banned from contact with children... I like to move it, move it! Adorable lemurs nibble on... Manchester bomb may have inspired Jakarta suicide attack... Cameron's major anti-terror laws to prevent British... BBC’s John Humphrys has foot-in-mouth moment as he asks... Britain's economic growth is revised DOWN as inflation... Britain's wars have made us a target for jihadists, says... Classic E-Type Jaguar found in a barn could fetch £60,000... Killer driver, 26, who ploughed into a 'gentle' man, 66,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 25 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Incredible NASA images reveal 'a whole new Jupiter' as Juno spots 'monstrous' 870 mile-wide cyclones and... Roman sling bullets used against Scottish tribes 2,000 years ago were as deadly as a .44 Magnum California's 'Big One' IS going to happen no matter how much people deny it, warns earthquake expert Leaked footage from top-secret Area 51 military base shows mysterious ALIEN craft, claim UFO hunters Do YOU think this photograph is real? Researchers reveal how 'trick of the light' images can fool our brain Groundbreaking timelapse reveals a functioning kidney cell in unprecedented detail America's nuclear safety plans are based on 'flawed analysis' and a single waste fire could spread... Homeland Security warns new software flaw could lead to 'another WannaCry' as experts say more than 100,000... New lease of life for the ageing Warthog: A-10 tankbuster saved from the scrapheap to help defeat ISIS Get ready for MegaHD: Researchers reveal technique to 'drastically improve' screens on everything from... Pasta that 'pops up' on your plate: MIT reveals shape shifting food that is far cheaper to ship America could be hit by FOUR major hurricanes say NOAA as it predicts 'above average' storm season Smartphones can make you more moral: Study finds the device you choose influences your decisions Incredible 1.4 BILLION pixel map reveals the Gulf of Mexico's seafloor was scarred by a 200 million year old... Samsung's battery woes continue as lawsuits spread to Galaxy Note 5, S6 and S7 models MORE HEADLINES Leaked footage from top-secret Area 51 military base shows mysterious ALIEN craft, claim UFO hunters California's 'Big One' IS going to happen no matter how much people deny it, warns earthquake expert Roman sling bullets used against Scottish tribes 2,000 years ago were as deadly as a .44 Magnum The annual Taurids meteor shower is hiding asteroids that could wipe out ENTIRE continents, experts warn Do YOU think this photograph is real? Researchers reveal how 'trick of the light' images can fool our brain Kodi crackdown: Facebook tries to ban pirate streaming devices, but there are still HUNDREDS available on the site Google bans hundreds of Android apps that use ultrasonic sounds to secretly SPY on users Incredible 1.4 BILLION pixel map reveals the Gulf of Mexico's seafloor was scarred by a 200 million year old ocean The amazing tree-climbing goats that help farmers disperse seeds by SPITTING them on to the ground There really is such a thing as 'daddy's girl': Fathers are MORE attentive to their daughters than they are to their sons Incredible NASA images reveal 'a whole new Jupiter' as Juno spots 'monstrous' 870 mile-wide cyclones and massive magnetism on the gas giant America's nuclear safety plans are based on 'flawed analysis' and a single waste fire could spread radioactive material throughout an area twice the size of New Jersey, researchers warn Hunter gatherers and early farmers DID live together and even had children: Rival societies co-operated 8,000 years ago, DNA reveals From staged births and deaths to GIFs that reveal how areas have changed, artists reveal the most bizarre uses of Google Street View as it turns 10 Samsung's battery woes continue as lawsuits spread to Galaxy Note 5, S6 and S7 models MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today So in love! Paris Hilton locks lips with beau Chris Zylka as she stuns in a plunging gown at amfAR Gala in Cannes  Their love is no secret  Teaming up! Kylie Jenner shares sizzling sibling photo with older sister Khloe to promote cosmetics collaboration Pair donned bathing suits in the sultry shot  Serious sideboob! Robin Wright flashes plenty of skin in backless and sleeveless halter neck black dress at Wonder Woman premiere Melania and Donald Trump hold hands again as they arrive in Sicily and the First Lady shows off her THIRD outfit of the day after wowing in Brussels 'I have no problem with nudity at all': Supermodel and mother-of-four Heidi Klum, 44, goes completely NAKED in new photography book Southern Charm's Kathryn Dennis, 24, accuses ex Thomas Ravenel, 54, of 'dating teen daughter of their children's nanny' Tense legal battle  What a bag lady! Kylie Jenner rocks $3.7K patterned leather Gucci purse while swinging by Kylie Cosmetics with pal Jordyn Woods Spotted on low-key visit 'Can't this be running slightly less wild?' Julia Roberts loses it as Bear Grylls makes her cross river filled with crocodiles for Red Nose Day The original Wonder Woman! Lynda Carter, 65, wears trim suit and totes star-spangled clutch to superhero premiere EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Scott Disick the 'sex addict' strikes again: Kourtney Kardashian's ex dumps Bella Thorne to cavort with old flame in Cannes Meghan's Sloane Ranger make-over: She's a California girl but suddenly she can't get enough of posh British brands  Flying the UK style flag  Newlyweds! Corey Feldman and his third wife Courtney host Facebook Live event for autism The couple attended a benefit for non-profit ACT Steve Gold joins Million Dollar Listing New York as new season six broker following fashion modelling career Added some eye candy to the lineup  Chris Cornell had fresh track marks on his arms when he was found dead in his hotel bathroom Was it a drug overdose, and not suicide? Don't move an inch! Shanina Shaik loses her underwear and shows off some major sideboob in VERY risque silver gown at amFAR gala Busty Lindsay Lohan borrows from the Fifties in screen siren ball gown with a string of pearls as she sweeps amfAR Cannes Gala red carpet Tats family bonding! Kim Zolciak gets MATCHING TATTOO with daughter Brielle... while husband Kroy goes shirtless under the gun Don't get him angry! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson SLAMS critics who savaged Baywatch as he claims 'fans LOVE the movie' Criticized bad reviews If at first you don't succeed! Derek Hough rips off his shirt after getting soaked on Celebrity Ninja Warrior...but tries again and triumphs 'Looking forward to Sunday, June 4th!' Megyn Kelly drops teaser of her new NBC show on Twitter a week ahead of her debut  Countdown begins  She's a Wonder Woman! Gal Gadot dazzles in red sequined Givenchy gown at world premiere in  LA  She looked like a true princess    Connie Nielsen flaunts figure in maxi dress at Wonder Woman premiere... after embarrassing panties-free wardrobe malfunction  'This Cannes fancy life isn't for me': Bella Thorne admits she's not having fun in France... after Scott Disick ditches her for another fling  Tat's tat! Colin Farrell shows off his nearly ink-free arms as he jets back into Los Angeles from the Cannes Film Festival His body art is vanishing Jared Martin who played Sue Ellen's love interest Dusty Farlow on Dallas dies from pancreatic cancer at 75 Martin joined the show in 1979  Diva's day out! Busty Mariah Carey looks chuffed as she gets her own coffee...after actor claims she made outrageous demands on set of movie All work and no play! Kim Kardashian is stuck filming KUWTK on her own... while Kourtney and Kendall let loose in Cannes Shot new scenes alone  Julia Louis-Dreyfus and Veep co-stars celebrate seventh season renewal and 'substantial salary increases' 'Do you guys know who sold the story about me?': How 'deeply hurt'  Rebel Wilson attempted to uncover the 'friend' who sold her story to Woman's Day Taking her man for a walk! Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez holds hands with boyfriend Joe LoCicero as they enjoy sunshine stroll with pet pooch No laughing matter! Ryan Gosling sports steely expression while getting in the Red Nose Day spirit Looked stern in the comically large nose  Gucci girly! Elle Fanning rocks hot pink designer sweatshirt with denim mini skirt as she arrives at LAX from Cannes The actress went bare-legged  'I'm healing and want to protect the family!' Naomi Watts speaks about her recent split from Liev Schreiber and rules out dating someone new  That's NOT a kiss from a rose! Singer Seal eaten alive in shocking promo for Discovery's Shark Week Bizarre promo shows him being snatched  Victoria Secret Model Devon Windsor stuns in black halter bikini at the beach with boyfriend Johnny Dex Took time off to relax on the sand  Why so glum? FKA twigs has a face like thunder in colourful Dior gown as she joins cheery boyfriend at the Cannes screening of his new film Good Time EXCLUSIVE: Million Dollar Listing's David Parnes's fiancée shares photos of her lavish Troop Beverly Hills-themed bridal shower as they prepare to marry 'She cost me $70m!': Khloe Kardashian's beau from 2008 Rashad McCants claims romance prevented him from making big basketball money Busting out! Coco Austin flashes flesh in mesh jumpsuit as she steps out with hubby Ice-T and baby Chanel Wowed in the seemingly airtight outfit  Man's best friend! Orlando Bloom carries cute-as-a-button dog arriving in Los Angeles... after alleged hotel one-night stand snafu A new romance? Mischa Barton embraces handsome mystery man after stunning in semi sheer gown at L'Oreal party in Cannes I got you babe! Justin Timberlake dotes on son Silas as they have some one-on-one time while mom Jessica Biel catches up with friend in New York 'I can't escape it': Eve Plumb on trying to get work in Hollywood after playing Jan on The Brady Bunch 'I'll always be Jan Brady to so many people'  Rita Ora shows off her ample bust in a skimpy yellow bikini as she takes a dip in Cannes after saying she had therapy after home invasion Changed her outfit but not her ways! Bella Hadid fails to learn a lesson as she suffers yet another wardrobe malfunction in second amfAR Gala gown 'Oh my god!': Rosario Dawson's distressing 911 call is released after actress discovered her cousin lifeless She was in tears as she spoke to the dispatcher  Hello, Bette! Midler stands out in boldly colored headscarf as she picks up award for Broadway musical revival Model behavior: Leggy Lily-Rose Depp showcases her svelte physique in body hugging denim Was spotted out and about in Los Angeles  Berry nice! Hailey Baldwin highlights her narrow waist in demure strapless gown as she makes a style splash at amfAR Gala Turned heads in Cannes It takes an army! Jessica Hart's ridiculously long train needs to be held up by a bystander on the red carpet at amfAR Gala Home sweet home! Ariel Winter covers up her curves while touring houses with boyfriend Levi Meaden in LA Went for a casual look while scouting homes  Liam Payne opens up about changing nappies and how fatherhood has changed him... months after welcoming the birth of his first son Bear with girlfriend Cheryl 'I'm a little bit fearful of that man': Liam Payne reveals P Diddy LAUGHED in his face when he introduced himself in the most awkward celebrity snub Back in charge! The Boss Baby slated for a sequel in March 2021... and Alec Baldwin will reprise starring role It was a huge hit at the box office   Security scare at Rebel Wilson's defamation trial sees public and media evacuated from court as proceedings enter fifth day Knuckle sandwich! Berry Gordy's one hit wonder son Rockwell 'attacked housekeeper for taking too long to make lunch' Was arrested afterwards The Cyrus Family (minus Miley) takes over Today show... with duet between Billy Ray and Noah The country crooner sang with his daughter  Frankly I don't give a Dame! Helen Mirren jets into LA with husband Taylor Hackford following unconventional university commencement speech Beaming Uma Thurman brings her son Levon, 15, to amfAR gala during Cannes... as she wows in gold skirt with blazer and button up Mother-son night out  Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans settles custody battle for seven-year-old son with estranged mother Barbara Came to an agreement in the legal battle 'I do like my butt!': LeAnn Rimes says she 'works pretty hard' doing Tight Tush exercises to look good for husband Eddie Cibrian Big laugh theory! Kaley Cuoco cracks up during casual stroll in T-shirt and jeans with gal pal in Beverly Hills Actress cracked up on her outing  'Are you Judy Garland?': Touchy Boy George tells Chrissie Swan she 'needs to get out more' after she brings up his alcoholic past All tied up! Transgender model Andreja Pejic flaunts slender frame in figure-hugging corset dress at Cannes Film Festival CANNES you believe she stole my look? As the film festival wraps, see the stars, like Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner, who stepped out with twinning styles As rock's most famous album turns 50... Sgt Pepper's getting better all the time! ADRIAN THRILLS reviews the anniversary reissue of the Beatles album  'Why do you assume I'm homeless?': Paris Jackson mistaken for a vagrant and told to move on after arriving early on set  Shock for Michael's girl Revealed: Brad Pitt auditioned for a guest role on Cheers during the Eighties... but lost part because he was 'not funny' Be careful! Supermodel Jessica Hart risks a wardrobe malfunction as she shows off her cleavage in a dangerously low-cut gown at amfAR Gala Eva Longoria documents amfAR Gala with cheeky selfie alongside BFF Victoria Beckham's hubby David during Cannes' most glamorous night Epic sci-fi franchise Star Wars celebrates its 40th anniversary as the Hamilton cast sing happy birthday at Lucasfilm Jennifer Lopez's musical Bye Bye Birdie is postponed by NBC until 2018 due to her demanding schedule  Have shelved the Broadway adaption  Style queen! Melania Trump, 47, upstages fellow first ladies - including France's grouchy-looking Brigitte Macron - in a lacy black dress in Brussels  Knees to meet you! Style editor DINAH VAN TULLEKEN gives her verdict on the First Ladies' fashion face-off  Brigitte Macron against Melania Trump  BRIAN VINER: Walk the plank, Johnny! After 14 years as Cap'n Jack Sparrow, Depp's swash in Pirates of the Caribbean has well and truly buckled  'We're on our way now!' Fredrik Eklund reveals he and his husband are trying for a baby again after their surrogates suffered two miscarriages Twice as nice! Jada Pinkett Smith lunches in ruffled canary yellow dress before changing into white hot crop top for visit to Jimmy Kimmel Live Side-boob flashing Kourtney Kardashian's boytoy Younes, 24, grins as she flaunts her behind in TINY bikini for another day frolicking on a yacht in Cannes  They could have danced all night... Jessica Chastain and Will Smith let their hair down at the amfAR Gala as she dazzles in a backless black gown Get your crocs off! Nicki Minaj wears extreme plunging lace gown to attend amfAR gala... before THROWING herself on the floor in reptilian Balmain dress  'I don't know him': Iggy Azalea denies she's dating NFL superstar Odell Beckham Jr. as she jets out of LAX Quashed reports the two are an item  Revealed: Star Wars The Last Jedi will have no love story, no alien main character... and no 'Donald Trump' Change in direction from the original trilogy  Oh baby! Flirty Rita Ora blows kisses and makes heart signs in statement pink mini dress with tulle shoulder detail as she lights up the amfAR Gala Braless Bella Hadid flashes far too much, Shanina gives an eyeful of sideboob, Nicki spills out and Elsa grasps her bustier at eye-popping Cannes gala Bella Hadid pops champagne on stage to share with new pal Jordan Barrett and fellow supermodel Jessica Hart at amfAR gala Flawless in France! Nicole Kidman, 49, shows off her ageless complexion as she beams for the cameras at the Cannes amfAR Gala BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Formidable Nicole Kidman is the queen of Cannes  She has stunned in a variety of outfits throughout the festival  Blake Lively set to star in new project based on book by Big Little Lies author Liana Moriarty CBS Films is hoping to recreate the success of the HBO hit series  Making a splash! Keri Russell and mini me daughter wear matching rain boots while braving the showers in New York Her little girl is taking after her stylish mom 'We're flattered and business people!' Teen Mom Amber Portwood and fiance Matt Baier confirm they're considering filming sex tape to make 'millions' Live like an icon: Jackie Kennedy's childhood East Hampton luxurious estate hits the market for a whopping $51million 10 beds, 10 baths Oops - we forgot to declare our art works . Ivanka and Jared will register results of lengthy contemporary art spree they omitted from official papers  Shanina Shaik flaunts MAJOR sideboob in daring metallic gown at the amfAR Gala as  Izabel Goulart, Lara Stone and Irina Shayk dazzle at Cannes Standing tall! Melissa George cuts a stunning figure in a floor-length gown with a dramatic thigh split at the amfAR Gala in Cannes She's had a difficult year Mariah Carey branded 'bananas' by movie co-star who claims she'd show up 'four hours late' and demand 'all white roses' and 'stuffed toys' in trailer Size 22 model Tess Holliday proudly shares 'unflattering, unretouched' photo of herself in underwear behind the scenes of a shoot Baring (Kend)all! Jenner shows off her lithe physique in sizzling thong bikini... yet risks flashing too much while climbing onto Cannes yacht Ed Sheeran backs new 'anti-scalping' website where fans can 'safely' buy and resell concert tickets at original price to avoid getting ripped off Hayden Panettiere's character struggles to make comeback as Nashville returns with pregnancy, mugging and arrests High drama on hit show Adrienne Bailon flaunts her voluptuous figure in plunging swimsuit while celebrating her husband Israel's birthday in the Dominican Republic Clowning around! A smiling Jennifer Garner has Red Nose Day fun with her mother Patricia and son Samuel after coffee run in LA Actress got into the spirit  One-and-done! As Kendall Jenner and Eva Longoria step out in stylish rompers, FEMAIL rounds up the 24 prettiest options for YOU to shop now  Taraji P Henson escapes injury as she CRASHES the $100K Maserati she was driving into a fire hydrant on the set of her movie Proud Mary Iskra Lawrence shows off her curves in a Photoshop-free swimwear snap, after sharing heavily retouched photos from early in her career German model Toni Garrn oozes glamour in a satin halterneck gown as she attends German Media Awards honouring Barack Obama Sneak peek: Gillian Anderson transforms into David Bowie in American Gods X-Files actress takes on different forms in the  Starz show  Man's story about how Mr. Rogers helped him to overcome 'dark time' in his life goes viral, after icon's quote was used to inspire hope following Manchester bombing Pretty girl with her pretty friend! Lana Del Rey strolls in West Hollywood with a blonde pal... as she has yet to be seen in public with 'beau' G-Eazy Still friends with SOMEONE at NBC! Billy Bush meets Hoda Kotb's baby just days after giving his first interview about the p****gate scandal A romantic dinner for two! Vanderpump Rules vet Scheana Marie is seen leaving Catch in West Hollywood with beau of three months Robert Valletta Well she is at work! Katy Perry goes for utility chic with voluminous jumpsuit nipped in at waist for intimate London gig to launch radio show Bethenny reveals she dated Jennifer Lopez's beau Alex Rodriguez... as Eric Stonestreet CONFIRMS he romanced Frankel adding she was a 'good kisser' No rest for the Ratajkowski! Emily goes TOPLESS as she snaps sizzling selfie from her bed... after a week of storming the red carpet at Cannes 'They look real to me!' Jonathan Cheban says he does not think the Kardashians have had plastic surgery on their famously showstopping backsides Selma Blair runs errands solo in pretty striped dress but goes without ring amid engagement rumors She's been wearing a ring on her left hand  Blunder Woman! Connie Nielsen, 51, accidentally flashes her derriere as she goes underwear free to promote for new superhero flick in NYC Inside the secret apartment at Radio City Music Hall that's been untouched but perfectly maintained since its theater impresario owner died in 1936 'It's changed my body!': Real Housewives Of NYC vet Kelly Bensimon, 49, says she's in the best shape of her life thanks to spinning classes Better late than never! Mark Zuckerberg tears up as he returns to Harvard to collect an honorary degree 13-years after dropping out to launch Facebook  'I don't see any muscles': Olympic champion Aly Raisman calls out male TSA worker who body shamed her as she went through airport security Family reunion! Surviving Stark children unite for special Game Of Thrones shoot  As families go, they have been through more than most They sure made a pretty teenager! Boxer Oscar De La Hoya takes 18-year-old daughter he had with Playboy model Shanna Moakler to LA charity event Wonder what they have to talk about! Justin Bieber's exes Sofia Richie and Chantel Jeffries look very friendly as they hang out at pool in Cannes Gimme Gimme Gimme that role! Pierce Brosnan confirms he'll star in Mamma Mia 2 as he shares snap with co-star Meryl Streep Sequel to beloved flick 'Everyone is so afraid of carbs but I eat them': Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough reveals she enjoys potatoes and bread... but in moderation 'She knew she belonged in Hollywood!' Taraji P. Henson shares her sassy senior high school photo and reveals she 'dreamed big AF' as a teen Tom Cruise's The Mummy is the latest movie to call off London premiere following Manchester bomb... after Warner Bros' cancel Wonder Woman  No sugared almonds for Pippa! Bride gave her guests personalized MARSHMALLOWS from her brother James' cake company as wedding favors 'A man's gotta romp when wearing a romper': Howie Mandel shows excitement over latest men's fashion craze by frolicking around Ellen set Carrie Fisher demanded final Star Wars center around Princess Leia... and producer reveals Disney planned to grant wish before her death Niall Horan admits he would drop everything for One Direction reunion... as he addresses Selena Gomez romance rumors and feud with Zayn EXCLUSIVE: Ocean rescue chief who trained Dwayne Johnson for Baywatch film says hunk isn't a top notch swimmer - but he's better than Zac Efron Tiffany Trump and Marla Maples leave their apartment with a Secret Service escort, days after Donald's ex took selfies at site of fatal Times Square car crash 'This is not your grandma's Broadway!' Olivia Wilde reveals four people fainted during her performance in 1984 New NYC production of George Orwell classic  Always time for her fans! Alexandra Daddario signs sexy photos of herself for admirers as she continues to promote Baywatch in NYC John F. Kennedy's hunky grandson Jack and sisters lead family tributes to late President in new video ahead of what would have been his 100th birthday Melting hearts! Penelope Disick clutches onto a phone as she's joined by sweet cousin North West for frozen yogurt trip with doting grandmother Kris Still stunning! The Good Wife's Vanessa Williams looks amazing at age 54 as she flaunts her impressive cleavage in plunging catsuit at Sony party in LA Strike a pose! Melania Trump once again takes sweet selfies with young patients at a children's hospital in Brussels, a day after visiting sick kids at the Vatican Leo who? Nina Agdal gets cozy with handsome mystery guy after split from DiCaprio The 25-year-old model was pictured flirting up a storm in New York City  'She tapped this!' Zac Efron dishes about getting flirty with Madonna ringside at Madison Square Garden Baywatch star talked to Jimmy Kimmel  Properties in Nashville, Beverly Hills, NYC and Australia, jaw-dropping jewelry... and SIX pet alpacas: Inside Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban's lavish lifestyle  Australian Bachelor star Megan Marx puts on a VERY busty display in a tiny bikini after hinting she went skinny dipping in Sydney with Tom Cruise 'I'm stuck!' James Corden is left hanging after hilarious Dancing On The Ceiling parody with Lionel Richie  Pair dressed in 80s style to recreate video Queen Elizabeth visits young terror attack victims at Royal Manchester Children's Hospital and thanks heroic medics who treated them A family affair! Prince Andrew teams up with daughter Princess Eugenie to host a garden party honoring charity workers at Buckingham Palace  Riding through life together! Cindy Crawford, 51, looks youthful as she enjoys cruising with husband of 19 years Rande Gerber in Malibu Leggy Doutzen Kroes keeps it casual in oversized hoodie and sneakers as she enjoys a stroll through Cannes with her DJ husband Sunnery James 'Don't be in a rush to get married!' Helen Mirren tells graduates she's GLAD she waited until she was 52 to tie knot as she shares her 'rules for a happy life'   Brazilian bombshell Izabel Goulart showcases her impossibly long legs in plunging flirty floral mini-dress as she steps out at Cannes Ariana Grande is targeted by online trolls who accuse her of 'letting terrorists win' as she suspends her tour in the wake of the terror attack Bountiful and booty-ful: Ariel Winter exposes her derriere in a revealing bikini snap while kissing beau She's never one to cover up her curvy figure Chloe Sevigny shows off legs in Daisy Dukes as she enjoys shopping day in New York The 42-year-old is soon playing accused axe murderer Lizzie Borden Detroit hotel room where Chris Cornell hanged himself is closed to the public after flood of macabre tourists try to book $600-a-night suite  'I'm nervous!': Celine Dion dresses up as Belle from Beauty And The Beast as she performs How Does A Moment Last Forever for first time 'Anyone else not having the time of their life?' ABC's 'passionless' Dirty Dancing remake of 1987 movie is savaged by TV critics and viewers Nothing Meek(s) about him! 'Hot felon' Jeremy mingles with fellow models as he continues to make his mark on the fashion world at Philipp Plein's Cannes catwalk 'I'm not in control': Modern Family's Sarah Hyland reveals health issues in emotional letter to body shamers who accused her of 'promoting anorexia' Sexy señorita! Britney Spears stuns in flamenco style mini dress in series of Instagram snaps She continues to show off her fantastic figure She scrubs up well! Bella Thorne dons silver gown and tiara in Cannes as she takes a break from canoodling with Scott Disick Left villa they're sharing The heart(throb) of the ocean! Titanic star Billy Zane, 51, shows off his manly physique as he takes a dip with bikini-clad brunette in the South of France 'He's like a naughty schoolboy': Rod Stewart's wife Penny Lancaster praises 'sexy' rocker and reveals she almost dumped him at start of their romance  Doting dad Ryan Gosling dresses down in baseball cap and shades as he enjoys a day out with daughter Esmeralda in Los Angeles No time to spare! Topless Bethenny Frankel flashes her ample bosom as she gets completely naked while changing in the car Nothing else left? Jessica Chastain puts a rare fashion foot wrong in dowdy blouse and baggy flares after wowing Cannes with array of stylish outfits 'Jealous' Johnny Depp's 'anger over Amber Heard's sex scenes in legally-mired movie played a part in their divorce' Pressure on then-wife 'Am I angry? Hell yes': Ariana Grande's manager Scooter Braun blasts 'cowardly' terrorists and vows to respond with 'love, joy and life' 'You never want to miss the point': Orange Is The New Black Star Yael Stone reveals nerves over Picnic At Hanging Rock reboot Brand new miniseries  Cara Delevingne covers her shaved head with vibrant candy pink wig as she cackles with her co-stars while filming Life In A Year in Toronto Bowling them over! Prince Charles puts on a dapper display as he launches a major cricket tournament in London   Suited and booted royal  'I totally trust him': Luann de Lesseps stands by fiance Tom D'Agostino on RHONY despite new infidelity claims Stood by her fiance Flex appeal! Bella Hadid sets pulses racing with her impressively leggy figure in skimpy briefs as she contorts into striking poses for Giuseppe Zanotti shoot Ivanka and Jared's Roman date night: Couple slips away for pizza, pasta and red wine at restaurant where First Daughter makes a portrait blunder Stunning model Lara Stone shows off her famous figure in nothing but a white shirt and briefs as she relaxes with pals on her balcony in Cannes A Zippy Bungle! Sex addict Scott Disick's fly is down as he steps out to party in Cannes after a raunchy day with 19-year-old actress Bella Thorne Braless Kourtney Kardashian, 38, is dwarfed by toyboy lover Younes Bendjima, 24, as he leads her to a nightclub in Cannes Keeping Up With Younes Kendall Jenner dons diamonds and tasseled bra-top in Cannes with beau A$AP Rocky She's finally brought her new boyfriend to Cannes for the festival 'It's really important to tell the story': Lily Collins discusses losing weight to play anorexia sufferer in To The Bone... after battling with her own eating disorder Happily Eva after! Braless Longoria and dapper husband Jose Antonio Bastón pack on the PDA as they party the night away at Cannes Hailey Baldwin struggles to contain assets in gold mini dress with plunging neckline in Cannes Daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin  Specs-y and she knows it! Make-up free Ariel Winter still turns heads in low-cut vest and shredded hotpants for stroll with her boyfriend 'I want someone lovely to have kids with!' Orlando Bloom says he is ready to settle down again... after 'night of passion' with waitress who got her fired Sisters-in-law Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie catch up over pamper session at nail salon in Beverly Hills Married to twin brothers Benji and Joel Madden 'She has learned from the past': Taylor Swift is keeping her relationship with Joe Alwyn 'insanely private' in a bid to avoid another high-profile split Intriguing dating history She's a real knockout! Busty Baywatch babe Charlotte McKinney leaves the gym after a boxing session The film hits theaters this week  Kim Kardashian's Beverly Hills starter home, where ex-husband Kris Humphries proposed, hits the market for $5.5m Petra Nemcova wows in a scarlet dress with sheer cut-out detailing as she joins fellow model Toni Garrn at the star-studded Generous People gala in Cannes Game of Thrones creator George R.R. Martin likens Donald Trump to arch-villain Joffrey and says President is 'petulant and irrational' For the frill of it! Mischa Barton wears 70s style sheer orange embroidered gown as she steps out at L'Oreal bash in Cannes Effortlessly chic Brooklyn Beckham's model ex Sonia Ben Ammar goes braless in perilously plunging blazer after wowing in glamorous figure-hugging gown at Cannes How Real Housewives live! Lisa Rinna steps out for coffee in fur-trimmed designer slip-ons in Beverly Hills She paired the pricey shoes with jeans  Would YOU wear naked leggings? Bella Hadid and Kylie Jenner make skin-tight NUDE pants the summer's hottest look (and you can't wear underwear) Cold feet? Ruby Rose left 'angry' after realizing pop star girlfriend Jess Origliasso jetted off Down Under with all of the actress' SOCKS Posted stern message Jennifer Lopez, Mariah Carey and Celine Dion will go ahead with planned concerts in Las Vegas... despite ISIS threat to target city The show must go on Teamwork! Ashley Graham flashes major cleavage as she gets in sweaty workout at the gym with husband Justin Ervin Was working hard  Stranger Things' kids take over Lip Sync Battle... as co-host Chrissy Teigen dresses like Barb Young stars faced off for the Spike competition  Looks like the law won... again! Abby Lee Miller lands herself a parking fine as she spends her days in LA ahead of prison sentence Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her toned abs and ample cleavage in a bralet as she joins scantily-clad sister Kendall Jenner for night out in Cannes 'Wore five-inch heels and still couldn't keep up': Eva Longoria pokes fun at her petite frame as statuesque models tower over her at Cannes L'Oreal party Legs for days! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts her INSANELY long gams as she works out in New York City She's 5ft 10ins tall What cat fight? Carefree Katy Perry brings out her wild side in leopard print top for London night out... after claiming she 'has no beef' with Taylor Swift Beauty and a beat! Erin Holland puts her trim pins on display in a cut-out lace dress as she leads red carpet arrivals at Spotify's 5th Birthday party Busty Kylie Jenner flashes cleavage in plunging white mesh top as she puckers up for selfies She is never shy to expose her assets 'We will cherish your memory forever': 'Devastated' Mariah Carey pens touching tribute to fan who was killed in Manchester terror attack Massive orgy scene filmed for HBO drama series The Leftovers sees 200 naked actors spend a week on an Australian ferry Raunchy footage  What's that for? Jared Leto shares stomach churning snap of blood being drawn from his tattooed arm  He's always been an unconventional star May the breast woman win! BFFs Blac Chyna and Amber Rose bare their busts in strapless bras for second day in a row on social media Flaunted their assets  Ariana Grande fans launch Twitter campaign to get her song One Last Time to the top of the charts in memory of Manchester attack victims 'Winter is coming': Billie Lourd takes to Instagram to tease upcoming role in FX anthology American Horror Story Image from season  She's abs-olutely ripped! Elyse Taylor looks fit and fabulous as she flaunts her EXTREMELY toned body in a sizzling bikini photo shoot Mandy Moore dons b&w pencil dress for College TV Awards... after guest star gig on Drunk History This Is Us star turned heads on the red carpet 'Choose love': Harry Styles stops Mexico gig to pay tribute to victims of Manchester terrorist atrocity and reveals he went to first ever concert at the Arena Best friends! Katharine McPhee takes pooches on walk as she flashes svelte legs during break from filming The Lost Wife of Robert Durst Looked relaxed off set  It's a girl! Survivor villain Jonny Fairplay announces birth of second child Welcomed a daughter with his wife Caryn on May 20  Rosario Dawson discusses late cousin Vaneza Ines Vazquez...weeks after actress 'found her unresponsive' Tragic circumstances Annabelle Wallis keeps her look classic in an elegant blue dress as she poses alongside co-star Tom Cruise at The Mummy press conference in Taiwan Because she's worth it! Barbara Palvin wows in metallic thigh-split dress at L'Oreal party in Cannes... as her outfit tally reaches FOUR in one day Still in great shape! Kelsey Grammer, 62, shows off toned chest as he splashes around with wife, 37, and son, two, in Miami pool Also had a huge smile Stalker who broke into Sandra Bullock's home is to be released on probation after making plea deal Joshua James Corbett was being held in jail  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story The annual Taurids meteor shower is hiding asteroids that could wipe out ENTIRE continents, experts warn 45 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Google, Kaon Interactive and Lenovo Drive Rapid Adoption of Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality B2B Platform MAYNARD, Mass., May 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Kaon Interactive, the leading provider of 3D marketing and sales applications for global B2B brands is working with Google (NYSE: GOOGL) and Lenovo (NYSE: LNVGY) to accelerate the advancement of the augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) industry. The three companies will showcase their work together at Augmented World Expo in Santa Clara, Calif., later this month. Click here to view a video of the 3D AR product models in action. Already used in production by numerous B2B Fortune 500 companies, the Kaon High Velocity Marketing Platform® currently deploys applications to Tango-enabled devices, allowing companies to showcase fully-scaled 3D augmented reality models of their products in their customers’ physical space. Tango is Google’s technology enabling AR experiences, and Lenovo’s Phab 2 Pro is currently the only commercial Tango-enabled Smartphone that enables augmented reality. Participating companies are currently using these interactive sales and marketing applications at trade shows and at customer meetings to show how products look and behave in the customers’ actual medical laboratories, datacenters and manufacturing facilities. With the new AR applications in use today, Google, Lenovo and Kaon will focus on full rollouts to Fortune 500 sales teams. „AR and VR applications are game-changers for B2B marketers, but we’re just scratching the surface,” said Kaon Interactive President & CEO, Gavin Finn. „As innovative Tango- and Daydream-enabled devices are brought to market, such as the Phab 2 Pro and the Daydream standalone VR headset from Lenovo, which was just announced at Google I/O, Fortune 500 sales teams will increasingly adopt the technology as competitive marketing and sales differentiators. Google and Lenovo have recognized this potential, and we’re excited about partnering to deliver more collaborative offerings.” The trio will showcase its AR and VR experiences at Augmented World Expo in Santa Clara, Calif., on May 31 – June 2 at booth #237. There, attendees will have the opportunity to experience Kaon’s AR and VR applications on the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro via Tango. Additionally, Gavin Finn will participate in a 30-minute all-star panel, hosted on the AWE main stage, on May 31 that is sure to inspire the AR and VR industry audience. Kaon VR® is the most advanced B2B marketing solution available that immerses users in an interactive digital B2B environment, such as a virtual data center or a virtual diagnostics laboratory. Kaon AR® is the first B2B Augmented Reality marketing application that integrates interactive 3D Product Models into real-world business environments. About Kaon Interactive Kaon Interactive is a B2B software company. Kaon’s interactive sales and marketing applications simplify complex product and solution stories in a visually engaging way anywhere, anytime, turning prospects into customers. The company’s interactive 3D sales and marketing applications transform product and solution marketing content into visual storytelling experiences to deepen customer engagement, reduce marketing expenses and accelerate the sales cycle. More than 5,000 Kaon Interactive applications are being used worldwide at trade shows, remote sales demonstrations, product launches, executive briefing centers, and websites by leading global product manufacturing companies. For more information about Kaon, visit www.kaon.com.  Media Contact for Kaon Interactive Deanna Haas deanna@hollywoodpr.net (781) 749-0077 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/google-kaon-interactive-and-lenovo-drive-rapid-adoption-of-augmented-reality-and-virtual-reality-b2b-platform-300463965.html SOURCE Kaon Interactive Related Links http://www.kaon.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsJoint Ventures, Trade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Switch Announces Massive PRIME Data Center Campus in Atlanta Next PostNext Global Dog Care Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast to 2022 Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Google, Kaon Interactive and Lenovo Drive Rapid Adoption of Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality B2B Platform MAYNARD, Mass., May 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Kaon Interactive, the leading provider of 3D marketing and sales applications for global B2B brands is working with Google (NYSE: GOOGL) and Lenovo (NYSE: LNVGY) to accelerate the advancement of the augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) industry. The three companies will showcase their work together at Augmented World Expo in Santa Clara, Calif., later this month. Click here to view a video of the 3D AR product models in action. Already used in production by numerous B2B Fortune 500 companies, the Kaon High Velocity Marketing Platform® currently deploys applications to Tango-enabled devices, allowing companies to showcase fully-scaled 3D augmented reality models of their products in their customers’ physical space. Tango is Google’s technology enabling AR experiences, and Lenovo’s Phab 2 Pro is currently the only commercial Tango-enabled Smartphone that enables augmented reality. Participating companies are currently using these interactive sales and marketing applications at trade shows and at customer meetings to show how products look and behave in the customers’ actual medical laboratories, datacenters and manufacturing facilities. With the new AR applications in use today, Google, Lenovo and Kaon will focus on full rollouts to Fortune 500 sales teams. „AR and VR applications are game-changers for B2B marketers, but we’re just scratching the surface,” said Kaon Interactive President & CEO, Gavin Finn. „As innovative Tango- and Daydream-enabled devices are brought to market, such as the Phab 2 Pro and the Daydream standalone VR headset from Lenovo, which was just announced at Google I/O, Fortune 500 sales teams will increasingly adopt the technology as competitive marketing and sales differentiators. Google and Lenovo have recognized this potential, and we’re excited about partnering to deliver more collaborative offerings.” The trio will showcase its AR and VR experiences at Augmented World Expo in Santa Clara, Calif., on May 31 – June 2 at booth #237. There, attendees will have the opportunity to experience Kaon’s AR and VR applications on the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro via Tango. Additionally, Gavin Finn will participate in a 30-minute all-star panel, hosted on the AWE main stage, on May 31 that is sure to inspire the AR and VR industry audience. Kaon VR® is the most advanced B2B marketing solution available that immerses users in an interactive digital B2B environment, such as a virtual data center or a virtual diagnostics laboratory. Kaon AR® is the first B2B Augmented Reality marketing application that integrates interactive 3D Product Models into real-world business environments. About Kaon Interactive Kaon Interactive is a B2B software company. Kaon’s interactive sales and marketing applications simplify complex product and solution stories in a visually engaging way anywhere, anytime, turning prospects into customers. The company’s interactive 3D sales and marketing applications transform product and solution marketing content into visual storytelling experiences to deepen customer engagement, reduce marketing expenses and accelerate the sales cycle. More than 5,000 Kaon Interactive applications are being used worldwide at trade shows, remote sales demonstrations, product launches, executive briefing centers, and websites by leading global product manufacturing companies. For more information about Kaon, visit www.kaon.com.  Media Contact for Kaon Interactive Deanna Haas deanna@hollywoodpr.net (781) 749-0077 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/google-kaon-interactive-and-lenovo-drive-rapid-adoption-of-augmented-reality-and-virtual-reality-b2b-platform-300463965.html SOURCE Kaon Interactive Related Links http://www.kaon.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsJoint Ventures, Trade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Switch Announces Massive PRIME Data Center Campus in Atlanta Next PostNext Global Dog Care Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Hope Fest Hopes to Raise More Than Awareness To Fight The Opioid Epidemic 1791 Supply & Co Announces Its First Show & Shop in Las Colinas, TX JA Solar to Hold Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on June 30, 2017 Southeast Grad Argues Case as Law Student Before Kansas Court of Appeals TetriDyn Solutions, Inc. (TDYSD: OTC Pink Current) | Company Name Change Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us TECHNOLOGY Google goes beyond online to brick and mortar stores to track shopping habits Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=2033958" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> It might sound invasive on the surface, but Google says it is not tracking individual shoppers and their specific purchases. (KGO-TV) KGO By Katie Marzullo Thursday, May 25, 2017 10:29AM CAMPBELL, California -- You probably already know that Google tracks what you search for online, but now the Silicon Valley giant is going offline -- and tracking what you buy at brick and mortar stores. It might sound invasive on the surface, but Google says it is not tracking individual shoppers and their specific purchases. Shoppers like Cynthia Spencer are concerned when they hear Google has a new tool for tracking consumer habits. Watch the video in the player above for the full story. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: technologyshoppingcredit cardsconsumerconsumer reportstippinggooglesilicon valleyCalifornia Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KGO-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. TECHNOLOGY This Day In History: The Brooklyn Bridge opens Facebook Safety Check activated after reported explosion at Ariana Grande concert Can hackers watch your home security cameras? Is your cellphone spying on you? More Technology Top Stories Mom who lost her legs in head-on crash talks to ABC13 Panhandler accused of scamming sets record straight 3rd suspect arrested after deadly shooting near Alvin Expensive violin stolen from musician in Montrose area Say cheese! Guide dog joins senior in yearbook photo Cop allegedly offered to drop ticket for nude photos New video released in murder mystery Show More Busy Galleria-area intersection to be closed this weekend Police tackle driver after chase near downtown Police capture suspect after chase and carjacking PHOTOS: 21 children missing in Houston this year Woman says 'bad gas' trashed her minivan More News Top Video Expensive violin stolen from musician in Montrose area 3rd suspect arrested after deadly shooting near Alvin Mom who lost her legs in head-on crash talks to ABC13 Police searching for dog stolen during burglary More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Latest News Dow 21,083 +70.53 +0.34% Nasdaq 6,205 +42.23 +0.69% S&P 500 2,415 +10.68 +0.44% 3:06 A.M. ET WTI oil futures turn higher, rise 0.6% to $49.18 a barrel 3:04 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 Oil & Gas Index drops 1.1% in early trade 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 opens lower by 0.2% to 12,601.63 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% lower at 5,326.26 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 2 points higher at 7,520.69 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 391.18 2:03 A.M. ET Nikkei slips below 20,000, Aussie stocks also fall on weak oil prices 1:35 A.M. ET Trump wants an investigation into leaks over Manchester terror attack 1:17 A.M. ET Republican Greg Gianforte wins Montana special election despite assault charge 12:56 A.M. ET Japan core consumer prices rise 0.3% in April 12:55 A.M. ET Jared Kushner will cooperate in probe over Russian interference in U.S. election 5/25 Updated Republican charged in assault on reporter leads in bellwether Montana congressional race 5/25 Updated Memorial Day Weekend is No. 1 for fatal traffic accidents 5/25 Updated The lower your self-esteem, the higher your credit card fees 5/25 Updated Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? 5/25 Updated Where do you get better deals — Costco or Amazon? 5/25 Updated Read this before jumping into a swimming pool this summer 5/25 Updated Eating chocolate may be good for your heart (and your relationship) 5/25 Nutanix spikes as bigger customers sign on to hybrid cloud 5/25 Updated 40 travel companies ask Trump not to reinstate Cuba travel restrictions Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Google tries again in China using AlphaGo event that targets the young By Liza Lin and Jack Nicas Published: May 25, 2017 11:05 a.m. ET Share A multiday Go match and its promotion are seen as a chance for Google to raise profile with China’s young engineers, woo officials Reuters Chinese Go celebrity Ke Jie reacts during his second match against Google's artificial intelligence program AlphaGo at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province. By LizaLin JackNicas A friendly game of Go in the picturesque city of Wuzhen this week has given Google an opening to return to China’s good graces, seven years after it left the country over government censorship of its namesake search engine and hacks of its Gmail service. Few companies can match Google GOOGL, +1.46%   for its global reach, with billions of people hooked on its products. Yet China manages without it, leaving a gaping hole in the global map for the Silicon Valley giant and its parent, Alphabet Inc., as they expand into driverless cars, cloud-computing products and other technologies made possible by rapid advances in artificial intelligence, or AI. On the surface, the Google entourage was here for a three-game Go rematch between its AlphaGo computer program and Ke Jie, China’s 19-year-old world champion. After two matches, AlphaGo is up 2-0, with a final game set for Saturday. Beyond the contest, the event allowed Google to be seen in a country that is significant for its long-term business prospects, and to forge relationships with Chinese government officials who could play pivotal roles in that respect. Wuzhen is also the venue for a high-profile internet conference convened annually by the Cyberspace Administration of China. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com . Popular on WSJ.com: Get ready to unpack for airport security Manchester bomber believed Muslims were mistreated, sought revenge More from MarketWatch More Coverage Why oil is plunging even after OPEC extended its landmark output-cut deal The many failures of Elon Musk, captured in one giant infographic S&P 500, Nasdaq close at records as stock market extends win streak to a 6th day Quote References GOOGL +14.25 +1.46% Most Popular Wall Street laughed at a call for bitcoin at $25,000—but after a 400% surge, the laughter is fading Republican charged in assault on reporter leads in bellwether Montana congressional race Where do you get better deals — Costco or Amazon? 16 energy stocks that company executives love, regardless of what OPEC does TSA Security Lines: Changes Coming at the Airport MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $991.86 +14.25 (+1.46%) Volume 1.9M Open $979.00 High $995.78 Low $977.82 P/E Ratio 33.52 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 668.4B
SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login Register Techtarget Network News Features Tips More Content Answers Buyer's Guides Essential Guides Opinions Photo Stories Podcasts Quizzes Tutorials Sponsored Communities Schools SearchSecurity Topic Information security threats Data security Identity and access management Network security Security training and jobs Infosec programs Risk management strategies Network threat detection Platform security Security compliance Software security Web security tools Wireless and mobile security All Topics SubTopic Malware Nation-state cyberattacks Messaging threats Emerging threats Hacker tools and techniques Malware All Subtopics Follow: Q Problem solve Get help with specific problems with your technologies, process and projects. How does Gooligan malware compromise Google accounts? by Nick Lewis Android apps infected with Gooligan malware enable attackers to compromise the security of Google accounts. Expert Nick Lewis explains how users can protect themselves. Sections Share this item with your network: Related Expert Q&A How does the HummingBad malware enable click fraud? – SearchSecurity Zeus malware is back with a new target: Mobile devices – SearchSecurity What does this year's Android Security Report mean ... – SearchSecurity Sponsored News Got Data? Take Control –Dell Top 5 Questions On Desktop Virtualization and Converged Solutions –Dell See More Vendor Resources What Android for Work Means for the Enterprise –MobileIron Android for Work: Top 8 Security Considerations Every CISO Should Know –MobileIron More than one million Google accounts had their security compromised by the Gooligan malware. Google updated Verify... Sign in for existing members Continue Reading This Article Enjoy this article as well as all of our content, including E-Guides, news, tips and more. Step 2 of 2: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. Apps in the Google Play Store to prevent users from installing apps infected with Gooligan. How did Gooligan breach these accounts, and what can be done to prevent tokens from being stolen? Part of the standard security advice for mobile device users is to only install apps from approved app stores, like the Google Play Store for Android devices. Many pieces of mobile malware rely on people installing potentially malicious apps from outside of legitimate app stores. People might install mobile apps using third-party sites or directly from a developer for many different reasons, and this puts them at additional risk, as many mobile malware authors target these apps. Check Point researchers blogged about the Gooligan malware attack, which starts when someone installs an infected app from outside the Google Play Store. Once the Gooligan malware is installed, it connects to a command-and-control server and downloads a rootkit to take complete control of the vulnerable Android device. Once it has control, it steals the user's Google email account and authentication token, which enables it to access the user's other Google accounts, such as Google Photos, Google Docs and Google Drive. However, instead of stealing user account data, the malware downloads additional apps from the Google Play Store and leaves positive reviews for them in order to generate ad revenue for the attacker. To protect your Android device from the Gooligan malware, only install apps from the Google Play Store, and do not approve app installations unless they are from the Google Play Store or an enterprise-approved third-party store. Users may want to periodically check to see if new apps were installed on their devices to make sure they didn't accidently install something malicious, and should use Check Point's Gooligan Checker to see if their account has been compromised. Users affected by Gooligan malware should follow Check Point's recommended recovery steps -- flashing the device's OS and changing their Google account password. This is in addition to installing updates on Android devices and for apps installed via the Google Play Store. Users whose Google accounts may have been compromised by any new apps can refer to Google's instructions for help with account recovery. Next Steps Learn how mobile app developers can work to reduce security risks Find out how the Mazar Android malware can gain control over devices Discover how a malicious app bypassed the Google Play Store's security This was last published in May 2017 Dig Deeper on Malware, virus, Trojan and spyware protection and removal All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Switcher Android Trojan: How does it attack wireless routers? adware NSA spyware found infecting tens of thousands worldwide botnet Load More View All NSA spyware found infecting tens of thousands worldwide Hajime worm fights the forces of evil IoT malware, maybe Cheap ransomware as a service arrives for malicious actors Pegasus malware expands from iOS to Android Load More View All News adware botnet Five criteria for purchasing from threat intelligence providers insider threat Load More View All Get started Five criteria for purchasing from threat intelligence providers What are some best practices for reporting ransomware attacks? Ransomware costs not limited to ransoms, research shows How does the SFG malware dropper evade antimalware programs? Load More View All Evaluate What to consider about signatureless malware detection Recent ransomware attacks: Data shows 50% growth in 2016 How does the Android Trojan Triada infect a device's core processes? How does the Trochilus RAT evade detection and sandboxing? Load More View All Manage Switcher Android Trojan: How does it attack wireless routers? How does Exaspy spyware disguise itself on Android devices? How does the Locky ransomware file type affect enterprise protection? Hajime malware: How does it differ from the Mirai worm? Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook Protect against ransomware with comprehensive backup and recovery E-Handbook How to prevent ransomware or recover from a ransomware breach Nick Lewis asks: How does your enterprise protect Android users from malware like Gooligan? Join the Discussion Related Q&A from Nick Lewis How does the Stegano exploit kit use malvertising to spread? A malvertising campaign by the AdGholas group has been found spreading the Stegano exploit kit. Expert Nick Lewis explains how web advertisements are...continue reading How does Rakos malware attack embedded Linux systems? Rakos malware is attempting to build a botnet by attacking embedded Linux systems. Expert Nick Lewis explains how enterprises can prevent attacks on ...continue reading Switcher Android Trojan: How does it attack wireless routers? The Switcher Trojan spreads to Android devices through the wireless router to which they are connected. Expert Nick Lewis explains how this attack is...continue reading Have a question for an expert? Please add a title for your question Get answers from a TechTarget expert on whatever's puzzling you. Add a title You will be able to add details on the next page. Meet all of our Information Security experts View all Information Security questions and answers Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] lewisnic - 25 May 2017 9:00 AM How does your enterprise protect Android users from malware like Gooligan? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity Four common cloud attacks and how to prepare for them Cloud attacks are increasingly targeting service providers. Expert Frank Siemons looks at the different types of attacks from ... How DevOps tools can be used to integrate cloud automation DevOps tools can be used to deploy secure cloud automation. Expert Dave Shackleford looks at how this works and which tools are ... Cloud privacy: Baseline features and emerging techniques Achieving cloud privacy can be a lofty task for enterprises, but it's not as impossible as it seems. Expert Ed Moyle outlines how... SearchNetworking Let this edge router review help guide your next network purchase Read this edge router review to learn what capabilities current product lines now offer, which are essential for your particular ... Buying routers? Read this review on the latest in edge routers first Buying routers is more complicated than ever. This handbook on edge routers includes an overview of the latest capabilities to ... Choosing the best campus switches for your network environment Learn how to select the campus LAN switch vendor and switch models that will best meet your organization's needs in terms of ... SearchCIO Not investing in cybersecurity has 'inverse ROI' This month's cyberattacks clearly show the cost of skimping on cybersecurity. Unfortunately, the ROI for ample IT security is not... Don't let impostor syndrome hold you back Lots of accomplished people feel like frauds -- and that can get in the way of success. An IT pro shares his experience and the ... 21st century data security model: Can tech save us from ourselves? Modern threats have made traditional information security apparatuses obsolete, but new, tech-centric data security models are ... SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop Windows 10 keylogger adds fuel to the privacy fire Microsoft's data collection practices in Windows 10 have been under scrutiny since the company released the OS. The Windows 10 ... Citrix Analytics Service targets IT security market with AI IT pros need more visibility into what users are doing, and Citrix's new analytics service aims to provide just that. Citrix Workspace brings contextual computing to application access The new Citrix Workspace will give users access to apps -- and let IT enforce policies -- based on their device type, network, ... SearchCloudComputing Google IoT service checks box years after AWS, Azure Google's new IoT service plays catch up with AWS, Azure and others, but its analytics prowess could help close the gap in a ... Optimize a hybrid cloud platform with storage as a service In hybrid cloud computing, where you store data has a major impact on overall performance. Learn how SaaS can solve hybrid cloud ... Choose the best public cloud instances for your apps and budget Cloud computing instances can make or break application performance -- and costs. Evaluate your workloads to determine the right ... ComputerWeekly CBRE: Demand for colocation space in London holds firm in face of Brexit The latest CBRE quarterly report, charting the performance of the European colocation market, shows demand for capacity in London... Laptop, desktop PC and mobile device strategy: Essential guide IT leaders have greater choice in end-user devices than ever before. The age of PC-only users is over - employees demand the ... IT firm gets Scality object storage to boost S3-based offerings Blue Chip deploys Scality Ring object storage on commodity hardware with S3 connectivity to enable new cloud, backup and ... About Us Meet The Editors Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2017, TechTarget Close
Latest News Dow 21,083 +70.53 +0.34% Nasdaq 6,205 +42.23 +0.69% S&P 500 2,415 +10.68 +0.44% 3:06 A.M. ET WTI oil futures turn higher, rise 0.6% to $49.18 a barrel 3:04 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 Oil & Gas Index drops 1.1% in early trade 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 opens lower by 0.2% to 12,601.63 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% lower at 5,326.26 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 2 points higher at 7,520.69 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 391.18 2:03 A.M. ET Nikkei slips below 20,000, Aussie stocks also fall on weak oil prices 1:35 A.M. ET Trump wants an investigation into leaks over Manchester terror attack 1:17 A.M. ET Republican Greg Gianforte wins Montana special election despite assault charge 12:56 A.M. ET Japan core consumer prices rise 0.3% in April 12:55 A.M. ET Jared Kushner will cooperate in probe over Russian interference in U.S. election 5/25 Updated Republican charged in assault on reporter leads in bellwether Montana congressional race 5/25 Updated Memorial Day Weekend is No. 1 for fatal traffic accidents 5/25 Updated The lower your self-esteem, the higher your credit card fees 5/25 Updated Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? 5/25 Updated Where do you get better deals — Costco or Amazon? 5/25 Updated Read this before jumping into a swimming pool this summer 5/25 Updated Eating chocolate may be good for your heart (and your relationship) 5/25 Nutanix spikes as bigger customers sign on to hybrid cloud 5/25 Updated 40 travel companies ask Trump not to reinstate Cuba travel restrictions Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Google tries again in China using AlphaGo event that targets the young By Liza Lin and Jack Nicas Published: May 25, 2017 11:05 a.m. ET Share A multiday Go match and its promotion are seen as a chance for Google to raise profile with China’s young engineers, woo officials Reuters Chinese Go celebrity Ke Jie reacts during his second match against Google's artificial intelligence program AlphaGo at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province. By LizaLin JackNicas A friendly game of Go in the picturesque city of Wuzhen this week has given Google an opening to return to China’s good graces, seven years after it left the country over government censorship of its namesake search engine and hacks of its Gmail service. Few companies can match Google GOOGL, +1.46%   for its global reach, with billions of people hooked on its products. Yet China manages without it, leaving a gaping hole in the global map for the Silicon Valley giant and its parent, Alphabet Inc., as they expand into driverless cars, cloud-computing products and other technologies made possible by rapid advances in artificial intelligence, or AI. On the surface, the Google entourage was here for a three-game Go rematch between its AlphaGo computer program and Ke Jie, China’s 19-year-old world champion. After two matches, AlphaGo is up 2-0, with a final game set for Saturday. Beyond the contest, the event allowed Google to be seen in a country that is significant for its long-term business prospects, and to forge relationships with Chinese government officials who could play pivotal roles in that respect. Wuzhen is also the venue for a high-profile internet conference convened annually by the Cyberspace Administration of China. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com . Popular on WSJ.com: Get ready to unpack for airport security Manchester bomber believed Muslims were mistreated, sought revenge More from MarketWatch More Coverage S&P 500, Nasdaq close at records as stock market extends win streak to a 6th day Republican charged in assault on reporter leads in bellwether Montana congressional race Did this not-safe-for-work internet sensation just signal a top in bitcoin? Quote References GOOGL +14.25 +1.46% Most Popular Wall Street laughed at a call for bitcoin at $25,000—but after a 400% surge, the laughter is fading Republican charged in assault on reporter leads in bellwether Montana congressional race Where do you get better deals — Costco or Amazon? 16 energy stocks that company executives love, regardless of what OPEC does TSA Security Lines: Changes Coming at the Airport MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $991.86 +14.25 (+1.46%) Volume 1.9M Open $979.00 High $995.78 Low $977.82 P/E Ratio 33.52 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 668.4B
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Tech News All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Dave Parrack The Desktop Player All Google Play Music Users Need Entertainment Linux The Desktop Player All Google Play Music Users Need Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: These Popular Windows Apps Use the Least Resources Windows These Popular Windows Apps Use the Least Resources Ben Stegner May 25, 2017 25-05-2017 7 minutes These Popular Windows Apps Use the Least Resources Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email When you choose a certain piece of software, what are your criteria for selecting it? Maybe you prefer the aesthetics over the competition or need features that its competitors don’t offer. These are valid reasons, but some people decide by another value: resource usage. Whether you’re trying to conserve battery on your laptop Should You Leave Your Laptop Plugged in All the Time? Should You Leave Your Laptop Plugged in All the Time? Is it better to keep your laptop plugged in, or use it on battery power? Turns out, the answer isn't entirely straightforward. Let's take a look. Read More or have an older computer that’s running slowly 7 Warning Signs It's Time to Replace your Old PC 7 Warning Signs It's Time to Replace your Old PC When should you buy a new computer? Read More , choosing the least resource-intensive programs is important. Using the lightest app to do the job can save resources for other programs. Let’s take a look at four main categories of Windows programs — browsers, text chat clients, PDF viewers, and media players — and test the three most popular options in each one. We’ll see how they stack up in RAM and CPU usage. My PC Specs and Testing Methods I recently built a new desktop PC with modern specs. Thus, none of these programs will put a heavy strain on my test system. However, I wanted to provide what’s in my computer for a point of reference: Operating System — Windows 10 Pro 64-bit CPU — Intel Core i5-7500 @ 3.4 GHz RAM — 16 GB DDR4 Graphics — ATI Radeon RX 480 Graphics, 8 GB SSD — Samsung 850 EVO 250 GB To test these programs, I’ll use the following data. Obviously, I’ll have each program at the forefront, not minimized, when capturing the stats. Browsers — Open five tabs (MakeUseOf, Google, CNN, Amazon, and Reddit) in a private browsing window to simulate default settings and no extensions. For Chrome, I’ll use the guest profile to prevent apps from running in the background. Text Chat Clients — Open the client with my current chats. PDF Viewers — Open this four-page test PDF. Media Players — Play the video that I recently made for our article on fixing external drive errors on Windows External Drive Not Recognized? This Is How to Fix It in Windows External Drive Not Recognized? This Is How to Fix It in Windows Read More . Let’s see how the programs stack up! Note that because CPU and RAM usage change constantly, I took these numbers from a single snapshot from each. If you ran these same tests, your results would vary. Browsers For browsers, we’re testing Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, and Microsoft Edge. While Edge is the default browser in Windows 10, it’s somewhat underwhelming 5 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Switch to Microsoft Edge Yet 5 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Switch to Microsoft Edge Yet Is Microsoft Edge worth using while Chrome, Firefox, and Opera are still around? Is Edge good enough to be your primary browser? Read More despite Microsoft’s claims that it’s faster and more secure than Chrome. Thus, we wanted to put it to the test. Google Chrome With MakeUseOf as the selected tab, Chrome’s main task used between 0.0 and 0.1 percent of the CPU and about 76.2 MB of RAM. However, this doesn’t account for Chrome’s many background processes. For a better picture, we could use the Process Explorer. But Chrome includes its own built-in task manager, too. In one snapshot, Chrome was using 3.2 percent of the CPU and 745.9 MB of RAM. Chrome is known for hogging RAM Why Is Chrome Using up So Much RAM? (And How to Fix It Right Now) Why Is Chrome Using up So Much RAM? (And How to Fix It Right Now) But why does Chrome use up so much RAM, especially compared to other browsers? And what can you do to keep it in check? Read More , so you’d expect to see high numbers here. This isn’t atrocious, but three-quarters of a gigabyte is a lot for just five tabs. You probably have many more than that open on normal days! Mozilla Firefox Firefox only keeps one process in the Task Manager, making it a lot easier to check its usage. With the MakeUseOf tab opened, Firefox was using 0.1 percent of the CPU and 324.9 MB of RAM. This is a lot more efficient than Chrome for the same tabs! Microsoft Edge Like Chrome, Edge breaks its tabs into separate processes. Thus, the main process of 0 percent CPU usage and 36.4 MB of RAM isn’t telling the whole story. Adding everything up shows that Edge uses about 18.5 percent of the CPU and 1,458.6 MB of RAM. For the same five tabs, that’s a lot more resource usage than Chrome. Text Chat Clients Instant messaging is a flooded market 5 Best Free Messaging Apps for Android 5 Best Free Messaging Apps for Android Need a free way to send messages to friends and family with your phone for free? Check out these apps. Read More . In addition to the three popular services we tested, you might use iMessage, Google Hangouts, Facebook Messenger, and more. However, some of those services don’t have a dedicated desktop app, so we can’t include them. Your choice of messenger probably depends more on which one your friends use than its resource usage, but it’s still interesting to compare. WhatsApp Like Chrome and Edge, WhatsApp keeps a few processes open. When idle, the main process used 0.1 percent of the CPU and 45.9 MB of RAM. The three background processes add up to 0.5 percent CPU and 155.5 MB of RAM. Thus, WhatsApp’s grand total is 0.6 percent CPU usage and 201.4 MB of RAM. This may differ if you have chats with more people open. Telegram It might surprise you that Telegram is much lighter on resources than WhatsApp. Telegram used 0 percent of the CPU and just 26.9 MB when open. I have many more active chats in Telegram than WhatsApp, making Telegram the clear winner. Goodbye over the top RAM usage Skype and hello Telegram. — Zaxxeh (@Zaxxeh) December 26, 2015 Viber Many have ditched the giant WhatsApp for Viber 5 Reasons Why You Should Ditch WhatsApp for Viber 5 Reasons Why You Should Ditch WhatsApp for Viber WhatsApp is the biggest instant messaging app out there, but is it the best? Hit the link to find out why Viber might just be a better choice. Read More — can we add lighter resource usage to the list of reasons to switch? With a few public chats open, I measured 0.1 percent CPU usage and 169.8 MB of RAM. This is a bit lower than WhatsApp with a similar number of chats open. Viber is also the only service of the three to include ads, which definitely wastes some resources. I noticed a spike in CPU usage when the ad changed. PDF Viewers Nearly every browser can open PDFs now, but there’s still value in keeping a PDF reader installed PDF Reader vs. Browser: Which PDF Viewer Is Best for You? PDF Reader vs. Browser: Which PDF Viewer Is Best for You? A PDF reader is often one of the first tools people install on their new computer. It's not glamorous or sexy, but it's a vital tool in your productivity arsenal. Or is it? Read More . Let’s compare the standard (but unnecessary This Is Why You Don't Need Adobe Reader This Is Why You Don't Need Adobe Reader Adobe Reader is bloated, slow, and a liability. In short, it's unnecessary. Do you need a PDF Reader at all? We show you how to open PDF files without Adobe Reader. Read More ) Adobe Reader with popular alternatives Foxit Reader and the ultra-light SumatraPDF 4 Very Light Alternatives to Adobe Reader 4 Very Light Alternatives to Adobe Reader Are you still using Adobe Reader for PDF documents? It's time to move on to an alternative PDF reader that is lightweight, launches quickly, and yet keeps your documents save. Read More . Adobe Reader Acrobat Reader is certainly the heaviest of the three tools, but does this apply to resource usage? We found that it used 0 percent of the CPU, but a fairly heavy 96.1 MB of RAM with the small test PDF open. However, Adobe Reader also includes a few background processes such as the Adobe Acrobat Update Service and the cloud features shown in Adobe RdrCEF. These use an additional 78 MB of RAM or so for a total of roughly 174.1 MB of RAM. #adobe reader is bloated piece of crap. proof : pic.twitter.com/hLfFOIaakX — ahmet çiftci (@ahmetciftci) May 23, 2014 Foxit Reader The Reader alternative clocked in with 0.1 percent CPU usage and 43.3 MB of RAM. As with all three apps, CPU usage was higher when scrolling through the document. SumatraPDF SumatraPDF carried similar stats when the PDF wasn’t moving. It used 0 percent of the CPU and took up about 56 MB of RAM. For a lighter install than Foxit, we would have expected to see less RAM taken up as well. Media Players Even though the rise of streaming has made local media apps less important, many people prefer to listen to music and watch videos locally. Let’s test three popular players The Top 5 Free Media Players for Windows The Top 5 Free Media Players for Windows Strong media player apps always rise to the top and it's not important which one you use. The best media player for you is the one you most enjoy using. We suggest the following... Read More : VLC Media Player, the included Windows Media Player, and Media Player Classic — Home Cinema (MPC-HC). We’ll start at one minute into the video. VLC Media Player During playback, VLC measured between 3.0 and 4.5 percent CPU usage with 108.9 MB of RAM used. Our test video is in 1080p, but it’s not too graphically intensive because it’s a screen recording. You could expect to see this usage go up if you were watching a movie scene or something similar. omfg people who recommend Media Player Classic over VLC have no idea how GOOD VLC is.. MPC can't even open m3u streams properly! — The Dhel (@The_Dhel) May 7, 2017 Windows Media Player Using the built-in Windows Media Player (WMP) offers better resource usage. It used between 0.5 and 2.6 percent of the CPU and 94.8 MB of RAM. It’s clear that WMP is lighter on CPU than VLC and uses slightly less RAM. MPC-HC Media Player Classic is a great alternative if you find VLC too bloated but still need a player that can handle all sorts of formats. In our test, MPC-HC used between 0.4 and 1.1 percent CPU. For RAM, it took up 100.4 MB. The Winners Let’s take a quick look at the results for each category. For Browsers, Firefox uses the fewest resources by far. Chrome used over double the RAM than Firefox did, and Edge used almost double that! In addition, we saw some high CPU usage from Edge. Of course, there are slimmer browsers that would be even smoother than Firefox, but of the big choices, it’s the best. In the Text Chat Clients category, Telegram blew away the others. Its tiny RAM footprint was a fraction of WhatsApp or Viber, adding to the reasons that it’s an excellent chat app Telegram Provides A Secure & Fast-Growing Alternative To WhatsApp Telegram Provides A Secure & Fast-Growing Alternative To WhatsApp Read More . Plus, it doesn’t have any ads like Viber. When we looked at PDF Viewers, Foxit Reader takes the crown. Of course Adobe Reader was the heaviest, but it’s odd that SumatraPDF didn’t fare better. It’s smaller than Foxit in terms of installation size! Finally, the lightest of the Media Players is a tie. Windows Media Player used the least RAM by a small margin, but Media Player Classic consistently took up less of the CPU. Thus, the winner depends on which resource you’re trying to conserve most. Time to Change Your Apps? Are you surprised by any of the winners here? We’ve learned that just because a service is the most popular in its category, it’s not the most efficient. Of course, real-world use is different from taking a snapshot of an idle program, so the real results might be a lot different. And unless you have a minuscule amount of RAM How Much RAM Do You Really Need? How Much RAM Do You Really Need? RAM is like short term memory. The more you multitask, the more you need. Find out how much your computer has, how to get the most out of it, or how to get more. Read More , an extra 50 MB isn’t going to cause any issues. But it’s still fun to test and see which programs use the least resources! Which of these results surprised you the most? Do you use the heavier or lighter apps on this list? Let us know what you think of our testing by leaving a comment! Previous PostWindows 10 Now Has a Place to Vent: The Feedback Hub 2 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Keith Collyer May 25, 2017 at 9:04 pm I actually switched BACk to Adobe Reader. I tried both Foxit and Sumatra and both had issues, The worst was Sumatra. It might have been lighter on memory, but when I tried to print something (probably around twenty pages of mostly text with a few pictures) it choked and never finished. The resulting print file was over 2GB, compared to around 200k from Reader. Reply Jonathan May 25, 2017 at 7:27 pm I would have liked to see Opera on the list. Maybe you could do one on light weight web browsers (although I'm sure you have, but can always update), although from using it for a few weeks now (again after forgetting it's existance, maybe years ago it was my standard, I think around the time Mozilla had come out of Netscape or something), it feels like a skinned Chrome, with different shortcut keys. But looking at this, maybe I should move to Firefox. It is already installed afterall. Reply Ben Stegner 677 articles Ben is MakeUseOf's Gaming section editor and Creative Director. He holds a B.S. in Computer Information Systems from Grove City College, where he graduated Cum Laude and with Honors in his major. He's currently focusing on ramping up MUO's Gaming content to appeal to gamers both casual and hardcore. Advertisement Latest Giveaways BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending 10 Free Operating Systems You Maybe Never Realized Existed Technology Explained Linux 10 Free Operating Systems You Maybe Never Realized Existed Search Excel Spreadsheets Faster: Replace VLOOKUP With INDEX and MATCH Productivity Search Excel Spreadsheets Faster: Replace VLOOKUP With INDEX and MATCH All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Tech News All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Advertisement Related Articles 8 Best Mobile Video Players for Android Android 8 Best Mobile Video Players for Android I Switched From Chrome to Opera and I’m Never Going Back Windows Browsers I Switched From Chrome to Opera and I’m Never Going Back Play Any DVD or Blu-Ray Disc With These Region-Free Players Buying Guides Play Any DVD or Blu-Ray Disc With These Region-Free Players Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Google’s linking of online behavior to offline… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Live: Bay Area Sports Insiders Warrior’s ‘illicit cat possession’ 15 percent tip enough? SJ jail guard trial Breast-feeding nosiness Anger over murder of zebra Business Google plan to link online behavior to offline shopping is creepy, even with privacy protections Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Google’s new logo near the Googleplex on Charleston Road in Mountain View, Calif, on Tuesday, Sept. 1, 2015. (Nhat V. Meyer/Bay Area News Group) By Larry Magid | larry@larrymagid.com | PUBLISHED: May 25, 2017 at 7:30 am | UPDATED: May 25, 2017 at 11:13 am On Tuesday, KCBS co-anchors Jeff Bell and Patti Reising and I talked about Google’s new plan to track brick-and-mortar transactions with online behavior during my daily live radio segment. But before I started explaining the plan, Patti began by saying, “Larry this sounds creepy to me.” And even after I explained Google’s claim that the data is purely aggregate and not associated with any individuals, she still found it creepy. And she was right. Regardless of how well Google encrypts and anonymizes data, any linkages between consumers’ online and offline behaviors will creep people out. Lots of people are already creeped out when they see ads on third-party sites associated with a previous search either on a seemingly random webpage or an e-commerce site such as Amazon. We’ve all seen these ads pop up on Facebook, in Google searches or other sites we visit, and you may have been creeped out by the fact that they are displaying ads for the very products we searched for on Google, Amazon or other sites. It’s especially creepy when the ad appears on a site that doesn’t appear to be affiliated with the site that actually gathered your information. Related Articles Biz Break: Google’s getting to know you, and what you buy, better than ever Google I/O highlights new products and services Judge refers Waymo vs. Uber to U.S. Attorney for criminal investigation There are several ways that advertisers can track you online. One, of course, is if you’re logged in. So if you’re shopping on Amazon, the company knows who you are. Google also encourages users to log in, which allows it to know where you’ve been on Google sites. And Facebook always knows who you are when you’re logged in to its site or using its app. But even if you’re not logged in, there are tracking cookies –- little files that are placed on your device’s storage to track where you have been. In addition to first-party cookies that store information, like user names and passwords, there are third-party cookies that can be placed by someone other than the site you are on, such as advertising networks or analytics companies that have partnered with the site you’re visiting. There are also Flash cookies that work with Adobe Flash player for tracking and advertising. Another trick is “device fingerprinting,” which can identify your device or browser without the use of cookies, regardless of whether you’re on a PC, a phone or another device. Another tool is the HTTP referrer, where the website you’re on passes your information to the next site you visit. You can learn more about how to identify and control tracking at larrysworld.com/tracking. It may actually get worse because Congress recently voted to allow internet service providers to sell your data, which means any site you visit is fair game since ISPs can know everything you do and everywhere you go when you’re on their network. Most internet service providers have privacy policies that limit how they use personal data, but any legal obstacles to disclosing it are diminishing. Regardless of whether the information being collected or even displayed can be tracked back to an individual, it can still be creepy. For example, a few years ago, a friend told me she saw an ad on Facebook directed specifically to “50-year-old women in Palo Alto” and wondered how the advertiser knew her age and location. It didn’t, but Facebook does. Facebook didn’t sell this woman’s information to the advertiser. Instead, it did something that’s a lot more profitable in the long run. It kept that information to itself but sold the demographic by displaying that ad on the Facebook page of anyone who met whatever criteria the advertiser specified. Aside from not violating Facebook’s privacy policy, it also gives Facebook a big financial advantage because it means that the advertiser will have to pay Facebook each time it wants to reach those users. When I explained this to my friend, she was relieved to know that her information wasn’t sold, but she still found it creepy to log on to Facebook and find an ad that mentioned her age, gender and location. Google’s new online and offline matching service for advertisers helps brick-and-mortar businesses know whether people who click on their online ads are actually shopping at their stores by matching credit and debit card transactions with online behavior. Google says that the data is encrypted and anonymized and that even Google can’t see any personally identifiable data or payment information. Google says that the data is presented in aggregate form so that both Google and the advertiser could, for example, know how many people who clicked on their ad wound up buying something from the store. “While we developed the concept for this product years ago, it required years of effort to develop a solution that could meet our stringent user privacy requirements,”  a Google spokesperson said. “To accomplish this, we developed a new, custom encryption technology that ensures users’ data remains private, secure and anonymous.” The spokesperson also said that “Google only learns of the aggregate value over multiple purchases, not individual transactions or individual products or who the individual person is. Also, we only measure for users who have consented for Web and App History. They have the option to make changes to this setting using the My Accounts page.” For advertisers, Google’s plan means better insight into the effectiveness of their online campaigns. For Google, it’s a great marketing tool because it can point to its successes when selling ads. For the rest of us, as my colleague Patti said, it’s just plain creepy. Targeted advertising isn’t going away. It’s the fuel that monetizes all of the free online services we’ve come to rely on, and without targeted ads many of these services would lose money or at least operate at a smaller profit. Personally, I prefer the old advertising model used in print, TV and radio where the advertiser knows something about the type of person who reads or tunes in but nothing about that person’s habits. But that type of advertising doesn’t bring in as much money as ads that are targeted and even ads don’t necessarily generate as much money as data about the individuals visiting sites and using apps. So having to deal with sharing out data may be the price we must pay for all the free services we get online, but I sure hope we find ways way to make it more transparent, more controllable and a lot less creepy. Larry Magid is CEO of ConnectSafely.org, a nonprofit internet safety organization that receives support from Google and other companies. Tags:  Personal Technology Larry Magid Larry Magid is a tech journalist & internet safety activist. Follow Larry Magid @larrymagid Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Ask Amy: My boyfriend is Mexican, and I’m afraid of a family scene Carolyn Hax: It’s my father’s dream wedding but not mine Miss Manners: What I say when they ask why I won’t breast-feed Ask Mr. Dad: Fathers can help daughters by playing dolls with them Zebra killing on California’s north coast has outraged people around the world Watch: Police release video of suspects in stabbing of SJSU football player Big Sur’s new cul-de-sac: Open for business Hall of Famer set to leave Sharks organization More in Business Mind-bending virtual reality exhibit opens Friday at Tech Museum May 25, 2017, 10:29 pm The Tech museum becomes one of the first in the country to have a permanent virtual reality exhibit. Biz Break: HP’s quarterly win isn’t a runaway one May 25, 2017, 4:14 pm Despite a strong quarterly report, and solid outlook, HP’s investors wanted more from the PC and printer company and sent its shares down 3.4 percent Thursday. Read Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s Harvard commencement speech May 25, 2017, 4:02 pm Zuckerberg urges graduates to help create a world where everyone has a sense of purpose. Facebook CEO and Harvard dropout Mark Zuckerberg’s message as he finally collects his degree May 25, 2017, 4:42 pm Facebook CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg delivered a commencement address at Harvard on Thursday. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 33 Plus 1 on G+ 105 Share on Facebook 85 Share on Twitter Total Shares223 Applications Google Google has been improving Gboard with the same type of tools it uses for speech recognition: machine learning. The budding technology is rapidly becoming a ubiquitous method for improving results and performance. If a network can be trained to accurately accomplish something in a performant way, odds are you'll see it introduced to any product it can be applied to. Gboard and text-input as a whole are no different, and we are reaping the benefits of improved corrections and predictions every time we swipe out a low-accuracy message to a friend. But how do these improvements work? This is going to be a pretty technical post, and I'm going to do my best to simplify things to a level where everyone can enjoy the subject. All of this is based on a recent Google Research blog post. If you are really into machine learning and you already know what every term I might use means, the source link is probably the best place for you to learn about the cool new stuff in Gboard. If, however, you think you might want a few of the concepts or terms explained, then this article might be the place for you. Google's latest research blog post is all about one thing: Gboard. The authors talk about some of the new features that were shown off at I/O, like the transliteration tools for typing in a language you might only have a phonetic familiarity with. But the biggest things discussed in the article relate to how input is determined, and the models and math that determine which swipes equate to which words, and how to most accurately correct mistakes. The two solutions Google has found revolve around its neural spatial models for processing input, and finite-state transducers for state progression to accurately determine content. These sound like complex ideas, but their cleverness can be explained. Input Neural spatial models are just a fancy way of saying machine learning applied to any space. For instance, the physical Gboard keyboard layout itself. When we type, we sometimes type wrong. And when we swipe, we sometimes swipe wrong. I might have meant to drag over "P" for this word, but I only made it to O. That's where these neural spatial models come in handy. They are able to determine probabilities for which letters you meant to hit based on physical proximity of input, as well as predictive models based on trained corrections. Originally, Gboard used a Gaussian model, combed with a set of simple rules. That's a fancy way of saying it used physical proximity in a sort of bell-curve out from a given key, combined with a basic understanding of certain common errors. The developers have replaced the older Gaussian and rule-based model with an LSTM, or long short-term memory model, trained by a CTC, or connectionist temporal classification. Big somewhat scary acronyms, but they're actually pretty simple ideas. A long short-term memory is a particular kind of neural net ideal for use in applications of intermittent or unknown event/time latencies, and Google has previously used these for speech recognition, the Google Assistant, and Google Translate. A connectionist temporal classification is a specific method of training a neural network. After all, a neural network is nothing without data to derive weighted triggers and values from. In this case, it means segmenting data input to the network by time and allowing the network to retroactively refer to input, states, and output before and after the current set. To further simplify, it means referring to data at many stages of analysis from multiple periods of time, increasing the value of context in the network's training. To pull data for training, Google used data sets comprised of information collected when users opt-in to share snippets, and set reverted corrections and suggestions as negative signals, and accepted corrections or suggestions as positive. To help visualize how it might work, we have this image. In the above, the left represents individual data points from the word "could" as swiped on Gboard. The right is a normalized temporal data for the same swiped input. By being able to refer to the probable center of an input, in temporal context with inputs that came before and after, we can tell that the overall path means "Could" even if we might not have hit a couple of letters quite right. Google was further able to adapt some of its speech recognition tools and data and apply it to corrections and suggestions in Gboard, optimizing things over iterations with a heavy dose of Tensorflow to increase the speed of analysis and output and decrease the number of errors. All that is well and good, but Google can also leverage the rules of a language to enhance predictions. As a basic example, consider: If you tapped O-T instead of I-T, Gboard can look at its dictionary and determine that "OT" isn't something you are likely to input, but that the similar "IT" is a word. Furthermore, "I" is physically close to "O," so you probably meant "IT." Easy. Well, Google is able to do a similar but improved sort thing via what is called a finite-state transducer. Processing To vastly over-simplify, a finite-state transducer, in this case, means an order of operations for processing input. The operational flow above shows the various stages of potential input for the words "I," "I've," and "If." In this image input at each stage comes before the ":" (with ε representing nothing as either input or output), and potential outputs are shown after the ":" as they each become logical. So we start having input the letter "i." From the top path we can see, if there is no additional input, then "I" is the correct output. If an apostrophe or space follows, followed by the letter "v," then "I've" is the likely output. If the letter "f" follows, then "If" is the likely output. The final two flows at the bottom return to start. You can think of it as just a series of rules for input and output. Google is able to use these same tools at other scales. For instance, developers can create these logical chains for whole words and their contexts, combined with the spatial models above and statistical likelihoods for possible inputs. These tools also apply to the transliteration features that were shown off at I/O. By implementing those same workflows and networks towards phonetically spelled input, it can guess what characters or words in another language you might mean. For anyone that might speak a language, but not know how to spell it, that's pretty cool. Unfortunately, if you can't read the language, you aren't really in a position to know if what it's typing is right or wrong, but it's still a useful tool. Output Gboard and machine learning are both pretty fantastically interesting and complex subjects. I hope our simplification of the tools behind it has helped you understand a bit more behind how it all works. It's useful to have knowledge about how the things we use on a daily basis work, not just in an abstract sense for intellectual fulfillment, but to provide us with a base for troubleshooting when things might go wrong. Now when GBoard makes seemingly odd recommendations, you might have a small idea as to why. Source: Google Tags AI autocorrect gboard machine learning neural networks predictive keyboard video subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon's LG K8 V is getting an update to Android 7.0 Nougat ... Next Story Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more ... Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments KlausWillSeeYouNow Despite all this, Gboard is total and utter shit at predicting what it is I'm trying to say. It's also buggy and crashy as hell. I switched to SwiftKey and haven't looked back. elijahblake it is very, very, very, bad at predicting correct words.. I do miss swiftkey sometimes. I guess i'm just hanging in there hoping the gboard starts learning. Just today instead of "this" it put "thoe" Dennis Ulijn I accidentally typed htought and it corrected it to brought instead of thought... Like... Why?! dimm0k I've mentioned this before... prior to the change of name to Gboard when it was Google Keyboard, the prediction was actually decent! since the name change however I agree that the prediction has been pretty crappy! words that I've typed pretty often still get mistaken for some other random word that doesn't even work in the sentence I'm typing out! JD I'm not the only one the noticed. That since the GBoard change it's turned to shit. When it was Google Keyboard it was neck and neck with Swiftkey David Thoren That's interesting.. I've never really used the prediction to type with, I just swipe through without looking, so I can't really speak to that.. But I have never seen Gboard crash or even get unstable. KlausWillSeeYouNow Gboard is totally unstable on my LG V20. Maybe it's just something specific to my device – but only recent versions of Gboard have had this issue for me. I miss the days of Google Keyboard, a stable product that actually worked. gv Haven't had any stability problems with g'board; don't think it's even crashed once on my axon7. But then again, it doesn't work worth a damn either, so is that really such an accomplishment? KlausWillSeeYouNow Yeah. Amen. Sounds like you and I should have a beer sometime. We clearly feel the same about Gboard. gv You can apply all the fancy machine learning you want, doesn't change that gv is total shit at predicting swiped words... it's so bad that I've gone back to swype despite it being a resource hog and slow. My favorite thing is you'll swipe a word, and gv will take a guess and be really wrong. So you'll back over it, swipe it again and gv will guess the EXACT SAME WORD. So you'll back over it, swipe it again, and gv will now be so sure that it won't offer *any* alternative suggestions (even though the alternative suggestions were also wrong) the third time. Machine learning, my ass! Machine stupidity; if it wasn't the correct word the first or second time you can be damn sure it's not the correct word the third time! So then you type in the word you actually want, and next sentence you need the same word. Idiot gv then suggests the original word AGAIN when you swipe it. Machine learning, my ass! At least swype is smart enough to know that if you just used a word it didn't swype in correctly, next time you swype something close to that (even if you didn't permanently add it to the dictionary) that's likely the word you wanted! KlausWillSeeYouNow AMEN! PREACH! I second this. It's so annoying. You said it better than I ever could, pal. Whatever Gboard's doing, it isn't working. Carson Saldanha I'm even on the beta on my 2014 Nexus 6 and it's running just fine--no crashes or anything. blahmoomoo If they can one day figure out when I mean to say "if" or "of", I'll be happy. It feels like less of a problem recently, but it still happens sometimes... Lare2 The problem I have with Gboard is that when you write on two languages and forget to change the language, over the time, it will start suggesting words on the wrong language. Rod This. On the other hand, Swiftkey handles languages nicely. h4rr4r It does this to me constantly. What I hate is that enabling a language for this requires adding its keyboard. For languages with the same alphabet but different layout it is really annoying. big_al77 I love gboard. Best keyboard for a while now Miku is Best Vocaloid I started using it as soon as they added bilingual prediction. Ha hecho mi vida mucho más fácil. Joseph Walker Home-based mom Kelly Richards from New York City after giving up from her full time work managed to get paid from 26000 dollars-28000 dollars a month from freelancing in the house... This is how she working it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Cynthiajchester Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sb192c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sb192c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs482ShopFinanceGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sb192c:....,........ Max I always used it anyways but that was a looooong awaited addition for me! Ahora puedo escribir mis mensajes en spanglish sin problemas :) matteventu And why the hell when I write in Italian it often tells me "Download now the Portuguese dictionary" (or some shit like that) as a tip? Can't it understand that I'm writing in Italian, with also the Italian dictionary set up? Lare2 It's​ doing the same to me when typing in Spanish. Stu I've finally made the switch from fleksy to gboard. Not the smoothest transition but there are some pluses. I just wish that when I turned off auto capitalization it worked for everything and not just the first letter of a sentence. Wouldn't mind if it knew that punctuation went at the end of the last word, even if I put a space already (like with commas). Would also be nice if when I added words to the dictionary it knew better when to suggest them or auto add them. Even when I add shortcuts in the dictionary I still have to type very deliberately, add apostrophes myself, etc. My name is…. A far lesser keyboard to Swiftkey. Mike Each have their pros and cons, I personally prefer Gboard for it's speed but Swiftkey has more features going for it. KlausWillSeeYouNow There's nothing fast about having to correct nearly every word Gboard predicts or swipes wrong. It will change correctly typed words, like "got," to stuff that can neither be contextually nor structurally related, like "hey." It was just like torture. I wanted to love Gboard but couldn't :( Aaron I want to love Gboard still. Just couldn't keep using Swiftkey after after the MS buyout. KlausWillSeeYouNow Why? It's not like it has Outlook built in or anything. Prezes Dyrektor Because Microsoft spying on us is evil, and Google or Facebook for example are fair and righteous /s Aaron IDK. My ever growing disdain for Windows has expanded to all Microsoft products. It's not necessarily rational. Brandon Giesing I'm pretty sure they mean speed as in it doesn't lag your whole device like SwiftKey does. Yeah you do waste more time technically because correcting stuff non-stop but Gboard is definitely faster than SwiftKey when it comes to not lagging. KlausWillSeeYouNow I've had the exact opposite experience. Everything about SwiftKey is faster. Gboard is a lagfest. Dmitry Stepanushkin Sure some people will use swipe input, but I prefer tap, especially for English keyboard, it's much faster for me, and swipe feels unreliable. Mike I try to Swype all the time and it just feels like I'm wasting time versus just tapping. Christopher Bement Swiping is way faster for me. tlogank Gboard kills the battery on my S7 for some reason. I get more alerts about it eating my battery up than any other app. Wish that wasn't the case because it's my favorite keyboard, but I can't keep using it as is. Carson Saldanha Try setting the theme to black AMOLED. I know that shouldn't be the fix and probably won't fully fix it, but it'll for sure help a little and will only take a while until you get used to the look. tlogank I'm getting notices for it even when I'm not using it. It's like doing stuff in the background or something. Carson Saldanha Strange. Have you tried a reinstall? Christopher Bement What have you tried in an attempt to fix it? tlogank Not much besides uninstalling and reinstalling it. Doesn't seem to help for more than a day. Druter Gboard is one of the most inaccurate keyboards on the Play store right now. Sometimes it almost seems as if it's trying to make typing as full of errors as possible. I have taken to reading everything two or three times to catch the errors and it still manages to sneak some in there. I do not have confidence enough in Gboard to type even short sentences and hit send without proofreading. If this is machine learning, the machine needs to go back to school Captain_Invisible Yup! It is by far the worst correction I have ever experienced in a keyboard. I can press all the right letters for a word (that makes complete sense) just to have it "correct" to another word... obk88 just used it for about a week its very intriguing...using gifs, doing quick search from the keyboard and also used the translation option...but typing is just more effortless on swfitkey. Prediction is better on swiftkey, no suggestions in chrome or other apps is really annoying & gliding isnt as smooth...google is going in the right direction but this app still needs work...for now im back on swfitkey but keeping an eye on gboard for sure gv gboard may have machine learning algorithms, but they suck out loud. The ONLY thing it has going for it is launch speed. Other than that, it's far slower because it mis-predicts what word I'm swiping nearly 85% of the time. Seriously, I was swiping a text the other day and it didn't swipe a correct word. Eventually wound up thumbing the message just so I could talk! tehboogieman One of my biggest issues with Gboard is the inconsistency of whole word delete when swipe typing. I recently discovered there is a swipe backspace feature that I haven't read about anywhere that partially makes up for it, but I wish they would make the experience more consistent. If AP hasn't mentioned it yet it might be post worthy. I like a lot of the other improvements that Gboard has over the previous Google/AOSP keyboard. I've noticed a lot of improvements in text correction that takes a little getting used to, where it actually corrects groups of words or phrases in some situations. Still annoyed that I can't sync with my other devices just because I have one GSuite account EH101 The GSuite thing pisses me off. And it's not even the 'main' account. Martin AP wrote about the "delete whole words by sliding from backspace" thing back when it was introduced a year ago, but then the keyboard was still called Google Keyboard. Ailín Ó’S SwiftKey will remain my goto however. Nathan J And yet, they still can't tell the difference between to and too, or insist I meant CSV when I trace type "can." Rod Great post! Amarus Kh I've been trying Gboard for four weeks now since I got a new phone, but I just can't get myself to like it. I find it annoying that it doesn't show suggestions in many types of input fields (e.g. my email address in user fields, chrome search/address bar, etc.), swiping is unreliable most of the time, predictions are rarely relevant and don't seem to have improved with use, and so on. I'm going back to Swype. Dave i use texpand for emails h4rr4r Can machine learning add the rest of the keys to the keyboard? xphyle Swiftkey for the Win. Samson In German no sign of improvement so far. F4LL0U7 That's really great, but they still haven't fixed the bug where you can't open the emoji gallery when using a physical bluetooth keyboard. ChrisHigs Most of the time i find it pretty good, but occasionally *is* it's frustrating. Sometimes it won't suggest the word I want when I am *doing* swiping directly over the letters of the word but suggests *stone* some other *weird* word. Like cos. No chips. No I want chips. Grr. Cos. No again. Cos cos cos cos cos cos. What I was trying to type was "chops" but it won't let me. Surrey Street Surrey Surrey Street Surrey. Why won't it recognise "suet". Flip, grr, flip, no, flop *send* seems another tricky *I've* one. I'm not going over the i but it suggests flip instead of flop half the time. This is all *speed* swiped on gboard and the asterisks are incorrect suggestions it made. Martin Now if only Gboard could understand that when I type "har" ("have" in Swedish), I don't mean "här" or "hår" ("here" and "hair", respectively). Had I been using an English keyboard layout it would have been understandable, but with a Swedish layout Å and Ä are separate keys on the opposite side of the keyboard, meaning that I really, really didn't go anywhere near those letters. SwiftKey had the same problem, but fixed it many years ago. Kevin I'd consider gboard among the worst for autocorrect. Example: I type "if I spell" googles three auto corrects from left to right is spell, spelling and spelled. When is "if I spelling" ever right? And why is that center? Swiftkey however, from left to right; spelled, spell, and spell it. All improved and in an order that makes the most sense. xyz And a Happy Holi to you too, machine. Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 113 queries | 0.360s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to content To Inform is to Influence IO, SC, PD, what's in a name? Menu About Information Operations Holistic Organizers IO, Cyber, SC, PD Community Calendar Name and Shame, Educating the Media Cybersecurity · cyberwar · Information operations · Information Warfare · Russia Tainted Leaks: Disinformation and Phishing With a Russian Nexus May 25, 2017 Joel Harding  I include the first half of the article here, to drive traffic to the Citizen Lab website.  Excellent report, excellent investigation, excellent details! </end editorial> May 25, 2017 Categories: Adam Hulcoop, John Scott-Railton, Matt Brooks, Reports and Briefings, Ron Deibert By: Adam Hulcoop, John Scott-Railton, Peter Tanchak, Matt Brooks, and Ron Deibert Read Citizen Lab Director Ron Deibert’s blog post on the report. Media coverage: Financial Times. “Every external operation is first and foremost a domestic one: the single most important role of the agencies is to secure the regime.” — Mark Galeotti on Russian foreign intelligence Key Points Documents stolen from a prominent journalist and critic of the Russian government were manipulated and then released as a “leak” to discredit domestic and foreign critics of the government. We call this technique “tainted leaks.” The operation against the journalist led us to the discovery of a larger phishing operation, with over 200 unique targets spanning 39 countries (including members of 28 governments). The list includes a former Russian Prime Minister, members of cabinets from Europe and Eurasia, ambassadors, high ranking military officers, CEOs of energy companies, and members of civil society. After government targets, the second largest set (21%) are members of civil society including academics, activists, journalists, and representatives of non-governmental organizations. We have no conclusive evidence that links these operations to a particular Russian government agency; however, there is clear overlap between our evidence and that presented by numerous industry and government reports concerning Russian-affiliated threat actors. Summary This report describes an extensive Russia-linked phishing and disinformation campaign. It provides evidence of how documents stolen from a prominent journalist and critic of Russia was tampered with and then “leaked” to achieve specific propaganda aims. We name this technique “tainted leaks.” The report illustrates how the twin strategies of phishing and tainted leaks are sometimes used in combination to infiltrate civil society targets, and to seed mistrust and disinformation. It also illustrates how domestic considerations, specifically concerns about regime security, can motivate espionage operations, particularly those targeting civil society. The report is organized into four parts described below: PART 1: HOW TAINTED LEAKS ARE MADE describes a successful phishing campaign against David Satter, a high-profile journalist. We demonstrate how material obtained during this campaign was selectively released with falsifications to achieve propaganda aims. We then highlight a similar case stemming from an operation against an international grantmaking foundation, headquartered in the United States, in which their internal documents were selectively released with modifications to achieve a disinformation end.  These “tainted leaks” were demonstrated by comparing original documents and emails with what Russia-linked groups later published.  We conclude that the tainting likely has roots in Russian domestic policy concerns, particularly around offsetting and discrediting what are perceived as “outside” or “foreign” attempts to destabilize or undermine the Putin regime. PART 2: A TINY DISCOVERY describes how the operation against Satter led us to the discovery of a larger phishing operation, with over 200 unique targets. We identified these targets by investigating links created by the operators using the Tiny.cc link shortening service.  After highlighting the similarities between this campaign and those documented by previous research, we round out the picture on Russia-linked operations by showing how related campaigns that attracted recent media attention for operations during the 2016 United States presidential election also targeted journalists, opposition groups, and civil society. PART 3: CONNECTIONS TO PUBLICLY REPORTED OPERATIONS outlines the connections between the campaigns we have documented and previous public reporting on Russia-linked operations. After describing overlaps among various technical indicators, we discuss the nuance and challenges surrounding attribution in relation to operations with a Russian nexus. PART 4: DISCUSSION explores how phishing operations combined with tainted leaks were paired to monitor, seed disinformation, and erode trust within civil society. We discuss the implications of leak tainting and highlight how it poses unique and difficult threats to civil society.  We then address the often-overlooked civil society component of nation-state cyber espionage operations. Introduction: Tainted Leaks & Civil Society Targets Russia-linked cyber espionage campaigns, particularly those involving targeting around the 2016 U.S. elections, and more recently the 2017 French election, have dominated the media in recent months. As serious as these events are, often overlooked in both media and industry reports on cyber espionage is a critical and persistent victim group: global civil society. A healthy, fully-functioning, and vibrant civil society is the antithesis of non-democratic rule, and as a consequence, powerful elites threatened by their actions routinely direct their powerful spying apparatuses toward civil society to infiltrate, anticipate, and even neutralize their activities. Unlike industry and government, however, civil society groups typically lack resources, institutional depth, and capacity to deal with these assaults. For different reasons, they also rarely factor into threat industry reporting or government policy around cyber espionage, and can be the silent, overlooked victims. As with previous Citizen Lab reports, this report provides further evidence of the “silent epidemic” of targeted digital attacks on civil society, in this case involving widely reported Russian-affiliated cyber espionage operations. Our report underscores the domestic roots of these foreign operations, and how concerns over regime security and domestic legitimacy can factor into Russian threat modeling and espionage targeting, both at home and abroad. Patient Zero for the Investigation: David Satter Our investigation began with a single victim: David Satter, a high-profile journalist, Rhodes Scholar, and critic of the Kremlin. In 2013, Satter was banned from Russia, allegedly for “flagrant violations” of visa laws, but which most attribute to his investigative reporting on Russian autocracy. Satter is known for his book, Darkness at Dawn, which investigated the possible 1999 conspiracy involving the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) in a series of bombings of Russian apartment buildings that was used as a justification for the second Chechen War and which facilitated the rise to power of Vladimir Putin. On October 7, 2016 Satter fell victim to a targeted phishing campaign, and mistakenly entered his password on a credential harvesting site. Satter’s e-mails were stolen and later published selectively, and with intentional falsifications, as we will describe in this report. While we cannot conclusively attribute the theft of Satter’s emails to one particular threat actor, nor do we have concrete details on the process by which his stolen emails were falsified and made their way into the public domain, we uncover and analyze several pieces of evidence to help contextualize the tainted leaks, while at the same time linking the infiltration of his email to a much wider cyber espionage campaign that has a Russian nexus. Tainted Leaks: Disinformation 2.0 Following the compromise of his account, Satter’s stolen e-mails were selectively modified, and then “leaked” on the blog of CyberBerkut, a self-described pro-Russian hacktivist group. This report introduces the term “tainted leaks” to describe the deliberate seeding of false information within a larger set of authentically stolen data. We examine in detail how a report sent to the National Endowment for Democracy (NED) about Radio Liberty’s Russian investigative reporting project (contained in the emails stolen from Satter) was carefully modified with false information prior to being released. We show how this manipulation created the false appearance that prominent Russian anti-corruption figures, including Alexei Navalny, were receiving foreign funding for their activities. (Alexei Navalny is a well-known Russian anti-corruption activist and opposition figure). We also note how the document was used in an effort to discredit specific reports about corruption among close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin. In addition, whoever tainted the document also made reference to an article that had not yet been published at the time the document was “leaked.” This timing strongly suggests advance knowledge of the publication of an upcoming piece of investigative journalism concerning senior Russian officials and businessmen. Such information is likely to have been sensitive, and would not have been widely known. This may suggest that the operators had access to other, ongoing surveillance operations. Once the tainted leak was released, Russian state-owned media and others reported that the document showed a CIA-backed conspiracy to start a “colour revolution” in Russia.1 The tainted leak was also reported as evidence that the reports on corruption within Putin’s inner circle represented part of a deliberate disinformation campaign on behalf of foreign interests. The timing and substance of the tainting coincides with reported fears among Putin and his close associates that revelations about their wealth and its sources could trigger protests and uprisings within Russia, like those lead by Navalny in recent months and years. Tainted leaks pose complex challenges to the victims of breaches, as well as representing a potent and troubling method of disinformation.  Part 1 describes the leak tainting in greater detail, and Part 4: Discussion provides an analysis of the risks posed by the tactic. Pandora’s Un-Shortening: High Value Targets Emerge While investigating the suspicious messages sent to Satter, we determined that Tiny.cc, the link-shortening service used by the operators to phish credentials, had predictable features that enabled us to discover some other links likely used by the same operators. We developed a technique to discover some of these links, and ultimately collected 223 malicious links representing 218 unique targets.2 We have been able to identify the real identity of approximately 85% of the targets. Of the set we identified, we found targets from at least 39 countries. One thread that links the targets is that their professional activities connect them to issues where the Russian government has a demonstrated interest. In some cases, the targets are Russians, ranging from an ex-Prime Minister, to journalists who investigate corruption, to political activists.  Many more targets are from, posted to, or involved in extractive industries in countries and areas where the Russian government has an economic and strategic interest, such as former Soviet states.  Still others are likely to be working on issues on the other side of the negotiating table from Russia, whether as part of United Nations operations, NATO, or civil service.  Perhaps unsurprisingly, one of the largest groups of targets are high-ranking military and government personnel and elected officials in Ukraine. Figure 1: Map showing countries that targets of the phishing campaign are linked to [click for hi-res] In other cases, for instance, the wife of a military attache, individuals appear to be targeted because of their proximity to high value targets. In others, we have identified a large number of individuals who appear to be targeted because they received support, in the form of a fellowship, from a particular US-based grantmaker. Some notable target categories include: Politicians, public servants and government officials from Afghanistan, Armenia, Austria, Cambodia, Egypt, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Peru, Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sudan, Thailand, Turkey, Ukraine, Uzbekistan and Vietnam Diplomatic personnel from numerous embassies, up to and including ambassador level, as well as their family members Civil society members including very high profile critics of the Russian president, as well as journalists and academics Senior members of the oil, gas, mining, and finance industries of the former Soviet states United Nations officials Military personnel from Albania, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Greece, Latvia, Montenegro, Mozambique, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Sweden, Turkey, Ukraine, and the United States, as well as NATO officials The discovery of so many other targets provides us with a window into the campaign’s structure, and objectives (Part 2 outlines how we discovered the targets). After government targets, the second largest set (21%) are members of civil society like academics, activists, journalists, and representatives of non-governmental organizations. Figure 2: Some high-value targets who received phishing emails The Importance of Civil Society Targets The data presented in Figure 3 underscore the extent to which civil society groups are being targeted in numbers equivalent to those seen with the more classic ‘cyber espionage’ sector-aligned targets such as military, government, and industry. Amongst the civil society targets, more than half were journalists, many of whom are prominent contributors to Russian language news outlets such as Vedomosti, Slon/Republic, Novaya Gazeta, and the BBC Russian Service. While providing a detailed analysis of the civil society targets or an outline of their areas of activity would undoubtedly jeopardize their privacy, we can safely reflect on two notable patterns that emerge from such an analysis. The first is that, like our first subject David Satter, several individuals from the target list were known for their public efforts towards shining a light on the Russian government and its activities. From publishing articles that outline fraud or corruption, to general activism in support of electoral reform, many of the civil society targets seem to have been singled out for the perception that their actions could pose a threat to the Putin regime. Figure 3: Breakdown of discovered targets into broad categories Another notable commonality found during analysis of the civil society targets of these campaigns is the near perfect alignment between their areas of activity and the geopolitical conflicts in which Russia is a known or suspected belligerent, or party to the conflict.  Specifically, the focus areas of the civil society targets span geographic boundaries, including conflict areas such as Syria, Afghanistan, Ukraine, and others. We also found that several dozen of the targeted individuals had as a thread in common that they had received a fellowship from a single funder focused on the region. Notification The large and diverse target group presented notification challenges. Our process for notifying potential victims involved the following considerations and steps: For targets affiliated with governments or government-affiliated organizations (such as NATO or the United Nations), or businesses in a particular country, we passed information on targets’ names and email addresses to the relevant Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT) If many targets shared an organizational affiliation, but not a single employer, we contacted that organization and worked with them to notify the individuals We also provided a full list of targets to the targets’ e-mail provider. Part 1: How Tainted Leaks Are Made We examine how stolen materials from Satter’s inbox were turned into tainted leaks and released by CyberBerkut, and then examine a similar operation against the Open Society Foundations. To make a clean comparison between real and fake, and illustrate exactly how tainting takes place, we obtained original, genuine documents and e-mails from David Satter, a victim of a breach, and compared them with the tainted versions. We then describe a prior case of tainted leaks: internal documents belonging to the Open Society Foundations were stolen, then later released with tainting similar to Satter’s, also by CyberBerkut.3 In both cases the breach victims were working with US-based organizations which had programs specializing in Russia. The tainting appeared to have two objectives: cause the programs to appear more subversive of Russia than they were, and discredit specific opposition individuals and groups critical of Russian President Putin and his confidants. The Case of David Satter On October 5, 2016, a phishing email was sent to the Gmail address of David Satter (See: Patient Zero: David Satter). This phishing email was crafted with a specific ruse designed to look like a security warning from Google, suggesting to the recipient that an unknown third-party has obtained their Gmail account password (see Figure 4). Figure 4: Phishing Email 1, mimicking a genuine message from Google The phishing email is designed to trick the recipient into clicking on the ‘Change Password’ button. Clicking on this link would direct the victim’s web browser to a link hosted on the URL shortening service Tiny.cc. The operator disguised the link by using an open redirect hosted by Google. This open redirect allowed the operators to create a URL that, superficially, appears to be hosted by Google: https://www.google.com/amp/tiny.cc/(redacted) Unfortunately, the ultimate destination of this shortened URL was changed to a benign webpage before we were able to examine this phishing email.  However, as we will outline in Part 2 of this report, there is sufficient evidence available to suggest the original destination. Analysis of the email headers revealed that the message was sent with the Russian email service Yandex, using email account g.mail2017[@]yandex.com. A Second Phishing Email Two days later, on October 7, 2016, Satter received a second email that used an identical deception to the first attempt detailed above. As with Email 1, the google.com/amp/ redirect pointed to a URL hosted by Tiny.cc. Once again, similar to Email 1, Citizen Lab found that the originally configured redirection target for this link had been removed. Analysis of the email headers in this second phishing attempt show that the message was sent with the web-based email service ‘mail.com’, using email account annaablony[@]mail.com. Figure 5: Phishing Email 2 Unauthorized Access On October 7 2016, shortly after receiving the email, Satter reports having clicked on the change password link in Email 2, and recalls being redirected to what he now realizes was in fact a credential phishing page which appeared to be a legitimate Google sign-in page.  Unfortunately, Satter had temporarily disabled 2-factor authentication on his account, making the compromise possible. Shortly after entering his credentials, Satter’s Gmail account activity page recorded an unauthorized login event.  The data logged by Google indicated that the login session originated from an IP address in Romania (Figure 6).  In Part 2 we will show that the server associated with this IP address was also hosting the fake Google login page where Satter submitted his account credentials.  Thus it is likely that this malicious server was configured to automatically download the email contents from any compromised accounts (see Figure 7). Figure 6: Screen grab from Google account activity page In Part 2 of this report we will outline how the phishing links sent to Satter led us to discover a much wider campaign that included 218 distinct targets from government, industry, military, and civil society.  In the following section, we provide context concerning the disinformation campaign that was conducted around material stolen from Satter’s email account and published on the blog of CyberBerkut, a pro-Russian hacktivist collective. Figure 7: How a phishing campaign against Satter became a tainted leaks operation Analyzing a Tainted Leak This section compares an original document obtained by Citizen Lab with a tainted document published online, and used as part of a disinformation campaign. We describe the tainting in detail, and analyse the likely objective. Several documents from Satter’s emails were posted by CyberBerkut at the same time without observable manipulation. However, one document showed extensive evidence of tainting. The tainted leak was a report authored by Satter describing Radio Liberty’s Russian Investigative Reporting Project. The document was modified to make Satter appear to be paying Russian journalists and anti-corruption activists to write stories critical of the Russian Government. Importantly, we do not know the process through which the stolen document made its way from Satter’s inbox to the CyberBerkut release. In the CyberBerkut version, the document is posted as screen-captures, and thus lacks metadata. Figure 8: CyberBerkut post dated October 22, 2016 showing the narrative accompanying the tainted leak document (highlighted with arrow). [Archived copy] The original document lists a series of articles from Radio Liberty exclusively that are part of the project.  The articles concern a range of topics: history, economics, and politics.  Radio Liberty is a U.S. government international broadcaster, founded in 1951 to broadcast news and information into the Soviet Union.  It merged with Radio Free Europe in 1976, who now together are incorporated as a 501(c)(3), funded and overseen by the United States’ Broadcasting Board of Governors.The tainted document modifies the text to appear to be a report on a much larger (nonexistant) project to pay for articles by a range of authors, which would subsequently be published by a range of media outlets. The deceptively inserted articles, almost all of which are genuine publications, focus on corruption within Putin’s friends and inner circle. The work of Alexei Navalny, a prominent Putin critic, is repeatedly emphasized.  The full tainted document is in Appendix A. Taint 1: Making reporting look like a secret influence operation The operators modified the document’s scope in an attempt to create the appearance of a widespread media campaign. They did this by removing or modifying mentions of Radio Liberty throughout the document. Figure 9: Text in red was removed, creating the impression of a wide media campaign, not the programming of a specific news source. Other content, such as discussions of specific translators working for Radio Liberty are similarly removed to preserve the fiction. Figure 10: The document was further tweaked to create the impression of a larger campaign. A note about a translator was also removed as it would contradict the impression We believe that by removing specific references to Radio Liberty, the perpetrators are aiming to give the impression of a broader subversive campaign not limited to a single news organization. Doing so allows the perpetrators to falsely associate non-US funded organizations, such as independent NGOs, to appear to be linked as part of this larger, fictitious program. Figure 11: Further tainting to remove mentions of Radio Liberty Finally, a clause is deleted at the end of the document concerning the risks of writing “without the protection of a full time job” (Figure 11).  This deletion may simply be the tainters removing an inconvenient sentence that refers to Radio Liberty, but it also may be an attempt to make the  activity look more “cloak and dagger.” Taint 2: Discrediting specific journalists and Kremlin critics The original document included a list of 14 articles published as part of the Russian Investigative Project at Radio Liberty. The tainted document includes 24. The operators not only added to the list, but also tweaked the Radio Liberty articles to further the impression of a larger campaign. Figure 12: Six of the ten added articles. All blue text was added to the original as part of the tainting.  The objective is to make these reports appear to have been supported by the project. Ten additional articles were added.  Although the original list of publications covered a variety of themes, the added set primarily focuses on issues of corruption, and the wealth of those in Putin’s circle.  The articles, written for a range of publications, all share a theme: corruption and personal enrichment by those close to Putin and the Russian Government (See Appendix A). Figure 13: People and Topics of articles added in the tainting.  Images: Wikipedia, Radio Free Europe, Reuters [click for hi-res] Of special interest are the insertions of Alexei Navalny, a prominent Russian anti-corruption activist and opposition figure whose work, and Anti-corruption Foundation, receives widespread domestic and international attention. By repeatedly adding his reporting to the document, the tainting creates the appearance of “foreign” funding for his work.  This theme also figured prominently in the disinformation campaign surrounding the original publication, on October 22, 2016, of the tainted document by CyberBerkut (See: Disinformation Campaign Surrounding the Tainted Document). Taint 3: Claimed foreknowledge An article by Russian journalist Elena Vinogradova describing issues involving “senior Russian officials and businessmen” was also added as part of the tainting, which goes on to state that it will be published by Russian-language news service Vedomosti on October 24-25.4 Figure 14: Tainting that suggests the operators had advanced knowledge of a news report This timing is significant as the original CyberBerkut publication of the tainted document occurred on October 22 2016, slightly before this date. The apparent foreknowledge suggests that the individuals responsible for the tainting had advance knowledge of the content and publication date of a piece of investigative journalism, which may mean the operators had access to intelligence or surveillance reports concerning the activities of the Elena Vinogradova. We identified at least one individual among the set of targets of the phishing campaign whose account might have provided this information, however we were not able to confirm a compromise. Importantly, we were not able to find concrete evidence of the publication of an article matching the description added in the tainting. It is possible that existence of the article was a fabrication, or the result of misplaced speculation by the individuals responsible for the tainting. Taint 4: Modifying the Time Frame and Supporting Details The timeframe and number of publications are increased, perhaps to give the impression of a longer and more intense campaign. Changes are also made to accommodate a wide range of articles not published by Radio Liberty but by other parties. Figure 15: Dates and numbers changed to accommodate ten more articles Text that mentions specific dates in the original document that would not accommodate the articles that have been falsely added is also changed to support the new fiction. Disinformation Campaign Surrounding the Tainted Document The tainted version of the stolen document was released online by CyberBerkut, which represents itself as a group of pro-Russian hacktivists. CyberBerkut provided the framing narrative for the tainted document in a post on October 22, 2016: they were releasing the document to provide evidence that the United States was attempting to support a “colour revolution” in Russia. In the CyberBerkut narrative, David Satter was an agent directing the publication of articles critical of the Russian government. Figure 16: RIA Novosti, Russia’s state operated news agency, reporting the Cyber Berkut’s release of the tainted leaks Russia’s state operated news agency RIA Novosti, as well as Sputnik Radio, picked up the narrative, and gave voice to a number of sources who claimed that the “leak” was evidence that the United States Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) was attempting to foment a “colour revolution.”  The document was cited in a RIA Novosti report as providing evidence of “over 20” reports intended to discredit the Russian president, and his entourage. The “colour revolution” narrative was echoed in this SM News report, and by Vesti.lv, among others. Meanwhile, other Russian-language sources claimed that the document discredited Navalny’s Anti-corruption Foundation by showing that its articles were actually ordered by David Satter. The Open Society Foundations Case In 2015, the Open Society Foundations (OSF) experienced a breach of confidential data.  Materials from this breach were released by CyberBerkut in November 2015 and, much later, on the “leak” branded site DC Leaks, alongside a wide range of materials stolen from other organizations. DC Leaks worked directly with some online outlets, and provided exclusive access to their materials to some, as well as achieving substantial media impact. The redundant releases enable a comparison of documents between the two leaks using public materials. The DC Leaks dump included the release of untainted stolen documents that had been previously released as part of a tainted leak by Cyber Berkut.  An article in Foreign Policy used this dump to identify several cases of leak tainting. We were able to verify each of their observations, as well as identifying additional elements of tainting. We then contacted OSF’s IT staff, who provided us with the original genuine documents which we were able to use as the basis for further comparisons, and to authenticate the documents posted on DC Leaks. Taken together, the tainting appears designed to create the impression that several groups and media outlets, including Alexei Navalny’s Foundation for Fighting Corruption, are supported by OSF. As with the Satter case, the tainting appears to have a primarily domestic focus, and to be aimed at de-legitimizing figures like Navalny by making it appear that they are the recipients of illicit, foreign funding.  This is a view that Navalny, one of the targets of the tainting, has also expressed to Foreign Policy. A Budget Document First, CyberBerkut released a tainted budget document to make it appear as if OSF was funding Alexei Navalny’s Foundation for Fighting Corruption. Figure 17: Tainted Budget Document: the second row was added to make it appear as if OSF was funding Navalny’s Foundation for Fighting Corruption The tainters may have been working quickly, resulting in a small error, in which a dollar amount was substituted for “Approved Date.” Proposed Strategy Document Second, a proposed funding strategy document was similarly modified to include the Foundation for Fighting Corruption in a list of groups to receive OSF support. Figure 18: Proposed Strategy Document showing the location where the tainted document is modified to include mention of the Foundation for Fighting Corruption The tainting resumed later in the document, when several media outlets (Echo Moscow, RosBusinessConsulting, and Vedomosti)  were also added to the document, apparently to create the perception that they had received the support of OSF. Figure 19: A second section in the same document showing once more how several media outlets, including Echo Moscow, RosBusinessConsulting, and Vedomosti have been added. The second instance of tainting in the strategy document also introduced a slight grammatical error when the tainters neglected to remove “an” before changing “news site” to the plural “news sites.” Document Addressing the NGO Law Finally, in a document addressing grantees and Russia’s NGO law, tainting was again performed to add Navalny’s Foundation for Fighting Corruption. The tainting also purported to show the foundation receiving money via Yandex, a widely-used Russian platform offering an online payment service. Figure 20: Tainted document, once more showing the addition of Navalny’s Foundation for Fighting Corruption Taken together, both the tainted document stolen from David Satter, and the tainted OSF documents paint a picture of a competent adversary working to achieve several objectives, including discrediting domestic critics of Russia’s government and president, while simultaneously attempting to embarrass foreign funders with activities in Russia. In Part 4 we discuss the significance of tainted leaks as a disinformation technique. Part 2: A Tiny Discovery Beginning with the shortened link sent to David Satter, we identified a predictable feature in how the link shortener (Tiny.cc) generated its shortened URLs. This enabled us to identify over 200 additional targets of the same operation described in Part 1. This section describes the process used to enumerate these targets, and further describes the links between this operation and other publicly-reported Russian-linked phishing campaigns. In September 2016, ThreatConnect published a blog post documenting phishing attempts against contributors to the citizen journalism website Bellingcat and its founder Eliot Higgins. The targeted contributors were actively engaged in reporting on the Russian involvement in the July 17, 2014 downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. ThreatConnect attributed these intrusion attempts to Fancy Bear (aka APT28), a threat actor widely believed to be directly linked to the Russian government.  In an October update to this post, ThreatConnect documented an additional spear phishing attempt against a Bellingcat contributor. This latest credential phishing attempt was largely similar to the first email sent to David Satter (see Part 1, The Case of David Satter). Both emails were sent at 10:59am EST using the same sending address: g.mail2017[@]yandex.com. In addition, both shared a fake Gmail footer that was distinctively modified from Gmail’s original footer. Figure 21: Footer from the phishing emails sent to Bellingcat and David Satter showing a distinctive misspelling (possibly to avoid spam filtering) In both cases the malicious links embedded in these phishing emails were configured to redirect the targets to addresses hosted on the URL shortening service Tiny.cc. As ThreatConnect showed, the Tiny.cc link used against the Bellingcat contributor actually redirected the victim to another shortened URL, this one hosted by a different shortening service: TinyURL.com.  Ultimately, this series of link redirections led to a malicious credential phishing page hosted at the following URL: hxxp://myaccount.google.com-changepassword-securitypagesettingmyaccountgooglepagelogin.id833[.]ga Table 1: Domain hosting the credential phishing page Using PassiveTotal, we examined the historic DNS resolution data for this domain name.  The results revealed that at the time of these phishing attempts, the domain id833[.]ga resolved to IP address 89.40.181[.]119 – the same Romanian IP address used to access David Satter’s email account on October 7 (see Part 1, The Case of David Satter). This evidence suggests that the Bellingcat contributor and David Satter were both targeted by the same spear phishing campaign; this linkage will be explored further in the next section. Continued at: https://citizenlab.org/2017/05/tainted-leaks-disinformation-phish/ Advertisements Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... Related Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... #RussiaFail #RussiaLies information operations information warfare Post navigation Previous Post Philippines Asks Russia For Weapons Next Post Editor-in-chief of Krasnoyarsk local anti-corruption newspaper shot dead Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Blogroll Big-Eye News Compilation What do you do? Commercial IOTA Propaganda and Counter-Terrorism RSS Feeds  RSS - Posts  RSS - Comments Search for: My Tweets Error: Twitter did not respond. Please wait a few minutes and refresh this page. Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this: %d bloggers like this:
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:07 GMT, May 26, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeViral Facebook & Google lobbyists fight latest user privacy bill Published time: 25 May, 2017 14:55 Edited time: 25 May, 2017 16:56 Get short URL Web giants are fighting back against proposed user privacy rules © Joe Raedle / Getty Images / AFP Google and Facebook lobbyists are fighting tooth and nail against the latest proposed law to strengthen privacy online. The BROWSER (Balancing the Rights of Web Surfers Equally and Responsibly) Act bill proposed last week would require broadband providers and websites to get users’ consent before sharing their sensitive information, including browsing history and location. Tech giants aren’t happy and are fighting back.  The Internet Association – an organization made up of founding members Google and Facebook, along with Amazon, eBay, Microsoft, Netflix, PayPal, Reddit, Twitter and others – issued a statement saying the bill could “upend the consumer experience online and stifle innovation.” Internet privacy rules removed by Congress https://t.co/AzDrJ5CUSLpic.twitter.com/OHdbaFkg87— RT America (@RT_America) March 29, 2017  The group said it would continue to track the proposed bill. “Policymakers must recognize that websites and apps continue to be under strict FTC privacy enforcement and are not in an enforcement gap, unlike other stakeholders in the ecosystem,” it said. The BROWSER Act is similar to the ISP (Internet Service Providers) privacy rules introduced under Barack Obama and then voted down by Congress in April. The Senate voted to roll back the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)’s internet privacy rules, allowing ISPs to share users’ browsing data with third parties.   At the moment, the online advertising industry self-regulates by allowing website visitors to opt out of personalized advertising. The Federal Trade Commission can step in to punish those found to be breaking these rules. Trump’s FCC poised to reverse Obama’s net neutrality rules https://t.co/UDuxv2blwi— RT (@RT_com) April 26, 2017 Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.) introduced the new bill, but also introduced the House version to overturn the FCC’s privacy rules. She explained the reason for the apparent contradiction as wanting both internet providers and web services to have the same rules. The FCC rule applied only to ISPs, whereas the BROWSER Act would also apply to web companies. The proposed rules would be enforced by the FCC. "What we know is that when people talk about, 'I don't like pop ups that I get, and I don't like this and I don't like that,' that's activity that comes from the edge providers, not the ISPs," she said.  Blackburn, the chair of the House Communications and Technology Subcommittee, received, as of March 2017, close to $564,000 in campaign donations from telecommunications, watchdog Open Secrets reports.   Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
  Facebook Twitter RSS Subscribe Forecasts Events Advertise Skip to Navigation Skip to Content WardsAuto Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Search: INDUSTRY ENGINES INTERIORS TECHNOLOGY TEST DRIVES IdeaXchange DEALERS DATA & INSIGHTS Advertisement Home > Dealer > Ebbing Auto Sales Be Darned, Innovative Dealer Has Big Plans Ebbing Auto Sales Be Darned, Innovative Dealer Has Big Plans May 25, 2017 Steve Finlay | WardsAuto EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 In a WardsAuto Q&A, Brian Benstock tells how he plans to use an Amazon-like approach to double his business. “We had a darn good year last year, but there’s so much more out there,” Benstock says.     Related Media Customer Experience Summit ‘Makes Sense’ If It Is Broken, Fix It, Dealer Says Dealer Brian Benstock isn’t waiting for Silicon Valley to invent a new way of selling cars. The general manager and vice president of Paragon Honda and Acura in the Queens borough of New York City is spearheading an innovative system inspired by digital retail giant Amazon.     Considered an auto-retailing industry thought leader, Benstock delivers a keynote address at the 2017 Automotive CX Summit slated for June 20-21 in Marina del Rey, CA. He will discuss his plans to double his business in two years, despite a predicted ebbing of auto industry sales. Paragon Honda and Acura have set sales records and earned various honors, including the American Honda Presidents Award Elite, Certified Dealer of the Year and Honda Masters Circle Award Benstock began selling Hondas in 1982 under the direction of his mentor, Paul Singer. He now is a partner in the Singer family dealership operation. In a WardsAuto Q&A, Benstock talks about his big plans, management style and concern that Internet giants could put the squeeze on dealers. WardsAuto: You say you plan to double sales in 24 months. How?  Benstock: I set the goal because we saw everyone predicting (a decline in vehicle sales). I wanted to have some counter noise internally. People are talking about a million fewer sales. People want to know how that impacts them. I wanted my people to know the (lower) SAAR won’t impact them at all. There are going to be winners and losers. That’s not going to be determined by the SAAR, but by what we do in the store. The goal to double business exists if we get away from the current business model and to one with less friction.   WardsAuto: What are the highlights of that model? Benstock: Think Amazon Alexa, a bot. I can order coffee on Alexa, and know those boxes of Starbucks K-Cups will be in my office at 10:30 a.m. tomorrow. They come from six or seven different sources. Amazon doesn’t care what it takes to get that order to the customer. They get it here. That’s a perfect transaction. The marketer in me wonders, “If we duplicate that, how many more transactions can we do?” People think Google is the No.1 search engine. But for retailing, it’s Amazon. They are killing Google there. Why? Because Google brings the customer to the product, Amazon brings the product to the customer.    WardsAuto: That’s an interesting way of putting it. Benstock: If we can make that paradigm shift in our business, those of us who embrace it will get more than our fair share. We had a darn good year last year, but there’s so much more out there.    What’s the typical instruction to the (business development center staff)? “Get ’em in, get ’em in.” What if we change that to, “Send it out, send it out”? Customers don’t contact a BDC because they want to make an appointment or submit a lead. They want to buy a car. We need to have the mentality of saying to our customers, “Sure, I’ll get it to you right away.” WardsAuto: How do you do that with vehicles being these multi-ton products? Benstock: It’s easy! Our product has wheels! If we can’t bring something on wheels to someone, how dumb are we? WardsAuto: So you are talking about taking the car to someone’s home? Benstock: For a test drive or purchase, of course. The customer should never need to go your store for anything, whether it’s a new vehicle or car parts. WardsAuto: How do you accomplish that logistically?  Benstock: I’ve got a team of 60 drivers. They are connected to an app product that’s very much like Uber. So if I am on my way to you, you know it. You can follow my trip so no one is wasting anyone’s time. We guarantee we’ll be there within 10 minutes of the time we state. As we started considering this, I thought, “Well, we’ll charge a small delivery charge or an annual subscription fee.” But then I thought, “Let’s take a page out of Apple’s book.” Apple incorporates iTunes, a camera, a video camera, all sorts of things into the iPhone. They don’t charge extra for it. It makes the value proposition unmistakably great. WardsAuto: How long have you been doing this vehicle delivery? Benstock: We’re beta testing it now. We’re in month No.2. The feedback has been really great. WardsAuto: Would you call this revolutionary? Benstock: If we don’t do it, Silicon Valley will. There’s also no desking of a deal or haggling on price. I don’t know if I have the best price, but I have the best value. Look at the 2015 Autotrader consumer survey. They interviewed 4,000 (car buyers). Of that, 17 said they were (completely) satisfied with the current buying process. Not 17%, 17 people. That tells us our business model is doomed. The second they can replace us, they will. WardsAuto: Who is “they”? Benstock: They can be the Teslas or the gang of four. WardsAuto: Who’s the gang of four? Benstock: Apple, Google, Facebook and Amazon. They have $1 trillion market cap, or thereabouts. To sustain growth, they need to take over industries. And our industry is prime fuel for them. WardsAuto: A skeptic might say the Amazon approach isn’t applicable to selling cars. Benstock: How naïve would that person be? The Amazon approach is going to take over education and medicine. In order to keep growing, they are going to take on dormant industries. Automobiles are just next in line. How they do it is unclear, but make no mistake, they are coming. So is Google. WardsAuto: They seemingly would have a tough competitor in you, someone who understands the game. Benstock: I’d like to think I could throw a rock and have an impact on those guys, but it wouldn’t leave much of a hole. WardsAuto: How would you describe yourself as a manager? Benstock: I’m not easy to work for. I have unrealistic expectations and deadlines. WardsAuto: Are they met typically? Benstock: The staff is doing a great job. Last year, we won all sorts of awards from the manufacturer. We sold 10,272 new and used Hondas last year. We’re the No.1 certified Honda dealer in the world. It’s the same picture is with Acura.  WardsAuto: Usually, when a manager has unrealistic expectations, the staff gets frustrated. But it sounds like you are tempering that somewhat so people know you are trying to get the best out of them, not asking them to do the impossible. Benstock: They get it. They get it. More importantly, they understand the need to transition into this new digital age. It’s not going to be easy. Not everyone is going to make it. WardsAuto: How would you rate it on a 1 to 10 scale of difficulty? Benstock: Pretty close to a 10. The big challenge will be to keep the existing model going as we transition to the future. WardsAuto: How long will that transition take? Benstock: About 18 months. By the way, you don’t tell the customers what they want, they tell you. So the transition will be at the speed the customer sets. That’s true of the transaction, too. Some people don’t want to be rushed, some don’t want to spend seven hours buying a car. You’ve got to have a flexible process.   WardsAuto: You seem to enjoy living in the dealership world. Do you think you would gain as much satisfaction if you were selling a product other than cars? Benstock: I love automobiles. My wife cringes when we go to a party, people ask me what I do and I tell them I sell cars. My wife jumps in and says, “No, no, he’s a top Honda dealer.” I say, “Hey, I sell Hondas.  WardsAuto: That’s something to be proud of, especially if you sell 10,000 a year. Benstock: I’m proud of it, and of Honda. It’s a great company with great products. sfinlay@wardsauto.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Chrysler Works to Get Darned Inventory Monkey Off Its Back Volkswagen Has Big Plans for U.S. Canada Big-Truck Sales See Double-Digit Gain in 2011 April Malaysian Sales Post Double-Digit Decline Small-Town Dealer Big in Used-Car Sales Related Resources May 11, 2017 Industry Voices Instant Income Verification Could Improve Sales Process for Consumers 1 Manually verifying employment and income may slow down or even derail the car-buying process....More Advertisement Advertisement May 3, 2017 Article WardsAuto WardsAuto e-Dealer 100 Includes New and Old Faces “The challenge for retailers is to continue to make the transaction as easy as possible for the consumer,” says digital marketer Jim Flint....More Jun 20, 2016 Article WardsAuto Dealer Knows When to Hold, Fold The Wilde Automotive Family car dealership group increased sales after decreasing its store count....More May 27, 2016 Article WardsAuto Dealer Turns Church Into Medical Center “There must be 100,000 ways to say ‘I can’t,’ but none of them are acceptable to him,” Michael Cimino says of his father....More Insights May 25, 2017 Article WardsAuto U.S. Forecast: Downward Trend Continues in May   Each of the top seven auto groups are forecast to come in below year ago....More Enewsletters Advertisement Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Press Room Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Advertising Contact Subscriptions Privacy Policy Terms of Service WardsAuto InfoBank WardsAuto magazine WardsAuto Dealer mag Penton Media Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 245% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/25/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 245% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/25/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: How to Buy Google Stock, and Why You Should Though the search giant has grown into one of the world’s most formidable companies, Google’s long-term growth opportunity should help its shares continue to rise. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) May 25, 2017 at 10:54AM Search powerhouse Google, now under the holding company named Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), is arguably the most powerful company in all of technology. A few others are in the running, but having popularized the search engine and scaled it into one of the most effective mediums in online marketing, Google has trounced the benchmark Nasdaq Composite in its time as a public company. GOOGL data by YCharts So what does this mean for Google and Alphabet today? With a market capitalization of over $650 billion, Google has grown to become one of the largest publicly traded companies in the world. More interesting still, the company remains valued like a growth stock, sporting a 31.6 P/E ration as of writing.  So let's assume you want to buy shares of Google. How do you do it? First, make sure you understand the investing basics laid out in the Fool's guides covering how to sign up for an online brokerage account and buy your first stocks. Once you have the basics down, your priority shifts to researching Google and understanding why it remains a great stock to own for the long term. Inside Google's business empire Google is the dominant search engine pretty much everywhere but China, where it's been blocked since 2010, much to homegrown alternative Baidu's benefit. Yet it's difficult to pin down a number for Google's share of the global search market. The tech giant is typically estimated to control a two-thirds or greater share of the U.S. search market, and that figure is expected to rise in the years to come. So rather than quibble about precise figures, it's fine just to understand that Google enjoys an iron grip on global search, which serves as the mainstay for its enviable financial empire. And given the trajectory of its sales and profits over the years, it's no wonder Alphabet shares have trounced the broader market's returns. GOOGL Revenue (Annual) data by YCharts. Alphabet's sales and net income have risen from $968.1 million and $105.6 million, respectively, in 2003 -- the year before of its IPO -- to over $90.2 billion and $19.4 billion last year. That translates into 38% and 45% average annual growth rates range per annum for sales and profits respectively. And while some of these numbers are already large, Google still enjoys significant future growth opportunities in its core businesses and its many diverse areas of interest. Image source: Alphabet's Waymo  Why Alphabet stock remains a buy It's important to remember that Google remains largely an advertising business, even as it has grown in size and complexity in recent years. The company generates the overwhelming amount of its sales from inserting advertisements into its many widely used products. As for its core digital marketing business, the secular tailwind propelling this market seems almost assured to benefit Google and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) disproportionately. As just one example, data from research firm eMarketer estimates that global digital ad-spend will increase from $550 billion in 2016 to $724 billion by 2020. Beyond this core organic market growth, Facebook and Alphabet are both working to develop innovative solutions to expand internet coverage to the 60% of the world lacking access today. Alphabet and Facebook both steep their efforts in social and moral terms, and while their arguments hold merit, the fact is that, as the world's two most dominant Internet companies, both stand to gain immensely by bringing more people online. These often-overlooked efforts are arguably the largest growth catalyst for both Facebook and Google. In addition, Google's founders have decided to aggressively invest in many next-generation technologies in hopes of gaining footholds in industries where technology seems likely to transform in the years to come. Its "other bets" segment includes nascent businesses in broadband cable, life sciences, smart-home appliances, driverless cars, efforts to slow human aging, and much more. It isn't clear which of these projects, if any, will materialize into meaningful financial contributors. But successfully investing in Google doesn't require that any of these other bets turn into smash successes. With so much opportunity in its core business and a visionary leadership team with a bold eye toward the future, there can be little doubt that Google remains one of the best stocks to own in the large-cap tech space. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Andrew Tonner owns shares of Baidu. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Baidu, and Facebook. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info May 25, 2017 at 10:54AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $991.86 up $14.25 (1.46%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $151.96 up $1.92 (1.28%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $969.54 up $14.58 (1.53%) Read More Here's What's Really Holding Virtual Reality Back 3 Stocks We're Never Selling NXP Semiconductors NV Pledges Full Support For Google's "Android Things" Platform Will Virtual Assistants Revolutionize Home Automation? Alphabet Rides Advertising Strength to New Highs Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current How to Buy Google Stock, and Why You Should @themotleyfool #stocks $GOOGL, $FB, $GOOG
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Big Step Snapchat rolls out self-serve platform for its vertical video ads Fool Us Thrice Everything Facebook has admitted about its measurement errors Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home SEM Get the most important digital marketing news each day. Conversion rate optimization tools coming to AdWords with new integrations Advertisers will be able to run landing page test with Google Optimize and get feedback from retargeting audiences with Google Surveys 360. Ginny Marvin on May 25, 2017 at 9:54 am More New Google Surveys 360 and Google Optimize integrations in AdWords were among the news announced at Google Marketing Next on Tuesday. Optimize With the Optimize integration, advertisers will be able to create and test landing pages tailored for specific campaigns, ad groups or keywords. For example, a travel site could customize a landing page for the query “family friendly hotels” with a family-centric image of kids playing in a pool and test it against an image of the hotel’s exterior. Tailor/test landing pages targered at keyword level via Optimize in AdWords. Coming in months. #GoogleMarketingNext pic.twitter.com/er5S20Suem — Ginny Marvin (@GinnyMarvin) May 23, 2017 Optimize came out of beta at the end of March. The testing and personalization solution ties in with Google Analytics. Users can drag and drop page elements in a visual editor without having to use developer resources or edit raw HTML. Also on the landing page front, a new landing page report section will be added to the new AdWords interface (which, by the way, is rolling out to many more advertisers now and will be available to everyone by year end) where advertisers can get data on bounce rates, conversion rates and mobile friendliness. New landing page area coming to AdWords UI + Optimize integration for landing page testing via AdWords pic.twitter.com/W7C03fxiYQ — Ginny Marvin (@GinnyMarvin) May 23, 2017 Google Surveys 360 Google Surveys 360 is a paid enterprise-level solution that’s part of the Analytics 360 product suite. Google has a panel of more than 10 million online respondents and fields a million surveys weekly through the Surveys program. With the Surveys 360 and AdWords integration, marketers can target surveys to their remarketing lists to learn more about why those consumers reacted to their marketing efforts, including ads and landing pages. Google does have a free version, Google Surveys, but at this point the integration is for the paid version only. This article originally appeared on Search Engine Land. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Popular Stories Google launches free Google Attribution, hopes to kick last-click attribution to the curb Conversion rate optimization tools coming to AdWords with new integrations Facebook rolls out software tool to make AMP, Apple News pages more like Instant Articles Related Topics AnalyticsChannel: SEMConversion Rate OptimizationGoogleGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: AnalyticsGoogle: Consumer SurveysMarketing ToolsMarketing Tools: Analytics Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Big Step Snapchat rolls out self-serve platform for its vertical video ads Fool Us Thrice Everything Facebook has admitted about its measurement errors Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home SEM Get the most important digital marketing news each day. AMP ads: Google will convert display ads to AMP, test AMP landing pages for Search ads Google says AMP ads can load up to 5 seconds faster than standard display ads. Ginny Marvin on May 25, 2017 at 10:19 am More At Tuesday’s Google Marketing Next event, Google announced more integrations for AMP for Display and Search advertisers. For search advertisers, Google is launching a beta to serve AMP-enabled landing pages on mobile from Search ads. Advertisers that have created landing pages in AMP HTML will be able to designate them as their mobile landing pages at the ad level in AdWords. After users click a search ad from mobile, the ad will direct to the AMP landing page, which should serve up much faster than standard landing pages. Google says early testing has shown improved user behavior and conversion outcomes. AMP pages from Search ads beta announced https://t.co/9SYFZzXLJH #GoogleMarketingNext pic.twitter.com/6gs3zWQbEC — Danny Sullivan (@dannysullivan) May 23, 2017 On the Google Display Network, Google will automatically convert display ads to AMP. Google has found AMP ads can load up to five seconds faster than standard display ad builds. AMP ads on GDN can load up to 5x faster. pic.twitter.com/6E9qOaBif3 — Ginny Marvin (@GinnyMarvin) May 23, 2017 Google is currently working on unifying unique users who visit both AMP and non-AMP pages in Analytics. At I/O last week, Google also made several announcements about its push to make AMP the standard for the mobile web. This article originally appeared on Search Engine Land. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Popular Stories Google launches free Google Attribution, hopes to kick last-click attribution to the curb Conversion rate optimization tools coming to AdWords with new integrations Facebook rolls out software tool to make AMP, Apple News pages more like Instant Articles Related Topics AMP: Accelerated Mobile PagesChannel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: MobileMobile Marketing Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Google's DeepMind AlphaGo defeats Go champion Listen | Print By Tim Sandle     16 hours ago in Technology The ultimate contest? Human versus machine. Google's DeepMind AlphaGo artificial intelligence platform has twice defeated the world's number one Go player Ke Jie. The idea of testing out part of Google's developing artificial intelligence machinery came from Demis Hassabis, the Google DeepMind founder. Hassabis is a British artificial intelligence researcher, neuroscientist, computer game designer, entrepreneur, and world-class games player. DeepMind Technologies Limited is a British artificial intelligence company, purchased by Google's parent company Alphabet in 2014. One of the test products is AlphaGo, which is 'a narrow artificial intelligence' computer program. The object of the platform is to play the board game Go. One of the aims is to test whether AlphaGo can 'learn' how to beat the best Go human players in competition. For this AlphaGo has a special algorithm based on Monte Carlo tree search. This allows the platform to assess moves based on knowledge previously "learned" by machine learning. The learning is based on its artificial neural network (described as a deep learning method), where learning comes about through extensive training garnered from both human and computer Go competitions. Go - the board game Go is a 2,500 year old abstract strategy board game for two players, in which the aim is to surround more territory than the opponent (as players take turns placing stones on a 19-by-19 grid). Go is arguably more complex than chess. The game is said to possess more possibilities than the total number of atoms in the visible universe. Go (igo) board with stones Dilaudid To see how far the artificial intelligence had progressed, a contest was set up with Ke Jie. Jie is a Chinese professional Go player, ranked number one in the world. However, with the contest, AlphaGo secured the victory after winning the second game in a three-part match. The first match is shown in the following video: The match was played at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen on May, 23 2017. Speaking with the BBC after the match, Ke Jie stated: "I'm a little bit sad, it's a bit of a regret because I think I played pretty well." The aim of testing the artificial intelligence platform out has a serious and longer-term objective, which is to one day deploy such artificial intelligence into areas of medicine and science. More about Go champion, Google AI, Ke Jie, Google, Artificial intelligence More news from Go champion Google AI Ke Jie Google Artificial intellige... Latest News Top News Brian Falduto talks 'Love One Another' EP release party Special Suspected Manchester bomber had 'desire for revenge' Macron unshaken by Trump power grip US drops 460 bombs or missiles in Afghanistan during April Trump says 'Germans are very bad': Spiegel Silicon Valley's war with Trump uses tech as a political weapon The secret lives of Cannes' Instagram queens Germany votes to end cruel fur farming Father of Manchester bomb suspect 'was in militant group' Alter Bridge's Myles Kennedy talks European tour, Chris Cornell Special Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Google's AI just beat the world's best Go player - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Google's AI just beat the world's best Go player Posted: Thursday, May 25, 2017 9:38 AM EDT Updated: Thursday, May 25, 2017 12:09 PM EDT A computer system that Google engineers trained to play the game Go beat the world's best human player Thursday, May 25, 2017 in China. The victory was AlphaGo's second this week over Chinese professional Ke Jie, clinching the best-of-three series at... By Matt McFarland WASHINGTON (CNNMoney) -- A near perfect opening wasn't enough for man to beat machine. A computer system that Google engineers trained to play the game Go beat the world's best human player Thursday in China. The victory was AlphaGo's second this week over Chinese professional Ke Jie, clinching the best-of-three series at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen. Afterward, Google engineers said AlphaGo estimated that Ke's first 50 moves were virtually perfect. And the first 100 moves were the best anyone had ever played against AlphaGo's master version. "What an amazing and complex game! Ke Jie pushed AlphaGo right to the limit," said DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis on Twitter. DeepMind is a British artificial intelligence company that developed AlphaGo and was purchased by Google in 2014. DeepMind made a stir in January 2016 when it first announced it had used artificial intelligence to master Go, a 2,500-year-old game. Computer scientists had struggled for years to get computers to excel at the game. In Go, two players alternate placing white and black stones on a grid. The goal is to claim the most territory. To do so, you surround your opponent's pieces so that they're removed from the board. The board's 19-by-19 grid is so vast that it allows a near infinite combination of moves, making it tough for machines to comprehend. Games such as chess have come quicker to machines. The Google engineers at DeepMind rely on deep learning, a trendy form of artificial intelligence that's driving remarkable gains in what computers are capable of. World-changing technologies that loom on the horizon, such as autonomous vehicles, rely on deep learning to effectively see and drive on roads. AlphaGo's achievement is also a reminder of the steady improvement of machines' ability to complete tasks once reserved for humans. As machines get smarter, there are concerns about how society will be disrupted, and if all humans will be able to find work. Historically, mankind's development of tools has always created new jobs that never existed before. But the gains in artificial intelligence are coming at a breakneck pace, which will likely accentuate upheaval in the short term. The 19-year-old Ke and AlphaGo will play a third match Saturday morning. The summit will also feature a match Friday in which five human players will team up against AlphaGo. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed Google debuts a new way to follow your footsteps around the web 25 May 2017 0 Google, Privacy Post navigation Previous: YouTube, Twitter and Facebook face curbs on hate speech videos Next: Put down the popcorn and patch your media player by Lisa Vaas 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Sure, Google etc know how to target-market you. Looking at women’s clogs on Zappos, are we? Presto! Slashdot is now serving up ads for Dansko nurses’ footwear! But how can Google convince its marketing clients that their investments are turning into sweet payola? It’s not like the search behemoth is following us around, jotting down what we buy with our credit cards, right? It’s not as if it first serves us ads, then notes what we buy, right? Well, maybe it hasn’t so far, but get ready for that to change. On Tuesday in San Francisco, at Google’s annual Marketing Next conference, where it unleashes its latest tools for ads, analytics and DoubleClick, the company announced that it’s ready to answer the question that’s been bugging marketers for ages: “Is my marketing working?” To deliver the answer, it will be training a machine learning tool called Google Attribution on our buying activity. It’s now in beta and will roll out to more advertisers over the coming months. As Google’s schematic shows, the artificial intelligence (AI) marketing analytics tool will be following us across devices and channels – mobile, desktop, and probably while we’re scuba diving or trying to shop while we’re hiding in a cave, once Google figures those ones out – to see what we’re buying and match it up with what ads we’ve seen. It will then automatically tell marketers what we’re up to. The AI piece of the puzzle will be “data-driven attribution” – ie the determination of how much credit to assign to “each step in the consumer journey”. When did you first “engage” with those Dansko clogs or whatever other fill-in-the-blank brand you’ve been looking at? What else did you do after that ad, leading up to that final click to purchase? Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More Then, the tool mulls over your online meanderings in the time between when you looked at the brand and when you bought something – or, yikes! didn’t. If you decided that clogs are actually pretty ugly, how does your meandering compare with that of somebody who did in fact buy them? In marketing speak, that’s analyzing an account’s conversion patterns. Google Attribution integrates with ads tools like AdWords and DoubleClick Search. If you don’t like the idea of Google knowing what you buy, you might be consoled by Google’s reassurance that, according to Consumerist, the company’s planning to anonymize the data and then hash it over. From Consumerist: The data won’t have your name attached, Google makes sure to point out. It’s anonymized and then hashed over, so what advertisers see is that user 08a862b091c379fe9767615d10873 saw these 10 \ads in the morning, and spent $27.73 at a certain grocery store that afternoon. Sure, “anonymizing” our data might console some of us. It shouldn’t, though. Just because data is anonymized doesn’t mean it can’t be used to track us. As both AOL and researchers have shown, making data truly anonymous is hard. If you want to check out what Google already knows about you, it introduced a tool called My Activity last July to let you see. Depending on which of its tools we use, Google knows what we think, what we need, what we desire, our political and spiritual beliefs, our age, our gender, what music we listen to, what we watch, what we read, where we’ve been, where we plan to go, where we work, where we hang out, where we live, who we meet, where we shop, when we shop, what we buy, how much money we’re worth, how much we spend, and how much energy we consume. How does it amass all that data? Through Google search, the Chrome browser, Gmail, Google News, Google+, Book Search, YouTube, Picasa, Translation, Maps, Street Views, Waze, Nest, and… well, the list keeps going, and growing, as Google acquires more companies and more data-crunching ability. As Consumerist notes, studies have shown that it only takes three pieces of data to identify you by credit card spending alone, or two to identify you from a social media app. Google says it now has access to 70% of all credit/debit card transactions in the US. Of course, you can always opt out of Google logging some of your activity, and you can tell it to stop showing you some ads. But all that information is still out there, Consumerist notes, tied to your credit card spending. Good luck trying to rub out that trail! Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @LisaVaas AdWords AI DoubleClick Google Google Attribution Marketing targeted advertising targeted marketing Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: YouTube, Twitter and Facebook face curbs on hate speech videos Next: Put down the popcorn and patch your media player About the author Lisa Vaas I've been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. I rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash, joined the freelancer economy, and am still writing for my beloved peeps at places like Sophos's Naked Security, CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output. I respond to cash and spicy sites, so don't be shy. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Jul01 by Lisa Vaas 9 My Activity: a tool to see what Google knows about you Sep30 by Lisa Vaas 11 Google to give marketers the ability to target us via email address Jul09 by Lisa Vaas 2 Google ad profiling: what’s causing the gender discrimination? Jun02 by Lisa Vaas 1 Google’s new ‘My Account’ lets you tweak privacy and security settings May26 by Lisa Vaas 12 Google’s vision: ads on cars, refrigerators, watches, thermostats, and yes, glasses Nov07 by Lisa Vaas 7 Research finds that privacy tools don’t work SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2017 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments500+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Politics ‘Anyone . . . with a pulse’: How a Russia-friendly adviser found his way into the Trump campaign The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post) By Tom Hamburger and Rosalind S. Helderman By Tom Hamburger and Rosalind S. Helderman May 25 at 7:51 PM Follow @thamburger Follow @PostRoz As Donald Trump surged in the Republican primary polls in the early months of 2016, his outsider campaign faced growing pressure to show that the former reality-TV star and noted provocateur was forming a coherent and credible world view. So when Carter Page, an international businessman with an office near Trump Tower, volunteered his services, former officials recall, Trump aides were quick to make him feel welcome. He had come with a referral from the son-in-law of Richard Nixon, New York state Republican Party Chairman Ed Cox, who had conveyed Page’s interest to the campaign, Cox said. A top Trump adviser, Sam Clovis, then employed what campaign aides now acknowledge was their go-to vetting process — a quick Google search — to check out the newcomer. He seemed to have the right qualifications, according to former campaign officials — head of an energy investment firm, business degree from New York University, doctorate from the University of London. Page was in. He joined a new Trump campaign national security advisory group, and in late March 2016, the candidate pointed to Page, among others, as evidence of a foreign policy team with gravitas. But what the Google search had not shown was that Page had been on the FBI’s radar since at least 2013, when Russian officials allegedly tried to use him to get information about the energy business. By the summer of 2016, Page, who had been recently named as a Trump adviser, was under surveillance by FBI agents who suspected that he may have been acting as an agent of the Kremlin. As part of its broader investigation into potential collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government, the FBI continues to examine how Page joined the campaign and what conversations he may have had with Russian officials about the effort to interfere with the election — with or without the knowledge of Trump and his team — according to people familiar with the matter. The Senate Intelligence Committee has also zeroed in on Page, asking him for records of all his contacts with Russians during the campaign, all financial interactions he had with Russia and all communications he had with Trump campaign staff. The circumstances that led to Page’s easy access to the Trump campaign represent one of the main questions facing investigators: Were Trump’s connections to multiple Russia-friendly advisers mere coincidence, or evidence of a coordinated attempt to collude with a foreign government? Or were they the result of incompetent vetting that left a neophyte candidate vulnerable to influence from people with nefarious agendas? Regardless of the answer, the campaign’s previously unreported procedures for vetting Page and other advisers are greatly complicating matters for Trump’s presidency. Along with Page, a number of other Trump associates are under growing scrutiny by congressional investigators and the FBI as they examine potential ties between the campaign and Moscow, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn, onetime campaign chairman Paul Manafort and informal Trump adviser Roger Stone. This week, former CIA director John Brennan told the House Intelligence Committee that in 2016 he had seen intelligence revealing “contacts and interactions between Russian officials and U.S. persons involved in the Trump campaign that I was concerned about because of known Russian efforts to suborn such individuals.” He did not name the individuals but said that when he stepped down as CIA director on Jan. 20, he had “unresolved questions” about whether the Russians had been successful in getting campaign associates to work on their behalf “in a witting or unwitting fashion.” Carter Page, a former foreign policy adviser for President-elect Donald Trump, speaks at a news conference at the RIA Novosti news agency in Moscow on Dec. 12. Page said he was meeting with businessmen and politicians during his visit. (Pavel Golovkin/AP) Multiple people familiar with campaign operations, most of whom spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations, said that Page and others were brought into the fold at a time of desperation for the Trump team. As Trump was starting to win primaries, he was under increasing pressure to show that he had a legitimate, presidential-caliber national security team. The problem he faced was that most mainstream national security experts wanted nothing to do with him. “Everyone did their best, but there was not as much vetting as there could have been,” former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said. Another longtime campaign official put it this way: “Anyone who came to us with a pulse, a résumé and seemed legit would be welcomed.” “We were not exactly making due diligence the highest priority,” another campaign veteran added. A White House spokeswoman referred questions to Trump’s campaign. Michael Glassner, who currently serves as manager of Trump’s campaign committee, declined to comment. Page and Trump aides have said that Page never met Trump, and Page left the campaign in August 2016. Page has denied working on behalf of the Russians and said questions about his Moscow ties are part of a political witch hunt designed by Democrats to discredit Trump. Page has for months declined to answer questions about how he joined the Trump team and who invited him aboard, calling the matter “irrelevant” in an email exchange with The Washington Post. In a letter to Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein last week, Page wrote that he had been “an informal, unpaid member of one of [Trump’s] campaign committees.” In his defense, Page in recent weeks has sent a series of meandering letters to investigators. He has quoted Maroon 5 lyrics, cited the writings of George Orwell and said he is being persecuted because of his Catholic faith. In a letter sent Wednesday to the House Intelligence Committee, Page referred to himself as an “unpaid, informal member of the Make America Great Again movement,” a reference to Trump’s campaign slogan, and said he had been “illegitimately swept up into this investigation” based on “false evidence and propaganda.” Page’s entry to the campaign came as Trump was starting to win Republican primaries and take commanding leads in GOP polls — but was also facing criticism for his lack of foreign policy advisers. In early March 2016, more than 70 conservative national security experts signed an open letter opposing Trump’s candidacy, calling him “fundamentally dishonest.” Trump announced that then-Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), the only senator supporting him, would chair a foreign policy panel for the campaign — but no other members of the panel were named publicly. When the hosts of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” pressed Trump on air in mid-March to name people with whom he spoke about foreign affairs, the candidate’s response only seemed to underscore his lack of serious advice. “I’m speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain,” he said. As the campaign maneuvered behind the scenes to expand its ranks, Page had at least one built-in advantage when he joined the Trump campaign: geographic proximity. He ran a company, Global Energy Capital LLC, with offices located a block from Trump Tower and connected by an atrium to the famed property. Some campaign veterans speculated that Page may have stepped forward on his own, essentially walking into campaign headquarters and introducing himself without a referral — a frequent occurrence at Trump Tower in those early days. Last week, Page rejected this version of events. “Wrong again,” he told The Post via text message. “At least one other primary person(s) involved.” On Thursday, after Cox described his role, Page confirmed that the New York GOP chairman had connected him to the Trump campaign. Cox said in an interview that Page, an acquaintance from business and political circles, had reached out to him in early 2016 expressing interest in joining the Trump campaign. Cox said he routinely connected potential volunteers with GOP campaigns. He described Page as “very informed and up to date on things.” Several former officials recall that when Page first showed up at Trump Tower, Lewandowski introduced him to other campaign aides. Lewandowski said he could not remember the encounter, which was first reported by the Daily Caller, but also did not rule it out. Clovis, who assembled and vetted the list of national security advisers that included Page, declined to comment. Now a top official at the Agriculture Department, Clovis had worked on Russia-related issues at the Pentagon in the 1980s and, as a candidate for U.S. Senate in Iowa in 2014, had questioned the effectiveness of sanctions imposed after Russia’s incursion into Ukraine. Representatives for Flynn, Sessions and Jared Kushner, Trump’s senior adviser, declined to comment. A White House official said senior policy adviser Stephen Miller, also a key campaign staffer at the time, had no role in the formation of the foreign policy group. A thorough vetting of Page might have revealed several red flags. Page had spent three years working in Moscow, for instance, and he held stock in the Russian company Gazprom, meaning that he could have a personal financial stake in the future of U.S.-imposed sanctions against Russia. Page wrote in a September letter to then-FBI Director James B. Comey that he had sold his “de minimis equity investment” in the Russian company at a loss a month earlier. Page had previously drawn the attention of the FBI after he had conversations in 2013 with a man posing as an executive with the New York branch of the Russian development bank Vneshecon­ombank. The man was later convicted of being a Russian spy, and FBI recordings included discussions among Russian operatives about their attempts to recruit Page. Page has said that he cooperated with the FBI and that the only crime related to the incident is that U.S. government officials appear to have recently revealed his role to the media. By late March 2016, when Trump appeared before The Post’s editorial board, he was prepared to brag about his new foreign policy team. “I can give you some of the names,” Trump said after Post Publisher Frederick J. Ryan Jr. asked about his advisers. Second on the list of five read aloud by Trump: “Carter Page, PhD.” Another unusual name on Trump’s list of foreign policy experts was a little-known figure named George Papadopoulos, whose inclusion may also have demonstrated the vulnerabilities that came with limited vetting. “He’s an energy consultant,” Trump said. “Excellent guy.” The news media soon reported that Papadopoulos seemed to have exaggerated elements of his résumé. And, touting his position as a Trump adviser, Papadopoulos began offering positive comments about Russian President Vladi­mir Putin to foreign audiences. Papadopoulos did not respond to requests for comment. His name had surfaced four months earlier on a similar list of foreign policy advisers circulated by the presidential campaign of Ben Carson. Barry Bennett, who served as Carson’s campaign manager and later as an adviser to Trump, recalled that he was surprised when Trump named Papadopoulos to his team. “He was someone who worked for me at the Carson campaign for, like, 15 minutes. And somehow he was on the list,” Bennett said of his reaction to the Trump roster. “I was, like, how in the hell did that happen?” Trump soon added a few names to the group and held a formal briefing with its members in a conference room at his not-yet-opened hotel in Washington. A photo of that session distributed by Trump on social media — “meeting with my national security team,” Trump wrote — showed the candidate at the head of the table and Sessions at the opposite end. Papadopoulos could be seen at the table. Page was not there, and Trump officials have said that Trump never met Page during his five-month stint as an adviser. People involved with the campaign recall that Page attended other meetings that the group held in Washington, including one attended by Sessions. He also submitted policy memos for the campaign’s review, a former campaign adviser said. In June, Page stunned a group of foreign policy luminaries during a private meeting at Blair House with the visiting prime minister of India by going off-topic to declare that Putin was a stronger and more reliable leader than President Barack Obama, according to people who were in the room. Page also promised that U.S.-Russian relations would improve if Trump were elected. Page has denied this account, blaming it on his political enemies. The next month, Page delivered a speech at a Russian university in which he was highly critical of U.S. policy. Page has said he met with no Russian government officials during the trip, except for briefly greeting a deputy prime minister who attended the event. Over the summer, the FBI convinced a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court judge that there was probable cause to believe Page was acting as an agent of Russia, law enforcement and other U.S. officials told The Post last month. Page’s name also appeared in a now-famous dossier, which quietly circulated among reporters and alleged that there were links between Trump associates and the Kremlin. The document asserted that Page met with top Russian officials to plot how to elect Trump. The document, which was compiled by a former British spy employed by Trump’s political adversaries, became public after the election and was dismissed by Trump and his allies as “fake news.” Page vigorously rejects the allegation about him and said the FBI should spend its time investigating how the document came together instead of his activities. Page used his Wednesday letter to the House Intelligence Committee to defend his contacts with the Russians. Presenting the letter as a “follow-up” to Brennan’s testimony, Page wrote that throughout “my interactions with the Russians in 2016, I consistently made it crystal clear that all of my benign statements and harmless actions in Moscow as well as elsewhere overseas were solely made as a scholar and a business person speaking only on behalf of myself. In other words, in no way connected to then-candidate Trump.” Earlier this month, Page insisted in writing to the Senate Intelligence Committee that for all the attention he has received, he did not once meet Trump. “In retrospect and with the 1984-inspired governance standards employed in 2016,” Page wrote, “I consider it fortunate that I never briefed Mr. Trump.” Note: This story has been updated. Devlin Barrett and Alice Crites contributed to this report. politics Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters false :: test The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters. Try 1 month for 99¢ politics Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters true :: test The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters. Try 1 month for 99¢ 500+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Tom Hamburger covers the intersection of money and politics for The Washington Post. Follow @thamburger Rosalind Helderman is a political enterprise and investigations reporter for the Washington Post. Follow @PostRoz 592 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Analysis The investigation of Jared Kushner fits a very troubling pattern 2 Trump chastises fellow NATO members, demands they meet payment obligations 3 ‘Anyone . . . with a pulse’: How a Russia-friendly adviser found his way into the Trump campaign 4 Analysis Trump takes a moment to brag that less than half the country thinks he’s doing a good job 5 Leading from the side: At NATO event, Trump waffles again on U.S. commitments The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts politics Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Science Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Science Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Job Board Social Good Summit Paid Content Like Follow Follow Wonder Woman has taken over the world (wide web) and it’s about damn time 1.4k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: Warner Bros. PICTURES By Wonder Woman2017-05-25 14:21:35 UTC Wonder Woman has long been a pillar of feminine strength. She stands alongside Rosie the Riveter as an icon of female empowerment, and of women getting things done.    But she's more than that.     In comics, she often shows kindness and compassion, even to those who oppose her. She fights for what is right, even when the odds are stacked against her.     With the release of the Wonder Woman film on June 2, Diana Prince will also be the first female superhero to star in her own solo film. This is an important milestone for the entertainment industry, and from looking at what fans are saying online, they’re more than ready.     With so much buzz building for the release of the film, it’s clear that the time is right to tell a different kind of superhero story. From getting teen girls excited about coding and highlighting creative fan art to giveaways and new content every week on “Wonder Wednesdays,” here’s how everyone’s favorite Amazonian princess is inspiring people all over the web.      Suiting up like Princess Diana    Fans have already found a rallying cry in Wonder Woman’s classic power pose: arms crossed, a look of pure determination across their faces. To cement the stance as an iconic element of the campaign, the Wonder Woman team rolled out the Gauntlet Creator, allowing fans to create their own kick ass cuffs and share photos online.    A post shared by Wonder Woman (@wonderwomanfilm) on Mar 15, 2017 at 8:48pm PDT Fans can customize a pair of digital armbands and then snap a photo that puts them right in Wonder Woman’s shoes – er, cuffs. The web app transforms fans into their own kind of warrior, empowering pose and all. Thanks internet!      Image: Warner Bros. PICTURES Inspiring a new generation    Inspired by the release of Wonder Woman, Warner Bros. Pictures and Google's Made with Code are teaming up to help motivate teenage girls by teaching them how to program. By showcasing the unexpected and interesting ways that computer science is used in different industries – like making movies – they’re helping to inspire while also teaching a valuable skill.    In conjunction with Warner Bros. Pictures, Google's Made with Code has developed a Wonder Woman coding project, in which teen girls are taught introductory coding principles to create various scenes from the movie. Amber Kirsch, the Lead Visual Effects producer on the film, will serve as a Google's Made with Code mentor, sharing how computer science is critical to the production of Hollywood films.    The partnership will kick off with the Google's Made with Code + Wonder Woman launch event, where Kirsch will serve as the keynote speaker. But the partnership goes beyond coding. By tapping into the essence of Wonder Woman’s trademark wisdom, it’s also about learning and creating a problem-solving, future-thinking mindset that leads to the development of strong, effective leaders and visionaries.    A Snapchat game paying homage to 16-bit     The past meets the present and puts it all in your hands.     From the minds behind Wonder Woman's marketing team, Sticky Studios, and the creative team at Snapchat comes a new project that channels the entertainment consoles of the past with a new 16-bit Snapchat game.The easy to play and addictive Rise of the Warrior game features Wonder Woman striding onto the battlefield to cross “No Man's Land” in order to put an end to the conflict by defeating enemy soldiers.     By paying homage to the retro gaming consoles that so many grew up on, the new Wonder Woman game lets people relive their childhood by giving users the power to play as a 16-bit Princess Diana right on their smartphones.       Showcasing creativity with Fan Art Fridays    Wonder Woman has always had a commanding presence – her poise, her fierceness, and her determination combine to create an image that people just can’t help but be inspired by.    After all, Wonder Woman was born on the page – first making her mark in All Star Comics in 1941. From there, she’s inspired a league of artists, illustrators, and graphic designers along the way.   Now, artists from all over the world are submitting their one-of-a-kind pieces as part of Fan Art Fridays, a weekly showcase that puts this iconic woman as the star of the show.     From pencil sketches and comic interpretations to fine art depictions and abstract renderings, the “Art of Wonder” fan art on display has been nothing short of extraordinary.   Get inspired by browsing through submissions on social media by exploring the hashtag #WWFanArt and submit your own!      We are all Wonder Woman     Ever secretly thought that you had what it takes to be Wonder Woman? Or at least – that you’d look really good in that crown? Now’s your chance to prove it.    A new Snapchat filter, lens, and Facebook Camera Mask helps to transform you into Princess Diana herself.  A post shared by Wonder Woman (@wonderwomanfilm) on Mar 29, 2017 at 10:00am PDT So no matter where you come from, what you do, or who you are, you can find inspiration in knowing that we all have a little bit of Wonder Woman’s strength in us.    The Wonder Woman marketing team has already rolled out special activations for Coachella and Mother’s Day, but stay tuned because there’s something extra special hitting your mobile screens on May 31.    In the meantime, snap to unlock the exclusive #WonderWoman Snapchat filter now!       A post shared by Wonder Woman (@wonderwomanfilm) on Apr 23, 2017 at 10:07am PDT Topics: Entertainment, BrandSpeak, Wonder Woman, wonder-woman-gal-gadot About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Everything that's been announced at Google I/O 2017 so far (continuously updated) David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 1:53pm PDTMay 17, 2017 46 Plus 1 on G+ 74 Share on Facebook 88 Share on Twitter Total Shares208 Android O Google News Article Contents 1 Android, Android O (and beta news) 1.1 Day 2 2 AR/Daydream VR news 2.1 Day 2 3 Google Home 4 Assistant 4.1 Day 2 5 Google Photos 6 Various other news 6.1 Day 2 Google I/O 2017 is in full swing, and we're about halfway through the first day as I write this post. Even so, we've already had dozens of stories come out of Google's big developer conference, and we want to make sure you're able to find all of our coverage in one place. Google Home, Photos, Assistant, Android O, Daydream - all saw major announcements today, and we're just getting started. I'll break it down for you. I've bolded what I think are some of the more important stories out of I/O today. Android, Android O (and beta news) Looking for the Android O Beta? We've got what you need in our post Android O could cut in half the time it takes for your phone to reboot, and it may make some apps way faster Text selection is getting smarter in Android O Ready for an emoji revamp? Google has a huge one in store in its next OS release Notification dots will put rich notifications in your app icons Play Protect gives a new name to Google's malware scanning behavior Android Go appears to be a deep-level rethink of Google's approach to Android on low-end Android phones There are over 2 billion active Android devices on Earth now Android TV is getting a brand new launcher in Android O The Pixel launcher is getting options to change the shape of icons in the new O beta Quick settings is getting a new grayscale UI in Android O Google's new Visual Positioning Service is a neat AR technology The emoji support library in Android O should reduce the chance you'll see broken emoji in the future The night light feature is getting an intensity slider in O Android O will start housing a shortcut to a given app's widgets in the app shortcut interface Day 2 Bluetooth will now allow you select which AVRCP version you want to use A redesigned version of the Pixel launcher appeared in a demo area at I/O Animations in Android are going to start being based upon physics, which sounds pretty cool Android O has a brand-new "actionable" battery menu, and they've gone in-depth on explaining why it's there There are new developer tools in Android Wear for watch face complications and app interfaces Significant changes to how fonts are handled are coming in Android O AR/Daydream VR news Fully standalone Daydream headsets - with beaconless position tracking - are coming Google's educational Expeditions app gets a new mode with AR that looks like it could be pretty cool The Galaxy S8 and an unannounced LG phones will be Daydream-certified later this year Day 2 The ZenFone AR is finally coming out - exclusively on Verizon in the US Daydream 2.0 and Chromium VR were announced Google Home Google Home streams TV from many more service now - including HBO and Hulu This one is big - Google Home is going to start working with your other Android devices and display visual information to go along with responses Home will start warning you about upcoming events, and support for reminders is coming soon Hands-free calling is coming to Google Home, and it sounds amazing Google Home supports the creation of calendar appointments now Soon, you'll be able to stream music to your Google Home directly over Bluetooth like a standard speaker New music services have been added to home - including Spotify free, SoundCloud, and Deezer The Home device will be launching in Canada, Australia, France, Germany, and Japan this summer The Google Home app is going to be updated with user-defined, customizable shortcuts Assistant Actions on Google, the platform for doing stuff across various Google products that is built into Assistant and Google Home, is coming to smartphones - and it could let the Assistant do some crazy stuff Assistant will be available in five new languages this summer, with more by the end of the year Google Assistant is now on iOS Soon, you'll be able to type to the Google Assistant, not just speak to it (or have to use Allo) - [Update: Rolling out now] Google Lens is an absolutely amazing object recognition platform that is going to be baked into Assistant The error rate for speech recognition using Google's engine is now under 5% Day 2 Assistant works with a whole lot more smart home products You'll seen be able to send money through Google Assistant Google Assistant will now allow to view your query history, and edit or delete it Google is working with 50 app developers for its first batch of instant apps Google Photos Google Lens is a thing, and it's going to make Google Photos even more eerily smart than it already is Photos generally saw some major updates, and a lot of them use fancy machine learning to make Photos work harder to give you the pictures you actually want Physical photo books are something you'll be able to order from Photos soon Google Photos is going to start suggesting what photos you might want to share with friends and contacts Google Photos is getting absolutely insane automatic obstruction removal for your pictures - Adobe-level stuff Various other news YouTube for TVs now supports 360-degree video YouTube has over a billion hours of video watched - per day Smart replies are coming to Gmail today New Profilers are coming to Android Studio for app performance visualization The Play Console Dashboard has new tools to help devs find and fix problems with their apps Developers can start making Instant Apps today Kotlin is now an officially-supported language for Android apps Day 2 Automatic APK size optimization will help developers shrink their packages Autosizing is coming to to TextViews Google is working on a new payments API for the web and mobile devices Devs are getting the ability to exclude any device that doesn't pass SafetyNet from installing apps on the Play Store Google Play App Signing will make key management a lot more streamlined for developers Android Studio 3.0 brings Kotlin support and a ton of new debugging tools Tags Google I/O google io 2017 google io announcements i/o 2017 io2017 subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Quick settings are now grayscale, get some other small tweaks Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Curtis Bond For me, the announcements for Home were extremely welcoming. I have two Google Homes and I can't wait to take advantage of some of these new features. Lars Jeppesen I am contemplating buying a tv (haven't had one for years) just to use some of the new cool visual features of Home (I have 3 of them). Any recommendations for someone who wants to use it as a casting device and doesn't need a tv tuner (or crappy smart tv features).. just a very good 4k panel without any fuss? James Bryant Hisense make tvs that are considered some of the best you can get for the money. Generally quite affordable too. I believe it's the 7000 series. Lars Jeppesen Thanks, will have a look jonzey231 I got a 55" Vizio E Series on Black Friday with Chromecast Built-In. It's 4K, no HDR, though. There's no tuner so I did have to buy an external one, but that was a blessing in disguise because now I have it running into my TV via HDMI which I like. Got it for like $350-$400ish. Picture is fantastic, especially for what I paid. And I love that even if the TV is off (standby mode), I can just cast something from my phone and it turns the TV on and just starts playing. It's small, but it's convenient. Plus, casting is even in 4K if you're using Netlfix or whatever else with the 4K subscription. Lars Jeppesen Thanks. Is that the tv one of the "all about android" show cast got as well? He likes it a lot. I prefer without a tv tuner as I cut tv signal years ago. Drakenoid That's your best option imo, it works really well. Lars Jeppesen F*uck .. Vizio only sells in the US.. I'm european.. dammit dammit dammit I was getting fired up :) Pavel Shevchuk Turning on the TV is a subset of HDMI spec nowadays. I can turn my 2014 Samsung not-so-smart TV on and off with a phone and appletv remote while actual TV remote is accumulating layers of dust jonzey231 I know that. My 4 year old toshiba does it too. Just saying that its even more convenient with the whole package. Since the Chromecast is built-into the tv, you just hit cast on netflix and everything turns on. abc Me too. I'll probably pick one up in two to three years when it comes out of beta. Rik Wall The GBoard auto translate feature blew me away personally. Evgany It's been available in beta for months. Rik Wall I think I need to join the beta LOL OrionBeast begs a question, how do you join a beta? (for iOS?). joke: buy android phone. pls. don't downvote <3 Daniel I'M DOWNVOTING RIGHT NOW! JK Pls don't downvote me. Serge Cebrian Downvoting ... Plz dont Downv..... Nah I don't care downvote me into oblivion Just kidding Don't downvote me Drakenoid It's not just in beta. Тарас Мукин It's not an auto-translate, I believe you mixed up 2 different things in one. If you want to translate -- write actual words in one language and get words in other-- you have to press "translate" and type into field inside keyboard -- translated words will appear in main field. But what happens automathicaly is phonetic input -- you write hindi words using english letters, basically transcription. It has to be specific phonetic keyboard layout. The same thing is used in Japanese input for a long time already, as long as their alphabet (kana) is too big to fit in QWERTY-like layout. Paul_Werner Do you know how to have this working now in GBoard? I don't know if it's possible but it'd be nice to test out the transcription feature. I am already on beta and have the translation feature Drakenoid Go into gboard settings>languages you'll find the options there, it should be obvious there. OrionBeast It's good to see Google integrating their services quite nicely. Especially with all the AI features coming along quite well. Rachel Murphy I'am freelancing online, conducting normal things that simply demands from you computer desktop or laptop and just internet accessibility and so I couldn't be delighted... Six months have passed when i started this and i attained till now in whole 36,000 bucks... Basically i gain almost $80/h and work for three to four h on daily basis.And brilliant thing about this job opportunity is that you can decide when to work on your own as well as for how long and you receive money at the end of each week.>>>> http://vzturl.com/bni14 Amandafpotter Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj341d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj341d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash341TopAppGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj341d..,.... Paige Turner I'am freelancing on the internet, working on normal projects which needs from you desktop or laptop computer and also internet accessibility and so I couldn't be delightful... Half a year have passed when i began this and i attained so far in total 36,000 bucks... Basically i earn profits almost $80/hour and work for three to 4 h on daily basis.And incredible point regarding this work is that you can actually decide when to work on your own and for how long and you get paid by the end of each week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Jack Harris I'am freelancing over the web, finishing basic gigs that requires from you desktop computer or simply laptop and internet accessibility and so I couldn't be more satisfied... Half a year have passed when i started this and also i gained up till now overall $36,000... Basically i benefit around 80 bucks/h and work for three to four h every day.And outstanding thing about this work is that you can decide when to do the job on your own as well as for how long aand you are compensated at the end of each week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Shannon Butler Home based mother Kelly Richards from New York City after resigning from her full-time employment been able to earn from 26000$ to 28000$ on a monthly basis from freelancing in the home... This is just one way she working it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Scros97 So.... NO MATERIAL DESIGN WEB CALENDAR? Daniel That's happening in Q4 JG When they were talking about Android Go and she said something along the lines of "While Google Go-ifies our apps, we're opening it up to you, the developers to" I had to laugh... Google has been stressing Material Design as a unified design scheme for how many years now, and they still haven't managed to implement it across all of their properties yet... And that's basically just cosmetic changes. Making a Go app should require a little more work re-designing the app to use less bandwidth and local storage etc. [* and considering how well Allo turned out as a re-design of Hangouts ... but that's another story] Raviteja Rachuri The google lens and Suggested sharing are the things that caught my attention the most. Looking forward for using them. Hope they launch 'Google Home' in India. Bankyy Pakorn so nothing exciting..feels like android has been stagnant in its innovation department for years now. Roy https://youtu.be/2wCPFbb6cVQ?t=177 Filipe Santos It's only my impression or Google didn't talk about Waze on AA? lol 4Ui812 Boom boom boom let me here you say Google I/O ....... l/O Boom boom boom let me here you say Google I/O ......... I/O every time I read this headline this song pops in my head. netsurfer912 A bit weak, but mostly welcome. Jadephyre All I took away from that is Google giving rooted users the finger. Why even still use Android if they start pulling the same shit Apple is doing? Roy I'm happy they doing that. Android never was about open in every way for rooted users. It's about everybody can do whatever they want with the OS In simple way that not like Apple. Now that qwllity of the will go up. And the developers will be more focus on great apps on great OS. I'm sorry for you guys but you're not even 1% of the 2 billion users of Android. Kevin Peck One point you are missing here. For a lot of devices - looking at you Samsung - you have to root and install a ROM to get OS updates. Samsung drops support so quickly and phones are stuck back on Marshmallow or worse. People root and update just to get access to newer Google features, they don't really desire a rooted phone. This will go away with the new way Google plans to update devices getting the hardware vendor out of the way when possible. Roy First we're going to get project Treble ion Android O that will help Samsung and others to update their phone faster and for longer. Second, most of the users buying new phones after 2 years and you already got updates for that period of time. Who is buying Galaxy 8 right now will get in this time in 2019 update for Android P (if it's not already got better) and than buy Galaxy 10 or whatever he wants. Who that care much for updates can buy Google pixel for 3 years upgrade if not more with project Treble or SOC from Google that will give you 4 years of upgrades​ like Apple. Kevin Peck I think we are on same page. Treble should address a lot of these issues. I have rooted and installed ROMs for family members on older phones so they could access apps such as their bank apps. Root had to happen to ROM. They are not using the root to do anything odd but now they get locked out of NetFlix (example) sucks because the hardware manufacturer gave us no other choice. Not everyone, especially the college students I have helped, have money to buy a new phone every few years. Heck most of them buy old phones on purpose as they are poor. Roy Ok this problems like almost doesn't exist here in Israel because, we don't have apps from the bank that not work with old version. The problem here lots of device on old version of OS. OK if they poor, you got already Android One in US no? That have upgrade close to the Pixel. I really believe that project Treble will Will solve this problems that everyone can enjoy great OS on their devices. Brian Himes Simply put Android needed root as the original versions were pretty terrible. Now there is no reason to unless you really into doing code work yourself or want to run different Rom's. Ismaheel Owolabi Nice. http://www.successtechz.com/2017/05/download-my-etisalat-mobile-app-and-get.html Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.505s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 235 Plus 1 on G+ 1179 Share on Facebook 437 Share on Twitter Total Shares1851 Applications News Earlier today, Netflix started showing up as 'incompatible' on the Play Store for rooted and unlocked Android devices. However, the app itself continued to work fine, leading some (including myself) to think it could have been an accident. However, Netflix has now confirmed to us that blocking modified devices from downloading the app was intentional. This is the full statement: With our latest 5.0 release, we now fully rely on the Widevine DRM provided by Google; therefore, many devices that are not Google-certified or have been altered will no longer work with our latest app and those users will no longer see the Netflix app in the Play Store. If you're not familiar with it, Widevine is a Google-made DRM technology that works across various desktop and mobile platforms. Widevine categorizes devices into three security levels, ranging from all processes running in the Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) to not running anything in TEE at all. However, the Play Store listing seems tied to a device's SafetyNet status (which is used by Android Pay), rather than the Widevine TEE. For example, Artem's bootloader-unlocked stock Pixel is still on Widevine Level 1, the most secure level, but fails SafetyNet because it is unlocked. The update's changelog also confirms that: "Version 5.0 only works with devices that are certified by Google and meet all Android requirements." What isn't exactly clear is why only the Play Store listing is blocked, but the app itself continued to function normally. I tried both Netflix 4.16 and 5.0.4 (the latest version, from today), and both worked without problems on my unlocked and rooted Galaxy Tab S (which is labeled as Widevine Security Level 3). Maybe at some point the app will stop working, but that does not appear to be the case right now. If you have a blocked device, I recommend following the Pushbullet channel for Netflix on APKMirror (click the Pushbullet button on that page) so you can continue to receive updates outside the Play Store. Tags block DRM netflix widevine subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Benson-approved 9ft USB-C AmazonBasics cables are $7.99 (20% off), 6ft 15% off ... Next Story LG has pulled the T-Mobile G6 'Buy one, get one' promotion Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Sergio Carmona But why???? First the vpn's now this... why oh why??? Jimk4003 Surely because licensing is regionally specific, and because rooting has the potential to defeat DRM. I get that it might be annoying for some people, but aren't the reasons obvious? David Juarez But root?? Lol Semianonymous Probably an effort to reduce Region spoofing? Idk how easy that is to do on a stock device. Jimk4003 Because rooting has the potential to defeat DRM. mjh49783ab DRM doesn't work. All DRM does is inconvenience the end user. Jimk4003 Possibly. But Netflix have to negotiate licencing deals with the movie studios, and having DRM helps reassure the studios that the movies they have spent millions of dollars making aren't going to get stolen off Netflix without any attempt to stop it. mjh49783ab One could make the argument that rooting the phone may compromise the DRM. But blocking users from unlocking their phones to switch carriers? That is total bullshit, and is just the sort of thing that encourages users to pirate the content. Jimk4003 Netflix are blocking you from switching carriers? lomsha Sim unlocked phones are fine, unlocked bootloaders are blocked. mjh49783ab They didn't exactly make that clear in the article when I last read it. h4rr4r The studios need to reconsider blu rays then. Way easier to rip. Nothing they do will stop piracy. This kind of thing actually encourages it. Jimk4003 Maybe studios do need to consider Blu-ray's. That isn't Netflix's problem though. h4rr4r No Netflix problem is making sure they don't let the studios reduce the value of their product. If Amazon video works on my devices and Netflix does not that is a big deal to me. In that case I might as well sign up for more addon channels on Amazon with the mkney that currently goes to Netflix. Jimk4003 Agreed. But the studios are responsible for making the product they redistribute. It's certainly a balancing act, and I can see both sides of the argument, but Netflix isn't an inalienable right, and those who don't meet the T&C's are going to miss out. h4rr4r Sure, but the studios and Netflix are going to create pirates with these kind of actions. People aren't going to miss out. They will just pirate what they can't get legally. Jimk4003 Sure, but again, it's a tiny fraction of users. If Netflix can negotiate better terms with studios by blocking rooted devices, and thus improve their business overall at the expense of a few fringe users, it stands to reason that is what Netflix will do. Doby Gillis whaa fucking whaa. Sergio Carmona The only obvious thing here is your sarcasm detector not working properly. Go have it fixed please. Jimk4003 Nah, I'm good. h4rr4r So the reason are to make the product worse for the consumer. Great idea, now piracy looks better and better. Jimk4003 What percentage of phones are rooted though? Most people won't care, or even notice the change. h4rr4r It does not matter, if it drives even one person to piracy that is a loss. Jimk4003 But if they can ensure better licensing deals via these new terms, which will attract more customers at the expense of a few rooted users who make up a tiny fraction of overall users; will Netflix care about that loss? h4rr4r But if it encourages piracy the other side of the contract should want to avoid it. Gaining customers in the short term like this hurts the whole market in the long term. Cyber_Akuma Because yeah, people are going to rip movies from Netflix and not off a Blu-Ray.... and even IF they were to attempt to rip them off Netflix, they would use a PHONE and not a PC.... Jimk4003 Ripping Blu-rays isn't Netflix's problem, and Netflix don't need to try and guess what device someone would try and commit piracy with, when the technology exists to restrict them all. Cyber_Akuma You are missing the point, people aren't going to be ripping from Netflix over ripping from a Blu-Ray, and on top of that, they sure as hell aren't going to be ripping off a phone. And actually, you are wrong, the technology to "resist them all" does NOT actually exist. There is no one technology that "restricts them all" but several different technologies for different platforms with various levels of viability and success. Jimk4003 I said 'the technology exists'. When did I say it was a single piece of technology? Let's not be those guys who get in a pedantic argument about semantics on the internet. Regarding the issue under discussion; Netflix's job is to make their platform as robust as possible against piracy, using whatever technology is available to them. Blu-Ray simply isn't their problem. Cyber_Akuma Because just arguing "technology exists" is worthless, plenty of technology exists, and plenty of it is misused. Technically the technology to remotely brick your phone exists too, doesn't mean it's fine to use just because it "exists". And no, their platform already is robust, you are trying to ignore the fact that people ripping movies off a phone is a complete and total non-issue just to try to argue for Netflix's sake, this is ESPECIALLY considering the fact that it harms far more legitimate people than it helps. Sorry, but no, just a plain and completely undesputable NO. You can't argue that it's ok to use something that will hurt a large majority of people just to potentially possibly stop an extreme minority of people who would not even use this method anyway. That's like arguing it's ok to burn down a house to kill a spider. Jimk4003 "You can't argue that it's ok to use something that will hurt a large majority of people". We're talking about Netflix blocking rooted users; in what reality do they constitute the 'large majority' of Android users? Cyber_Akuma I meant the majority of the rooted users. Last time I checked, over 25% of people with an Android device had root access, which is several million users. And OF those several million rooted users, how many do you think actually use their rooted phone and Netflix app to pirate content? Less than 1% Hell, less than 0.1%? They are hurting over 99% of rooted Android users, which while not the majority of Android users is still a lot, to attempt to stop (and not even that effectively as there have been work-around for SafetyNet checks for nearly a year now) an extreme minority OF a minority from doing something they are unlikely to do due to other methods anyway. Richard Markert >I meant the majority of the rooted users. Even the majority of rooted users is a drop in the ocean when it comes to Android users worldwide. Cyber_Akuma Again, over 25%. You also completely missed the point of the argument in that this hurts nearly all rooted users that would not use this maliciously. Lord Argyris Looks like I'll have to start updating manually then. Or just not bother with the app at all since I rarely use Netflix on my phone as it is. SpasilliumNexus Thank goodness the 3T's Open Beta of OxygenOS is good enough for me to not unlock my device and stick with complete stock. Now I wonder why I haven't received any Netflix app updates beyond 4.16.1 build 15145 on the Play Store, when APKMirror has 4 newer versions. ast00 They asked for it. Now pirate their content knowing that you tried doing it the legal way, but THEY declined. Φώτης Because unlocking your Android powered device is such a "bad" thing to do. Whatever Netflix. Ailín Ó’S Ναι, ακριβώς... 😑 C64 How about some English Rob Google translate says that "Ναι, ακριβώς" translates to "Yes, exactly". pcriz How about some Google translate :-/ C64 This is an English website, so you have to talk English. I'm Dutch, so i talk (or try to talk) English too. It hasn't to be perfect, but it would be bs if I talked Dutch over here. 'Want 90 procent van de mensen hier spreken geen Nederlands' Or do you like to use translate with everything freaking post Φώτης Chill. It was literally just two words. Not that big of a deal, don't you think? AnubArack Is it that hard to write 2 words in another language then? Kevin Strident Yo no se. You try it. Φώτης Of course not. Actually this is exactly what happened :p AnubArack You and @kevinstrident:disqus are sooooo funny. Less contextually aware than a virtual assistant. d0x360 Yes exactly lol Patrick Ahles *spreekt ;) DavidEssex Yes. I have for years. Twatberry XwaitXwhatX This is an English website Which caters to android users all across the globe pcriz Show me what rule he is breaking. Please quote it for me. Otherwise have as much right to ignore him as he does to speak whatever language he wants. Geezz what a buncha cry babies xyz He is breaking the most important rule of the internet which is faasusu polo asini. pcriz I could try and translate that and feed a troll. Or I can go on living my life. I may choose the latter. C'est la vie, damn how easy (adult) was that ? d0x360 You can talk in whatever language you want. You won't get many people paying any attention to anything you say but who cares? Also...use Google to translate it. It's that button at the very bottom. Yes, exactly xyz Du-te dracului Rebel without a Clue Want 90 procent van de mensen hier spreekt ;) C64 Sorry i was stoned 🤣 Rebel without a Clue Hahaha ok dan mag het Keletor Thank you much! You are awesome, and I totally respect you for that statement and the use of the Commodore insignia. AntiCoyote Not really fair, every single Dutch person I know speaks English as well as an American :o) C64 I'm sorry that we Dutch learn English at school :p davidus The real reason behind this is that there arent many ppl to talk to in first place, if u only speak dutch. Trust me, i m from a neighbour country ;) Me Or some Bixby xyz I don't think Google can translate dipshit. Seems to be a rarely spoken language. pcriz Um okay, whatever that means. DavidEssex How about not being ignorant. xyz Ignorant? No one speaks every language in the world, dipshit. Өөрийгөө Зөндөө Go ArclightX flüggåәnkб€čhiœßølįên There! Now put that in your pipe and smoke it! C64 Don't quit your day job Narg While I prefer English, I have to say that web browsers today make it dirt simple to translate anything, why get all worked up about this? Not using the tools at hand just show ignorance and lethargy. nasznjoka umetisha mzazi asianrage Is it being Unlocked that is not allowed, or Unlocked and Rooted as well? Corbin Davenport Both. Artem can't install it on his unlocked Google Pixel XL. h4rr4r Huh? He can install it, just not from the play store. Apk mirror, soon back answer. Corbin Davenport Yes, that's what I meant. It doesn't appear on the Play Store for him. asianrage That's so shitty. lomsha Idiotic. Andreaeritzman Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sf93c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sf93c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs383TopNovaGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sf93c:....,..... _jack_ I will send them feedback about this. Andy Roid https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a9bc6f4e2413533bdd6ebb2b10ebd06b24f002e6bfab3d18b3274418de511270.jpg Elsiedamado Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sg85c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sg85c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs385DirectResourcesGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sg85c:....,...... EowynCarter Yeah me too. And unless they change this, bye netflix account. No point in something I can't use anymore. Demoncat The funny part about video DRM is it's easily defeated. It's more convenient to steal the videos than to deal with the DRM restrictions. Fedup Exactly. Between VPN'ed torrents and nzbs, my Sonarr downloads all TV shows (netflix, HBO, ABC/CBS/NBC/FOX) automatically within minutes of them being ripped and posted by others. It is 100% automated, and with my Plex server running, I can watch shows anywhere - cost = $0.00. I don't do this to save money. I do it for the convenience, lack of ads, and freedom of time/place shifting. Heck, some shows actually download BEFORE they air on network TV (i.e. Designated Survivor). Yan Minari You better tell us more about how you set up this. stan dex 97 new dark web premium links . also included are netfix lifetime membership links as well as graphic Live chat links (use anonymously) https://satoshibox.com/axbr7vnm6ifzk8hwtcreoe28/buy d0x360 I cancelled​ my account, sent them feedback and then just asked a friend who I let use HBO go and a Chromecast ultra if I could use their Netflix. David Gabel That seems rather dumb. Why cancel your service to them yet still use it via someone else? You're not teaching them anything. For an example, let's say you have a MacBook, and Apple does something to piss you off. You sell your MacBook, but then borrow a friend's MacBook. Nothing was actually accomplished. d0x360 Nothing was accomplished? I cancelled my account and let them know why. Now they aren't making money off me but I still to use their service. Your analogy is deeply flawed...deeply. So deeply I don't think you understand exactly what an analogy is. David Gabel So, you're "not giving them money" yet you still support them by using their product. It still seems like your logic is flawed. If you're really that pissed at Netflix, don't use it. Period. Use a different service instead of supporting them by borrowing it off a friend, as they are also giving them money (and support) , too via their subscription. revbones How is using their service for free "supporting" them? They aren't getting any revenue off you if you're not paying them. Saying you're supporting them by not paying them is a little stupid don't you think? xyz lol. So by your "logic" a person who pirates House of Cards is also supporting Netflix ? BobButtons You're doing the opposite of supporting. You're getting the benefits of their service while stopping payment and adding to server load which they pay for. David Gabel So far, your stance is the only one that makes sense. The rest so far are noise Sir Doogie Houser M.D.Esq. 200 You seen like an incredulous douch who I'd suplex onto a park bench for being a lap dog bitch.How is canceling or stealing not doing something.Also,its not a fucking macbook jerkoff its a paid service for TV on a phone they expect to be paid for.BTFO David Gabel And you are a loud mouth keyboard warrior that loves to talk a big game, but in reality have little to no control over anything and use web forums to spout obscenities and violent threats to make yourself feel better. nagi Just another step that makes pirating the same content more convenient... we should really be going the other way if they ever want piracy to be reduced. lomsha Funny thing is their content is available to stream all over the internet. Don't see how this move fights piracy as long as computers have access. This just alienates legit users who are doing nothing nefarious on unlocked/rooted devices. Richard Branches By one everybody pays... Pathum Addarapathirana Dude I root my phone to just get iPhone emojis and to tether without my carrier knowing. Like I'm not stealing anything this will just make me stop paying for Netflix. Latheryin Just a heads up. Those treating hiding mods are fake. There is no way to hide if from the carrier. Heck if they wanted to they could see every web page you load from a ton of different places and ways. Yan Minari That’s why god invented VPN Latheryin Yes but even then it doesn't block everything. qqqqqq My provider absolutely blocks tethering - I've been using various methods, including VPNs, to block it for literally YEARS... Hasn't been difficult. Dylan Harris That's not true. All you have to due to bypass tethering limits on t-mobile is to change the TTL on the tethered device. Latheryin That just gets by the automated checks. Get a live person to randomly pick your account (not really likely but happens) and it is not had to tell if someone is tethering. Dmitri Smirnov All that person will be able to tell is whether customer is using a lot of data or not. And this is the root of the problem: be honest that you are limited traffic, instead of trying to play this game of "we'll pretent we are giving you unlimited data and in return you'll only use small-format mobile device, so that we'll hope that you won't be able to use as much of it". Kind of "all you can eat, but you have to only use a tea cup and one chopstick". Latheryin No the issue is people being entitled and taking advantage of things. You have people running their gaming systems and using hundreds of gb a month. Not only is that kinda dumb but it violate the fair use act in most cell TOS. If people didn't abuse the system then it wouldn't be an issue. Also just some food for thought. If they can't tell anything more then a lot of data just how do they route the traffic properly? Make no mistake. If the carrier wanted to they could tell. I know for a fact that there is a team for both att and Verizon that is tasked with just that. Dmitri Smirnov >No the issue is people being entitled and taking advantage of things. You have people running their gaming systems and using hundreds of gb a month. "taking advantage" I thought that people were in their right by using what they paid for. Allright, tell me this - is it allright for me to watch 4K video on my phone (since the screens allow it now)? What's the difference between this and me watching the same stream on my laptop over my phone's connection? What if I just redirect the video stream to my TV using WiDi or any other technology? How is browsing a site from a laptop different from browsing it from a phone network-congestion-wise? And then it boils down to the same argument - carriers are just hoping you'll use the network less from you phone device, as it's less convenient. The more convenient smartphones become for consuming large volumes of traffic, the sooner carriers will have to more away from this scan and expose the actual numbers. > If people didn't abuse the system then it wouldn't be an issue. If carriers would be honest and upfront about "hidden" caps, then people would not be able to game the system. > Also just some food for thought. If they can't tell anything more then a lot of data just how do they route the traffic properly? Make no mistake. If the carrier wanted to they could tell. Latheryin Tethering was never even an extra charge until people started taking advantage of the mobile networks. Watching 4k videos is not a big deal, using 200gb of mobile data in a cycle is flat out stupid. Mobile networks were not designed for that type of traffic from a single device. Nor was it made to handle running your ps4 while you are gaming. Why do you think that pages are made to be mobile friendly? Not only is it a usability issue but a data usage issue as well. It's not hidden. All people have to do is read the TOS. It's all right there. Yet most people just don't want to take the time to do it and then get made about it. Can't blame the carriers for that. Dmitri Smirnov > Watching 4k videos is not a big deal, using 200gb of mobile data in a cycle is flat out stupid. a) I'm glad we're finally on the same page that the real problem for networks is data usage and not tethering or no tethering. b) You are aware that you're contradicting yourself in the same sensense? 4K 60Fps video bitrate is ~20-40 MiB/s which gives an average movie the size of about 72GiB. so by your definition watching a movie in good quality is OK as long as you don't watch more than 3 of them in a month. c) how is using mobile data that you paid for - stupid? If there are caps - announce them and make it impossible to go over them instead of shaming people who actually decide to take you up on your offer. d) tethering has not been an extra charge until telcos understood that they could charge extra for it (just like them toying with idea of charging extra for Instant Messenger traffic, because it undercuts their SMS plans). > It's not hidden. All people have to do is read the TOS. It's all right there. Yet most people just don't want to take the time to do it and then get made about it. Can't blame the carriers for that. Well, carriers are the ones calling their plans "unlimited" and hiding the actual caps either buried deep in the ToS or behind the vague "reasonable usage". So don't blame people for not wanting to wade through pages of legalspeak just to learn that you lied and "unlmited" is just "50Gb and then throttled". Fedup Agreed. The problem is the AMOUNT of data consumed by a given user account - no how it is consumed. If carriers are concerned about individuals abusing their network, then they need to flag those accounts that use an excessive amount of bandwidth - whether it's through tethering or directly on the device itself. I could easily burn through 150GB/mo on my TMO Note 4 w/o tethering simply by leaving my Blue Iris app connected and streaming 24/7. So it's actually very easy to abuse the system without ever turning on the tethering. Ravonus Damitri this guy is a nut ha... I agree with you 100% bro. Ravonus um yes you can fake it... Sure you can't block the traffic... but you sure can make it seem like the traffic is coming from your phone and not being used to tether.. Which is what these apps do.. SMH lol Latheryin If that is what you wish to believe. OK. Android Developer Is the tether solution needed even if you do it using USB ? Fulbring What a stupid move. I pay for the premium for Netflix and I never thought that I might have to cancel my service just because they did this. The only reason why I have root is because of AdAway and TitaniumBackup. I still use the stock OnePlus 3T ROM. Wasn't expecting this at all.... Kinda suck. Will be interesting to see how many customers they lose. Julian Berger Not enough to change it back... 4Ui812 DRM has no place in our lives. I suspect Netflix will have a change of heart within 6 months. Branko Xiaomi phones say bye bye to Netflix. Google go fuck yourselves. Steve_Jobroni Go fucking buy a windows phone. 天地人 Seriously though Windows phones are great. The only problem with them is the lack of applications. Otherwise, it runs great on low-end hardware, has a great UI, the homescreen is innovative, synchronisation with Windows PCs is cool, etc. dukaki Don't forget that you can use the Netflix website on Edge instead of their shitty app, and it streams at full 1080p, even on my L650 with a 720p screen. 天地人 Wait the Netflix application hasn't an option to stream at FHD? dukaki Nope, just 480p like on android. The device has to be "certified" and there are no certified windows phones afaik. The WP app doesn't even have downloads yet, I think. Edit: Just checked, no option to download here but you can on the desktop app. EowynCarter Might end with a visit at the apple store in my case. Windows phone is kind of not supported anymore. Jimk4003 This is Netflix, not Google. Cyber_Akuma Google invented this SafetyNet crap, let anyone use it for any reason (Hell, Pokemon GO of all things started using it), and over the last year have been making it even more and more strict and unforgiving. So no, a HUGE part of the blame does lie on Google for being openly hostile towards rooted users and not giving a damn about them. Jimk4003 There are legitimate reasons to use Safetynet to check the integrity of a device: Android Pay (or banking apps in general) is one example. It isn't necessarily hostility to root users; it's just a reality that Google need to be able to demonstrate to banks or other third parties that their OS is secure, and that people can't bypass built in security safeguards. Netflix need to do the same with the studios they redistribute content for; and they've chosen to use Safetynet to do it. Netflix isn't a human right; you have no inalienable right to root your phone and to use Netflix. Cyber_Akuma Except that not even my own banking app uses SafetyNet, it still has root checking and certain sensitive features are disabled if I am rooted, but not the entire app. Furthermore, it IS hostility to rooted users, because anyone can toss SafetyNet into their app for any reason whatsoever (such as games using it "just because" in case of cheaters... which doesn't even help at all to stop them). Google has been completely unwilling to work out ANY sort of compromise or method that can keep a phone secure without basically tossing rooted users under the bus. Jimk4003 What sort of compromise do you envision? Cyber_Akuma I am saying that they didn't even try. PCs by default obviously allow admin accounts all the time, even as the main user account (as much as that is not recommended) yet can maintain security. Google when they were confronted with people who were hurt by SafetyNet, legitimate users mind you, basically just shrugged them off and didn't even bother considering what could be done to allow the device to remain secure while also having such safeties in place. I mean, all these apps that you can use on your phone, can also be used on a PC, many of them available in either a browser or native app format, yet it remains secure. There is no reason this could not be done with Android, especially considering it used Linux as a base, they are just refusing to even consider it. Jimk4003 Don't you already have that choice? Your phone is sold without root access (i.e. no admin rights), and you can then choose whether or not to root your device and gain elevated privileges. If you do choose to root your device, you will lose access to some Safetynet enabled applications. You can, of course, unroot if necessary. Cyber_Akuma First of all, not all phones are. Especially in non-US countries. Second, it shouldn't have to be a choice. How many PC apps refuse to run under an admin account? Practically none. I shouldn't have to choose between having root access or being able to use a apps that more and more are starting to add this nonsense to them. Third, it's not even just root, even having an unlocked BOOTLOADER now, even if your rom is 100% stock and unrooted, can trip SafetyNet, it didn't used to be that strict. It's ridiculous to claim one should be able to have one or the other, even SafetyNet could have been designed to not be this brokenly strict, but Google had no interest in doing so, and they are rapidly making having root more and more useless while we still have to deal with all the junk they force on your phone from the manufacturer... that you can only remove with root. Jimk4003 Well, it is what it is. You believe you shouldn't have to make a choice, whereas I believe life is all about making choices and living with the outcomes. We seldom get everything we want, and neither Netflix, nor rooting, are inalienable rights. Whether or not you think it should be a choice, it is one; choose what you feel is best for you. Cyber_Akuma That's not even an argument, that's just trying to claim that the status quo should remain for no reason other than it is the status quo. It shouldn't have to be a choice, and arguing that people have to choose between root and having an increasingly less amount of apps just because "it is what it is" is insanity. In fact, it wasn't even the status quo before until Google started pulling this nonsense with SafetyNet a short while ago. That doesn't mean people should just accept it. Jimk4003 It's not an argument, because there is no argument to be had. The reality of the situation is self-evident; you can't have a rooted device and install Netflix via Google Play. Accepting the status quo has nothing to do with it; it's simply acknowledging reality. You have to choose what's more important to you; Netflix or rooting your phone. Finding the reality frustrating, as you clearly do, won't make it any less real. If this was a serious discussion on human rights; censorship, migration, justice, gender equality etc., then it's important in a democracy to be aware of your rights and responsibilities, and challenge the status quo where necessary. But this isn't anything like that. This is two for-profit corporations, Google and Netflix, who provide services to which you have no fundamental right to access, nor any obligation to use. You can choose to pay for their services and accept their terms and conditions, or you can choose not to. You don't get to pick the terms and conditions of the service someone else is providing you; however you are free to not use the service if you don't like the terms and conditions under which they are provided. That's it; it's no simpler or more complicated than that. Ranting on the internet about how unfair you perceive it to be is irrelevant. Again, it is what it is. Cyber_Akuma Again, there is no "it is what it is" argument. There should be no choice, PERIOD. You are basically saying that people should not complain about this just because "it is what it is". No, it is NOT what it is, it should NOT BE what it is, and people can and WILL complain that it SHOULD NOT be what it is. You aren't even making any rational arguments anymore, just re-stating what the current situation is and then basically claiming that people should not want or expect better. Jimk4003 You can want or expect better if you like. Netflix, like every other for-profit enterprise in a capitalist system, will either succeed or fail based on its ability to turn a profit. Right now, Netflix is turning a profit, and clearly thinks it can be more profitable by excluding rooted users whose theoretical ability to circumvent DRM restrictions may impact its ability to secure rights to new content. Clearly you disagree with their stance, and the only way to see for sure if your disagreement is warranted is to watch their financial performance from here on out. None of the above changes the fact that you aren't entitled to Netflix. You've chosen to root your phone, and Netflix have recently chosen to exclude rooted users. That leaves you with a choice to make. Even if you think that choice is unfair, even if you think you should be able to have both. The reality is you can't have both, and you will have to choose. Again, Netflix isn't a right. Go elsewhere if you disagree with their business practices; that's how capitalism works. Beyond that, you're just having a spat with reality; and that's a tough fight to win ;) Cyber_Akuma Actually, what do you think would lose them more profits, the theoretical minority OF a minority that MIGHT rip movies on their phones (which still requires a Netflix account in the first place) or blocking that 25% minority? Also, drop this "right" nonsense. No, seriously, drop it right now. People are paying for a Netflix account, they DO have a right to get the service they paid for. Netflix made zero warning or mention of this impending block, they pulled it out of nowhere for paying customers. So sorry, but they DO have a right to the service, since they are paying for it. Sony was found to be legally in the wrong when they removed the OtherOS feature from the PS3, because why? Because people PAID for the console when it had that feature, they DID have a right to what they paid for. You're just having a spat with arguing for argument's sake when you don't even have an argument. Jimk4003 There is no argument; it's the reality of the situation. Netflix have implemented DRM controls that block access to the Netflix app via the Play Store on rooted devices. I do understand why Netflix want to tighten their DRM procedures, and I do understand why some people have been left frustrated by this change. The reality is, however, if you want to download the Netflix app via Google Play, you will need an un-rooted phone; such as the phones used by the majority of Android users. That's all that's happening. I get that you don't like it. But stamping your foot and shouting 'no fair, no fair' achieves nothing. Netflix are entitled to run their business how they see fit within the law; and consumers get to choose whether they want to give Netflix their business or not. That's all there is to it. Don't like the way Netflix do business; don't give Netflix your money. Cyber_Akuma All you are doing with the "it is what it is" argument is just repeating what the article is saying. That is not conductive to anything. Anyone who has read the article knows what is happening right now. And sorry, but you are doing the same stamping your foot with the "well, it is what it is" argument. Not to mention that you are also wrong, because over the last 5 or so years ALONE there have been dozens of examples of consumers speaking out against policies or DRM and the companies begin forced to reverse it from the backlash. So you are doing nothing but hurting legitimate users by trying to argue "it is what it is". And again, no, they are not entitled to run their business in a way that without warning locks customers out of what they paid for, Sony tried this... and got in legal trouble and lost. So sorry, but you are wrong, and you have been nothing but wrong this entire argument. Netflix isn't' "entitled" to do this, people DO have a reason to complain, there IS a reason to complain, complaining HAS changed such practices before, and all you are doing is further hurting legitimate users by attempting to insist the "it is what it is" non-argument. Your entire argument has been fundamentally wrong from the start. Jimk4003 It's not my argument; it's simply Netflix's position. I get you don't agree with it, but it's totally valid for Netflix to wish to strengthen their DRM procedures. You do know I'm not responsible for Netflix's decision making, right? It is what it is; I wouldn't get too upset about it. Cyber_Akuma Again, "it is what it is" is not a valid argument. Jimk4003 No it's not an argument. Again, there is no argument necessary; the reality of the situation is self-evident, and no amount of arguing here will change it. The fact is this; YOU rooted your phone. You weren't forced. You should have known that by rooting your phone you are modifying the device beyond its factory specification. You should have known that this essentially makes you responsible for the proper operation of the device; you no longer have the device manufacturer or Google to turn to when software that you have modified doesn't work as expected. You should also have known that rooting prevents a device from complying with the compatibility test suite, and that this can affect your devices ability to function correctly. You should have been aware of the SafetyNet API, and anticipated the fact that this API would be adopted more and more broadly as Google promoted its usage. You can't blame Google for this; as before, once you modify your device beyond its factory spec, you're responsible for supporting yourself. Rooting a device is at the owners risk. You've now found yourself in a situation where a modification you have made to your device prevents you from accessing a service you want to use. That's on you; no-one made you modify your device, no-one said they would take responsibility for the changes you have made to your device, and rooted users are expected to assume liability for any ramifications and complications they face as a result of their decision to modifying their device. Netflix are well within their rights to enforce DRM on their product by using the SafetyNet API provided by Google, and the Google documentation clearly states rooted devices will fail the CTS check. This documentation is publicly available. You went ahead and rooted your device anyway. That's on you. It's no-one elses job to make sense of the decisions you have taken. You're free to carry on using Netflix if you return your device to a state where the integrity of the device can be verified. Or you're free to carry on using a rooted device and living with the compromises that entails. Your choice. Cyber_Akuma I don't think you get it. All you are doing is parroting what the article is saying. Furthermore, despite there being plenty of examples of complaining doing EXACTLY what you claim it cannot do, that is to change such decisions, you keep repeating that "complaining will do nothing". You are a broken record, arguing the same "it is what it is" argument over and over so you can avoid actually thinking. An argument (and yes, no matter how much YOU stomp your feet that it is not, it IS an argument) that has already been disproven over and over and over. You also ignored that there are many countries where phones are already sold rooted, or how such things don't effect using such services on a PC with admin rights which are the same thing, or the dozens of other holes in your logic large enough to sail a ship through. There is no "you should have been aware" because this is a total lapse in common sense and my device is in no way incompatible from a hardware or software level, but rather, the app is purposely rejecting it. Furthermore, they made no prior warning whatsoever. This is like arguing "you should have known modern cars could be remotely disabled" if a dealership decides to just disable all cars with an aftermarket radio installed. I don't know where to even begin with all the broken wrong logic in that last post. Why are you even here if you couldn't care less? You are free to carry on being a living example of "First they came", but don't come crying about how nobody else is listening to you because you could not possibly be any more wrong. I DO have a right to use Netflix on my device, rooted or no, if I am paying for it. If you argue against this, you are wrong. People DO have a right to root their devices, if you argue against this, you are wrong. People DO have a right (and have many many MANY times in the past) to challenge the "it is what it is" status quo, if you argue against this, you are wrong. And I know you WILL argue against this, which will mean that, see above, you are wrong. I have been more than patient with your insane thick-headnedness. At this point I can't tell if you are being willfully ignorant or really are just that ignorant. Or just trolling, that is an option as well. There is no way anyone rational at this point can continue to argue the insanity that you have argued. Jimk4003 I interpret personal insults as an indicator that the individual making them no longer has any faith in their actual arguments, and so I think it's time to call time on this particular discussion. As you've pointed out, neither of us is getting anywhere. It's been fun, but once it starts getting abusive, the fun has to stop. It's a shame, because DRM Vs individual user rights has the potential to be a really interesting discussion topic. I hope you get what you're after; and that the reality of the situation will change to be more in line with what you think it should be. Unfortunately I imagine the situation regarding DRM and rooted devices will only get more restrictive going forward. Take care. Cyber_Akuma You purposely instigate people into losing their patience with you, and then claim "I win because you got angry", especially when the anger is because you were refusing to understand the entire argument throughout this entire mess. My1 even if you dont have any right to access netflix, the whole point of netflix and others is making it easier to use those than to do piracy but when netflix goes around branding the rooted users as pirates and blocking them, they sure arent helping their purpose. especially if netflix is (I dont have it so I didnt try) runs on VGA and DVI Screens (no HDCP) where you can just capture the stuff. I mean it's say same withz Bluray Playback on PC, in addition to needing a Bluray Drive, you need an HDCP Compliant Graphics card, bus encryption, and HDCP compliant Monitor, and not to forget You Piece of PowerDVD which you have to upgrade (aka buy again) every few years because the older versions dont get Key Updates. and then we have stuff like unskippable trailers and all the other bluntly said Bullshit when dealing with that. of course Piracy is easier, just download the file and play it on any device you want, no internet and nothing required and no problems. My1 and even if one piece of software wont run in an Admin account, with LUA even on Admin they arent having and privileges unless you kick in the UAC, and to top it, even if the app wont be running if I force it as admin, and only runs with active LUA concept, I can still run anything else as admin and screw the other software running as normal user over (cheatengine is the perfect example for this) Richard Markert Root is, by definition, unsecure. Any time you have userland processes that have access to ring0 you are inherently unsecure, as there are no restrictions placed upon running code at that point. Cyber_Akuma And yet, there are ways to run it securely on PCs. Netflix and online banking would not be available on PCs if it wasn't. My1 well but from another side, root can also be used to just patch any holes that were there. actually happened a few times before. My1 banking apps dont have a reason for a root check if they are done properly, i.e. TANs are generated with an air-gapped extra device. TANs on the phone are in general not safe and if the TAN is able to be generated offline, someone could use an exploit to root, steal the secret for TAN generation and boom, it's over. and dont even start thinking about sms-TAN, it's even worse. also when I just want to look into what my account is doing, I am not happy when I cant do so. My Bank (Hypovereinsbank) more or less recently blocked root and well I just RootCloaked that thing into oblivion and can do my stuff. but I'll probably change anyway since they sadly have no good way of TANs (just paper-based list-TANs, SMS and app) TedPhillips mostly agree. by providing a turn-key 'lockdown' check, and further by ret-conning it into playstore access (let's see how far they take that) -google is now openly hostile to anyone who bought into android for it's ability to customize and truly 'own' your own device. the open source roots of android was a big differentiator vs something like iOS, but now that they have dominate market position - they are walking away from that without concern. (only worrying about how slow they need to boil the frog to get away with it) meanwhile, what middle manager is going to say 'no' to adding safetyNet checks in their app or play store listing? it is an easy way for them to write down on potential risks, unjustified (which it pretty much always is) or not. blindexecutioner So the solution is to install from outside the play store. That's great for security. Way to go. Richard Markert No they don't. Since Windows 7, new and default users are not Admin accounts. koiulpoi Sorry, this is absolutely wrong. The first user created on a Windows PC has full administrative access, limited by UAC. You can still delete System32, it's just mildly harder than it used to be. If "new and default users" were not Admin accounts, they couldn't install software, so... Richard Markert Default user accounts are higher than Limited accounts, but not as high as Admin accounts. That's why they can install software. Linux users are not admins but can still install software, right? It started on Windows 7, expanded in 8/8.1 and now in Windows 10 a user account behaves just like a user account in Linux. It has no access to %systemdir% unless you manually go in the folder properties and give your user account Admin permissions to it. You can still run things AS admin by giving the permission at runtime, but since all that requires is pressing a button (if your built-in admin account isn't passworded, which it isn't by default, one step forward two back, sigh) and most users are too "stupid" to simply not press that button. koiulpoi It's really funny when people speak authoritatively about something they're so wrong about. The first account created by the Windows OOBE is automatically added to the Administrators group. This means they're an Administrator. They have Administrative privileges. The fact that certain actions are blocked until you click "yes" on a simple UAC prompt doesn't stop this; they're in "Admin Approval Mode", which can be disabled via GPO if you care to. If you buy a computer from Dell (example), set it up, then go to System32 and start deleting .dll files, it'll ask for administrative privileges, but you can click yes and away it goes! Some files are protected at "SYSTEM" level, which is higher than administrator, but DEFAULT USERS ARE ADMINISTRATORS. This has ABSOLUTELY nothing to do with the "password" on the built-in "Administrator" account. That account is disabled out-of-the-box. Please, you're digging a bigger hole trying to look "right". How to prove this: Set up a new computer. Set up user default for MS. Start -> Run -> netplwiz -> Be amazed that your user is part of the group "Administrators". TechGuy22 Haha kodi Doesn't matter to me I Stopped paying for Netflix long time ago. C64 Haha Teranium TV 😎 TechGuy22 I like that too. You can even get the mod one and remove the ads. Lol C64 I know, i always use those. I want to pay for the dev, but there's no option to do that. Koko time is coming with a big update to tim242 Thief. Renato Santos This is stupid. Congratulations, Netflix. Jan-Lk Else It is also getting more and more necessary to unlock / root devices due to missing updates etc. But I'm not a Netflix customer and won't become one. C64 Whahaha, this has to be the most retarded move of the year in any category (even Trump can't top this). I'm glad i don't use Old Crap Flix. A Person Hillary, then Netflix. C64 Nope sorry. Since Trump is your president i can't take America serious anymore A Person Timeout, you're not even a US citizen? No interest in your opinion. James F Wow. Just wow. I can't take you seriously either if that's how you treat people. Not cool, man. A Person "Wow, just wow"? When he can vote in our elections I'll take his opinions of our elections seriously. It is highly ill-informed anyhow. Paul Sterling A person wins! Marcelove Timeout, you are a Trump supporter? No interest in your opinion (neither anyone smart in the world). Roy Riddex Just so I'm clear on this, by unlocked are we talking about SIM unlocked? lomsha No no, unlocked bootloader. Roy Riddex Thanks Corbin Davenport Unlocked bootloader. pbergonzi I wonder how long they'll stick with that premise seeing as how much public opinion expressed here is against them. Screw them. Get the APK somewhere else or install magisk and hide your root. Too many people root their devices and have a good reason for doing so and Netflix should not penalize them. Doby Gillis Dude, normal people don't give a fuck about rooted phones. It's just the elitist twats who do it anymore. twiz0r Dude, you're an elitist twat. Richard Markert Most people who root seem to be. The sentiment among rooters is "if you don't root your phone, you're not as good as me and don't deserve to have a phone. Root you stupid noob!" twiz0r thanks for confirming your twatness. good day. C64 One word ..... Bullshit Corey Kinard I've yet to see that... Maybe you just feel like that because they do in fact know more than you? Richard Markert My first version of Android was 1.5. I've seen it for many years. How long have you been in the scene? My1 well at least a rooted phone is objectively better than a non rooted one, but relatively and subjectively speaking, if a non-rooted phone is good enough for someone then let it be so. EowynCarter My phone isn't rooted. And not compatible anymore ! Franco Fassio Unlocked bootloader maybe? EowynCarter Yes. But seam I can't lock it without wipe. So screw you Netflix. Marcelove Let me guess, your profile pic is that right? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0f0c4f3e3ce40074aebfe58d80511d4a0b7d4a94896ce54d82e448a1cd2e3ceb.jpg bruce lancaster Dude. It isn't just rooted phones - Also unlocked. Elitists get their iphones and galaxy s8s from att and verizon. Normal people get their devices from amazon, ebay, newegg, gearbest etc. Jimk4003 I'm sure Netflix are terrified that the tiny fraction of Android users who come to this site, and the similarly tiny fraction who root their phones, are bothered. The rest of the world won't care. bruce lancaster An article in Wireless Week (cellphone industry rag) a couple of months back says it's now a majority of phones in Asia that are unlocked and Europe is getting pretty close to 50/50. US passed 30% unlocked around Christmas. People aren't getting their phones from ATT, Verizon, etc any more now that they have to pay full retail and don't get a free or heavily discounted flagship device with contract renewal. They are getting them from Amazon, Gearbest, Newegg, etc and moving their sim. If I owned stock in Netflix right now, I'd sell it quick on this news. Everything that isn't already mobile is going mobile. Alienating half the European market and 30% of the US market is asinine. Fedup Yup. Ditched my flagship Samsung phone for a 'budget' Moto G5 Plus that is 100% compatible with all four US carriers (and their dozens of MNVOs). Swapping providers is as easy as changing the sim. And despite the slower spec'ed hardware, the carrier bloat-free Nougat is WAY faster than my TW Galaxy phone - and the battery life is INSANE. C64 Probably 90 % of the people don't know what root is. Almost every person I know owns an Android device, but i'm the only geek who flashes and roots his devices bruce lancaster It isn't just rooted phones but also unlocked phones. Got your phone on amazon? Got it on ebay? Got it from gearbest? Got it from newegg? Yup. No netflix for you without jumping through enough hoops that you'll actually know about rooting by the time you get it done. Fedup Are we conflating a carrier-unlocked vs. bootloader unlocked phone? They are two distinctly different things, and I doubt that having a carrier-unlocked phone (i.e. using a TMO phone on ATT, or VZ on Sprint) has any impact on SafetyNet or Widevine. pbergonzi Judging from the posts here it looks like nobody who roots their phone uses Netflix anyway so I guess it's moot. But the outcry sure did get them a bunch of free publicity. T4rd This is what Magisk is for. Pretty sure if I can still use Android Pay with my rooted 6P, I can still use/update Netflix through the Play Store. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Magisk still requires that you unlock your bootloader, which is enough to trigger safety net these days, so that won't work. TechGuy22 You don't know how magisk works do you Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ I understand that Magisk is a great tool for modifying my system without actually modifying it. I understand that there are many modules that allow you to do things like hide root, bypass security modules, skin your system, and plenty of other things. What I don't understand is how you can install magisk without unlocking your bootloader. Back when I originally tried it out with pokemon go, it worked well for a while, but eventually even just having my bootloader unlocked was all it took to throw SafetyNet. If that's not an issue anymore, then great! But maybe say that instead of being snarky. Thomas Gladdines Bootloader can be simply locked after rooting and installing a custom recovery. Edwin O. Lol no You could, but then you can't flash anything with said recovery... So no point Thomas Gladdines LOL the recovery doesn't stop working after a bootloader is locked, only fastboot won't flash images but the recovery can do whatever it wants to, update the rom, edit system files etc. Thomas Gladdines That's nonsense, the recovery works fine with or without a locked bootloader. Only fastboot won't work but that's only needed when you don't have a custom recovery to flash images. Muzzy996 Well as an example for the Google Pixel: https://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=71901761&postcount=454 In this case all it takes is a kernel that supports Magisk and hides the fact that the bootloader is unlocked, at which point with Magisk Hide enabled all root and SafetyNet checks pass. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Excellent. I'll have to look back into this then, last time I used magisk it wasn't as capable, glad to see it's come this far. sbeaulieu Magical Hide is there for that Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Can Magical Hide hide that my bootloader is unlocked? Serious question, not being sarcastic or snarky as I was below. sbeaulieu It does make the SafetyNet check pass iJeggu Magisk itself doesn't hide an unlocked bootloader it only hides root but must custom roms simply delete the verifiedbootstate -flag which in turn makes safetynet pass even with an unlocked bootloader. Some older devices don't have this flag in their kernels in the first place so safetynet will accept that the flag is missing. Link to the patch that most custom roms (kernels to be specific) have to pass safetynet: https://github.com/sultanxda/android_kernel_oneplus_msm8996/commit/abc05b16bbd33521c2fffaf491c5657a94bfcfc5 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5b1ff3f47e32d5f57ddadcd650a5b94725bd4e6242cea92e269f51e988d0d426.png T4rd Except it's working for me right now... jonzey231 This has been happening for a week now. I tweeted it to Ruddock a few days ago. Just didn't put together that it was because I was unlocked. https://twitter.com/jonzey231/status/862122438125072384 steelew Google really needs to start stealing from the root community the way apple takes from the jailbreak community. It feels like rooting is way down except for a few (legal) use cases. If it weren't for visual tweaks & usability tweaks, I would have no need to root (personally). This kind of stuff starts to make rooting unpleasant. I already can't use fingerprint auth in my banking app any more because root. Jesús Cuenca They do. I used rooms for like 8 years maybe? And a lot of the "new features" always come of the rom or root comunity. Right now i use roms, but not root. Marcelove I'm trying to stay indoors, but is complicate... Greenify for example, works at no root devices nowadays... But is way better with root and Xposed... Doze can't compare against Greenify... Maybe at version number 20 root wouldn't be necessary... Sandeep Raghuraman What about the version downloaded from Amazon app store though? Does that work fine? TwoBit Gary It worked, but it is old version without show downloads. Go to apkmirror oculairmedia Interesting move. I flashed a custom ROM on my Nexus 6 because stock was so slow that it was getting unusable, but screw me right ? Atoqir In my country lots of stuff doesn't work on unrooted devices. My bank app, payment app and local cable TV and digicorder app all stopped working. Also s-health doesn't work anymore and soon Netflix. Time to unroot Marcelove "Time to unroot" Sheep. Richard Markert Rooting is insecure. You don't need to access the system partition except to break things. Benjamin Walburn If that were the case then this wouldn't be an issue. Nobody is looking to break their phone. Richard Markert Few people I've talked to online know what they're doing when it comes to root. Most of those end up breaking things. Rooting is far too easy and probably shouldn't exist at all. Benjamin Walburn You could say the same about anything, not just modification of phones. Maybe you shouldn't own a car if you can't fix it yourself, or have kids if you aren't a doctor. Rooting isn't easy, it's made easy by the hard work of other people. It's not up to you what other people do with their property, you have no right to say that they shouldn't. And if someone breaks their phone, what does it have to do with you? It's their hobby and their phone. You're not their daddy. senoredusty Or use Magisk DJMix No need. You could use magisk su hide for the moment. it still passes the safetynet. I too use a banking app that cannot be used on normal root proocess faceless128 "please stop giving us money and use Kodi instead" Sounds like a great business plan! JD For the sake of Kodi's developers don't say Kodi in that context. ericshmerick Hrmm, every time I hear Kodi, I think of pirated content. Guess when people are like "I use Kodi for my 30TB media collection" I stop and wonder how... Yes, ripping a lifetime of DVDs, but nah. Probably piracy. C64 I know a few how really use it legally Powsniffer0110 Yea I use it legally 95% of the time. ErectBipedal nah man, I use Kodi to browse my 30TB of linux isos. Totally legit I swear. Chazz Matthews Torrents are legal too. Just depends on the content. Mike Honestly though, if pirate add-ons wern't available on kodi, 98% of the people using it now would not have even heard of it before. Even bad publicity is good publicity. They are not going to publicly come out and say it, but the add-on's are the only reason they're well known. Andy Roid But kodi makes piracy so easy! Blian Oh god, please stop. Nobody is using Kodi for their DVD rips. Railwayman I rather say Fusion and Exodus et al instead since Kodi is... Kodi and you have to install what you want. The Netflix business plan is for her more people on Exodus, Phoenix and SALTS - not to mention Terrarium TV and MovieBox as well. Kevin Strident Kodi is open source. If Kodi stops wanting to be as useful as it is now, someone will fork it and keep it doing what its users enjoy. cbstryker Kodi is just an open source media player. To watch any pirated content you either need to download it or install an unaffiliated plugin that streams from pirated sources. C64 Next kodi wil have drm build in. So people have to use forks. I stopped using kodi since i found Teranium TV. cbstryker That makes zero sense. Kodi's reason for existing would stop. C64 That's BS my friend, Kodi (xbmc) has started on the original xbox and was made and used as a media player My1 actually it depends on how the build the DRM, if it's made to be only active when you are for example streaming netflix and does nothing for local content, which for sure can be legal (e.g. ripping DVDs in finland is no problem because CSS is not considered an "effective" protection method ever since 2007) although if the DRM would be everywhere it wouldnt be funny. Justin D Same...but with Plex and something else >.> Dany Lol I know right? I was using Kodi more than Netflix anyway so... Dmitry Stepanushkin Xposed + RootCloak or something similar will do it for most of apps for those who need root. So I think not a big problem. Abhishek Saral Not a big problem but a big annoyance. tehboogieman Hmm, rootcloak isn't working for me with netflix m477 No, it won't work. Safetynet always fails if you have closed activated, or if you just have an unlocked bootloader. Sometimes even by just having adb debugging turned on. My1 debugging is a joke right? If it's not WHAT ARE THEY DOING? I mean debugging is a core part of developing and any developer probably has it active m477 I've only seen it working like that once, so it might be an isolated case. Kan☆n MagiskSU and its manager app comes with a very good hider built-in. No Xposed needed. h4rr4r Beyond pointless. Netflix won by being easier than piracy, this threatens to turn back the clock on that. Lexster These companies don't seem to get that most people pirate because it's easier/cheaper than buying what they want. Yes, it's wrong, whatever, the point is streaming services made it easier for people, which outweighed the hassle of pirating it. You're right, this kind of thing is what will get people to start doing it again more. BobButtons If I can't use Netflix on my rooted phone, it's Netflix that'll go, not the root. They're encouraging piracy. Actually l like bezels Why? What do you get with root? BobButtons Primarily for system level ad-blocking. None of the non-root options can even compare. I refuse to allow ads when they have the ability to fill the entire screen and vibrate the phone. Even with being able to block ads, I still purchase the ad-free option of apps I support. YaKillaCJ Exactly. Screw it, I only have Netflix for convenience. This will also have negative impact on many devices and average consumers even if they never unlock or root. A lot don't have Google certification, such as upcoming OEMs. Then theirs beta roms like Xiaomi and OnePlus that run awesome. Marcelove Funny thing: I was about to become a subscriber of Netflix after seeing House of Cards by PirateBay but now through the official channel because I thought that Netflix deserved my money... Look : deservED... But this movie will keep me at PirateBay... Funny thing 2: I have a Moto G5 that I could unlock and root and I didn't it just because I wanna see how things are nowadays without root... And I use a lot of apps that would work better with root (Greenify for example)... So I would be able to use Netflix... And I won't and will stay that way only because this douchebag move... Congratulations Netflix... Funny thing 3: So happy that I waited till House of Cards release to become a subscriber... Netflix should learn something from Frank Underwood... And from Blockbuster... tim242 Yeah, sure you were. Once a thief, always a thief. koiulpoi This is the most untrue statement I've read on this website. Thomas Elephants can fly 天地人 http://gadling.com/2012/06/10/airline-transports-herd-of-african-elephants-photos/ koiulpoi Nice! You matched it. 天地人 Yes, because illegally pirating from huge corperations which constantly attempt to and successfully brainwash people into agenda using various tricks, is somehow bad? You're not supporting the creators of the show, sure. But you're also not supporting the 6 Jewish companies that control 90% of American media. Anyways, with your little money you wouldn't be benefitting anybody. Do you honestly think those Jewish companies are dying to get a hold of your $120 you payed for Netflix this year? Probably not. The creators of the show, are well off anyways. Don't companies pay them to have their content on their platform and pay for their production cost and wages? Then; they've already been payed. I'm not endorsing piracy. It isn't the best thing to do, but I think calling people a "thief" and grouping them with people who have actually stolen things off individuals which mean a lot to the individual and murdered some individuals in the process, is just stupid. It's not the same as 'stealing' bits of 1s and 0s. Again, I'm not endorsing piracy, however there are a lot of good reasons to pirate movies and TV shows. Paul Sterling You're a thief. People leave their families for months to give you works of art. Games, movies, music. You can't throw them a few bucks? I'm legit, always will be. Also, tax helps everyone. Your wall of text is just trying to convince yourself, thief. 天地人 Nope. A thief is different from a pirate, besides, they've already been payed. And I was talking about TV shows and movies, but you're too dense to realise it. jj14x Not the same. If I spend time writing code for software, and decide to sell a monthly license instead of a perpetual license, that is my choice. Your choice should be to either subscribe to the monthly license, or to find a competitor software to use instead. Choosing to bypass the licensing checks makes you a thief (taking something without the owner's permission makes you a thief). And same logic applies to TV shows/movies. If you want to own the movie and watch it whenever you want it, BUY it. "illegally pirating from huge corperations which constantly attempt to and successfully brainwash people into agenda using various tricks, is somehow bad?"<-- YES - it is still illegal. Just because somebody stole your car doesn't mean you can go and steal that person's car in retaliation. There are laws and procedures on how to handle that. STDog Illegal != bad, legal != good. Thousands of unjust laws have been passed. They made actions illegal that were not bad. My1 well yeah if you actually bypass the thing you are a pirate (not a thief because stealing != illegal copy) but branding people pirates and making the software refuse if something that MIGHT be used for piracy is on the device isnt not better. 天地人 Theft is when I take your bike and it's gone and you do not have a bike anymore. When I pirate, are you losing your software or your right to sell your software? Plus, if you actually developed software, I'd probably pay for it since you aren't some big corporation. Richard Markert It's trickle-down, man. Think about if everybody thought like you. Netflix has 100 million subs and each pay at the minimum $107/yr and that's 10.7 billion. Now if that 10.7 billion were wiped out in an instant, how is Netflix going to make new shows or seasons of existing shows? It's the same with the rest of the content creation business. You and me, we're just a drop in the bucket when it comes to their revenue, but instead of scooping it out a spoonful at a time while adding water by the cup, somebody dumped the bucket over, there would be no money left to pay the content creators before content is even made. 天地人 Of course it depends on what you're watching. The same ideology cannot be applied to everything. Railwayman I guess you like DRM and proprietary vendor lock in? The only moral of the story is: Pay for legit services then and watch posted content - the creators get paid and you get proper content without restrictions. The day the industry realize that DRM, geo blocking and so forth are counter productive will be historic. My1 well I would and I do give my money for legal media consumption when possible but when some things have region locks, meaning I cant import them or other stupid Ideas like Netflix not doing rooted devices, I certainly wouldnt like giving money for something I cant use. My1 not really. I have streamed and/or downloaded stuff in the past (coz not available here) just to buy their blurays years after when it finally came to germany Fedup Love my Moto G5 Plus. Best phone I've had so far - and that's coming from a number of Samsung flagship phones. It's so much snappier and the battery life is insane. I waited a full 48 hours before caving and unlocking/rooting. Haven't looked back. I hate ads, and w/o root, you can't miracast to anything other than chromecast. Trysta Noticed this a little while ago. The crazy thing is I'm not even rooted or interested in any mods. I needed to sideload the latest version 7.1.2 because my RMA Nexus 6p refused to update on its own. I'm keeping the bootloader unlocked so I can recover if my phone boot loops. I rarely use Netflix on my phone but this is kind of annoying. I suspect this has something to do with offline movie watching (which is amazing). jj14x You don't need to unlock bootloader to sideload the full OTA images that Google publishes on their website. Tim Harman But you do need it to recover in your phone bootloops, as he said. jj14x True, but by that logic, everyone should keep their phone's bootloader unlocked all the time (because a bootloop, in theory, could happen to anyone/anytime) - not just when flashing a factory image. My1 but doesnt the actual unlock wipe everything? EowynCarter You don't ? Had to when installing a developper preview. Then I left it that way, so I won't be locked out in case of boot loop. TedPhillips or when you have some random block on disk get corrupted, ala nexus 9. ilovetesla Dumbest blocking I've ever heard Bruce Wayne I stopped rooting ages ago. Android has gotten so good that I don't need it anymore. Muzzy996 Good for you! Not everyone feels the same though, I know I sure don't. Tasker, Adaway, Greenify, Titanium, Substratum and GMD Gesture Controls are all more important to me than Netflix. The day Netflix stops working on my rooted devices (which are what I watch it on, not my TV) is the day I'll cancel my service. No big loss compared to losing root. Richard Markert Tasker is interesting but never felt the need for it. Adaway, titanium are both irrelevant on my S7, I despise gestures beyond simple swiping in the Cardinal directions, and if stock Android is so perfect why do you need to theme it? C64 I have a s7 edge and the stockrom is full of bloatware from Microsoft, Sansung and Google. More than 20 useless apps are included. So yes the s7 needed root. tim242 Wrong. Package Disabler, no root required. Richard Markert No, it doesn't. Everything not necessary for function is disableable. C64 You can't disable everything Muzzy996 Never said android is perfect, if it was there wouldn't be any competition in the market or users such as myself who feel the need to customize Android. Root is not something I push onto others, its just something that I want on my devices and I make choices about what services I use or devices I purchase based upon my ability to do it. Railwayman I take that you like ads, then? Using a non-rooted Samsung without Taller would be like using a feature phone again but with ads. Having an automated device without ads and bloat is certainly a basic requirement to me. Richard Markert Adhell and Disconnect pro. What's an ad? Railwayman I don't see any ads on my Ericsson GF388 either. Don't have to install a single piece of software in order to get there. Ericsson win, Samsung loose.:) Your Samsung still has Google ad services and so forth running even if you are blocking them on the "non root level". My devices are completely ad free with Google ads disabled system wide and in all apps. Samsung loose every time even if their followers are trying to find different "non root methods" to "solve" things that other devices do without any issues due to... root. kostas110 maybe if you use some 500+ euro smartphone from 2016-2017 something that not everyone can do C64 I disagree, Android is one big advertising if you don't use root. Apps have ads (not every app has a pro version), internet browsing sucks without Adaway (build in ad blockers in browsers aren't great), YouTube really sucks if it isn't modded (watch a 30 second ad for a 3 minute movie). And devices are full of bloatware that can't be removed without root. Even the Google stuff are bloatware (kiosk, movies,music,books etc). I also like to remove alot of system apps and replace them with my own apps that i prefer (file manager, agenda, email, music/ video player) and i really hate duplicate apps on my devices. Also Titanium Backup is important to me. So Android​ without root isn't Android for me. jetscreamer01 I use adguard to block stupid ads in my apps. Now using any commercial apps is enjoyable. Richard Markert Samsung's Internet has the Adblock extension and it literally blocks everything. I also use Disconnect Pro and Adhell for system-wide ad blocking. Titanium Backup I never really used even back when I was rooting phones - it has been replaced 100% by Smart Switch. But then, I haven't needed to restore a backup (except for switching devices) in years, probably because I don't run janky community junkroms. Muzzy996 The only reason you feel that Smart Switch completely replaces Titanium is because you never used other features of Titanium that go beyond what Smart Switch is intended for. Things like shortcuts to freeze/defrost apps, multiple version backups or market management are useful to some even if they're on rooted stock OEM ROMs. They're not must haves for the masses though but some of us do appreciate their usefulness. Cyber_Akuma I hate this response. If anything, I have found far more reasons to root than ever before. Being able to create a backup image and install security/tracking software tat can't just be wiped/uninstalled easily is a big one for example. Captain_Invisible But you don't even need to root to get blocked. Just using a custom ROM or having an unlocked bootloader triggers it.. DJMix I really couldn't understand these kind of stupid moves. I mean I kinda get for an Android Pay or some banking apps to implement these limitations. But seriously, a frickin' streaming app? Afraid they're gonna get pirated? For someone who's going to pirate, they probably could just probably reverse engineer the apk and remove the limitations or basically use older apps. Do they really have some idle engineers that they're forced to implement useless feature? ddevito Guess I'll just pirate it all soon. Their loss. JD Fuck Android If OEMs would fucking provide updates for 5 years I wouldn't need to unlock my bootloader. I'm out. I'll come back when Google fixes this shit. Also fuck Netflix. Back to pirating it is. Christopher Bement My app stopped working on my N7 when I sideloaded 5.0. Got an error when trying to play anything. I went and dropped it back to stock on the latest patch and relocked the bootloader. All working fine now. Too fucking bad, Nougat is fantastic on that device, leaps and bounds better than Marshmallow. tehboogieman Which ROM and which N7 do you have? I still have the stock ROM on my 2013 N7 LTE and have been procrastinating loading an N ROM on it Christopher Bement 2013 LTE version and I was using Nitrogen OS (fantastic and stable ROM). I am now on the latest Marshmallow just so that Netflix will work. tehboogieman As long as I can side load it and sign in I'm still ok. It's a pain, but I'd live with that. But if NF blocks root users from signing in, I'm definitely cancelling and just use one of the very easy pirate apps. Fedup As long as you can side load... Sure. But going from "hidden app in the Play store" to "sideloaded app won't run" is probably on the menu. Wayne Randall I just signed up for Netflix so I could cancel it. I'm part of the group. tim242 You paid them... Richard Markert Hahahahahaha I don't even use Netflix on my phone (screen is too small) so I don't care. But man, the tears and butthurt from the root community is hilarious. Benjamin Walburn You're a very petty child. Richard Markert When something makes me laugh, I point it out. I do that even have a dog in this hunt. I only watch Netflix on my 75" LED TV. I'm just tired of root users smugness. Almost as smug as apple users. Benjamin Walburn You're tired of people being smug in their hobbies, so you gloat about the problems inflicted on them pointlessly? Petty and a hypocrite. Richard Markert What else am I supposed to do to remove the smugness? My name is…. Get a life maybe? Benjamin Walburn Why should you? Is another person's happiness really that painful for you? You already know that they accomplished nothing more than "successfully followed instructions." It seems like your purpose would be better served by targeting that, not just being a jerk. Humbling them is one thing, being an ass is another entirely. tim242 You sound like the petty child. Stomp your foot, becauseyou don't get your way. Benjamin Walburn Not only am I not doing that, I'm not not getting my way, and "stomping​ my foot" is not an example of pettiness. Your wrongness-density is impressive. My name is…. Who beat you as a child? Richard Markert Lol koiulpoi You're on androidpolice.com... making fun of the root community... and unable to see past the end of your nose... Don't you have anything better to do? Richard Markert Actually, no. I read Android police because they have the best coverage of software. koiulpoi I didn't realize I replied to you twice. You're all over this article, with really, nothing better to do, huh? Richard Markert Yeah, I'm bored. I'm probably done stirring shit up anyway, today is water change day on my fish tanks. lomsha Tard Railwayman Are you one of those Samsung Apologists that argue against root and proudly tell everyone about the perfection known as Grace UX... just to install Package Dsabler Pro because... something disturb all "perfectness" of their system? Trying to be an "anti-social elitist" is like proudly use Simple Finder on a Mac and tell everyone that you don't need the regular Finder.;) Richard Markert I use Samsung, but only because it offers the best mix of software and hardware for me. And package disablers are garbage. Railwayman I avoid Samsung like a plague because of Knox 0x1 Warranty Void, Grace UX (TW...) and pretty ugly hardware not to mention the software design, which looks like a cheap toy, both colors, design and all S-This and S-That they preinstall. Don't forget DT Ignite so the carriers can add their share. It is always amusing when the Samsung Apologist proudly claim how good it is to live without root and how "mature Android has become" when they are talking about a heavily modified fork of it. If Samsung could replace Google Play with Galaxy Apps, they would. The only thing restricting them from further modification is the CTS in order to be able to use Play. An unrooted Samsung running Grace? It would be like having a feature phone again. Way too many annoyances and no way of making it more pleasurable since the whole thing is... Samsung. The only area where there are some reminiscence of Android is under the About box. Samsung is a disgrace not to mention a complete parody on the concept of an Android device. Not to mention their followers who recently "spotted" the bezel less display (introduced by Sharp and LG followed by Xiaomi) because... the S 8 got it AND suddenly made it a "requirement". The most kind thing I can say about that brand is this: Samsung is for the Android device and platform what McDonald's is for the thing called food.;) There are way better devices available. Buying a Samsung is like getting a Big Mac (the difference is that the Big Mac buyers doesn't claim its superiority - while Samsung buyers always try to claim how "superior" their devices are). Richard Markert Everything in your first paragraph is purely subjective. I find the design of the Pixel to be ugly, boring and derivative. AOSP design language doesn't appeal to me. I also think Samsung's software suite is better than Google's. My 935U doesn't have DTIgnite, but my 935V does...as does the Verizon branded V20, Moto Turbo2, etc. DTIgnite is a Verizon thing. Bezel less phones are sexy, for sure. That Sharp device was a Sharp device, and the Xiaomi has a CDMA radio so I could use it on Verizon , but just can't justify buying a thousand dollar device from China. It is stupidly gorgeous though. I use Samsung because I like the software design. I like the functionality of the base is and apps, and I like the S-app suite. I really miss my Note 7, and I'll be swapping up to a Note 8 when it's out. Don't get me wrong, Samsung phones have their negatives - chief among them is the fragile design and the screen edge touch rejection sucks ass. But for me, the positives outweigh the negatives. Other phones have bigger negatives for me. No IP68, no uSD card, no wireless charging, no SAMOLED display. Phone preference are always subjective. Somebody will always have a reason to pick one over another. Tell me, if Samsung is a "parody" of the concept of an Android device, what is your description of the perfect Android device? I'm guessing it's the Pixel. Railwayman Pixel is an ugly iPhone clone. The best Android device so far would be something like a Xiaomi Mi Mix running Resurrection Remix or similar ROM or something like a Mi Max but with perfection added through a Snapdragon 835, 256GB storage plus microSDand 6-8GB RAM paired with a 1440p 6.44" display or even 4K. 5000-6000 mAh battery. My Xiaomi Mi Max is excellent but would be even better with the aforementioned hardware (I can't fault is existing hardware but I am taking about a new model). A keyboard flipcover would be a great accessory as well. There are no device yet worthy of the perfect moniker yet but my Max is the best thing so far in my collection beside the Nokia Communicators and HTC TP2 and HD2 and also the Xperia Z Ultra when I do the holistic judgment. IP68? Sony all the way to me if I really insist. MicroSD? No need for a Samsung in order to get it. Yes, Samsung is a kind of a parody of an Android device die to their heavy modifications, restrictive policies, low price /performance ratio, carrier branding and Knox 0x1 Warranty Void. The upcoming OnePlus 5 looks promising - they usually get their things right. MicroSD on that one as well.;) If Samsung make a device without any BS such as restrictions, carrier links paired with good price / performance ratio I would be interested. Let's call it a Note Pro. What I don't like with Samsung are all Apologists making excuses for their policies. I have nothing against them as a company or production. They can make excellent products but their policies stop them right now. It is too much McDonald's mainstream and too little class at this time. Carrier devices are typically too mainstream than the unlocked ones. My1 well knox flag is annoying but I honestly like my Galaxy Note 4 which is the last good Samsung in my opinion becase anything later either doesnt have microSD, doesnt have a swappable batter or doesnt have both (Galaxy S6 for example) but these are 2 very important things and I really like some parts of the samsung rom, although a lot of other parts (e.g. the launcher) are junk and get replaced instantly, also root makes the thing work as I want. and well many non samsung devices use the on-screen navigation bar, one thing I despise after having a horrible experience on my tablet. and (at least outside of samsung) the fiun goes on with removing the headphone jack which is something on my absolute instant KO list for phones. I dont see the point of a digital sound connection on a phone because sound itself is analog by definition and I think the DAC in a multi-hundred euro device is better than in some cheap headphones. and not to forget the features. samsung had many features WAY earlier than AOSP did, which certainly doesnt make it so much better at least from this viewpoint, although aosp is certainly getting better with every version. but even though I like my note 4 I must say that it is by no means perfect. everything is better and worse than others if you put the right requirements in. MadMartigan What are are you, seven? me me A primary reason to root is to run adblock because Google is way too greedy. So the irony, Google's greed means there's less reason to pay for NetFlix. Let me guess... shall we? Google Play Movies still works right...? Oh yes, so long as Google makes their money.... tim242 I block ads with Adguard. No root required. Mike | Homeless On Wheels People still use Netflix? Bit Torrent is your friend. dizel123 Exactly. Everyone should stop using Netflix. Not sure how I'm gonna get the shows i currently watch on Netflix from bit torrent since they won't be made anymore once Netflix is shut down, but at least I'll have my bit torrent friend tim242 Some people like to do things properly. Railwayman You mean - Do it with DRM? You can't buy whatever device you want because a content provider disagree. You can't use the system you want because a content provider disagree. You can't use the app you want because a content provider disagree. I need a lot of apps, ads and limitations for the so called "proper way" . The "improper way" is Samsung free, ad free and bloat free - and I don't need several apps because I have just one or two streaming apps, one media player, one book reader and so on. Fast and efficient system to boot. I think I prefer to do things "improperly". Richard Markert >The "improper way" is Samsung free, ad free and bloat free - and I don't need several apps because I have just one or two streaming apps, one media player, one book reader and so on. Fast and efficient system to boot. *sigh* I bet you think deleting the APKs from /system actually gives you more space in /data, too. Railwayman Perhaps you can tell me the benefit of having Kindle, Kobo and Nook instead of MoonReader for everything. The benefits of having an uprooted system, Netflix, Hulu and a couple of apps for different cable services instead of having just one media center would also be interesting to know more about. When we are at it: Why would I want to use a 3GB+ Samsung ROM when Resurrection Remix are 600 MB and the G-Apps around 340 MB? Richard Markert I dont use any of those. Phones are too small for media consumption. I don't have any video streaming or playback apps on my phone. Nor do I have book readers, but why wouldnt I want Kindle? It's the only way to access the Amazon library... Oh wait, I forgot, you do that believe in compensating content creators. Resurrection remix, really? If I put that on my S7 edge, I'd be wiping out half the hardware's capabilities in one blow. No Samsung pay, no edge panels, no pro mode camera, no AOD, no game tools, no GearVR. And im sure none of the little things I've come to expect in my UI, like direct calling and sliding a contact to call/txt. But I can move the clock to the other side of the notification shade, woohoo! Oh and does the installer for RR rom repartition the file system? Because if not, /system will still be 3gb, not 600mb. And on top of that, I'm immediately reminded of iOS when I looked at their screenshots. Railwayman So RR looks like iOS? Interesting. It looks like Android with Material Design on my device. I buy Kindle books but send them through a plug-in since the Kindle app pretty much suck in comparison with MoonReader. Sometimes I also buy from Google Play Books and it is also a trip through the plug-in for them and then into the MoonReader library. You see - DRM is a stupidity that must go way unless they create a device wide scheme so any app can authenticate and show or play back the content. I understand that Samsung phones are too small for media consumption. A 6.44-7 inch display is different - it works comfortably without the heft of a 10-12 inch tablet. Small displays below 6-6.3 inches are just too small. So your listed features of your Samsung are hardware? They certainly sound like software to me. Or do you seriously believe that Samsung use co-processors in their device like Commodore did on the Amiga? I can assure you that your Samsung contain standard hardware with a lot of subcontracted components, especially in the US market where they even use Qualcomm CPUs. Samsung Pay? Why would I use an OEM dependent payment system? My credit cards follow a standard, why should I pick myself into a specific device OEM just to pay? It makes no sense. It is like having a car that only runs on Citgo gas or a 4" Visa card requiring different terminals than my 4.5" MasterCard. Mobile payments will be a thing when a standard are in place. Payment systems requiring me to lock myself into a specific OEM just suck. Edge panels? Don't see the need. Don't like Edge displays with their optical side effects. Flat display or just slight roundness on the edges like the BlackBerry PRIV here. Pro Mode Camera? I prefer to have the Open Camera API so any app can get RAW from the sensor and do their thing rather than locking myself into the default camera app. I prefer Camera FV-5 or A Better Camera etc. The Snap Camera is good too. Always on display? Can set it up on my device but don't see the need when there are things such as Active Display and a lot of other options. Game tools? I don't see any problems with gaming on other Android versions so I just don't see what Samsung can add in this regard. Gear VR? Why would I want to strap my device to my face when there are dedicated VR headsets available for gaming consoles and computers? I certainly prefer to have a full headset rather than using my device as one. Call features? They could be good but carrier calling is old fashioned. I use Google Voice instead and wouldn't consider going back to carrier talk and text. Don't see any benefit with having a phone number tied to a carrier of SIM card. Having more than one for different purposes on the same device without SIM dependency is the modern way. I don't know if RR repartition Samsung devices so you have to check XDA. That brand is probably the worst when it comes to ROMs anyway and a lot of my dislike of them are related to that particular issue. Samsung is nothing more than the Big Mac of Android devices and no Gear VR or Samsung Pay (it is like having a McDonald's Pay) really change anything. A mainstream device with mainstream design with too many round edges and corners not to say fragile, batteries that wear out fast due to lower quality and fast charge (which stresses the cells heavily), a software design looking "something" , bloat ware, carrier BS such as bloat ware and also the price model, Knox and root/ROM restrictions, locked bootloadern - the list goes on and on. Mainstream degenerated art is what Samsung represents. But I know the existence of people who don't believe in freedom of choice other than the freedom of buying their Samsung from their carrier and then happily oblige and reduction imposed to them all the way down to the SIM card dependent phone number and roaming charges when they travel.;) They also consider Samsung Pay to be the best thing ever - a payment system that only work on a particular OEM. It really is like a car that require Citgo gas and is unable to run on Exxon or Esso fuel. Samsung just are the Big Mac of Android devices. There are just nothing "classy" over such a carrier mainstream brand. If you want to know what luxury are? Look at Vertu. Richard Markert A 7" device is too small. My tablets start at 10" minimum , and go to 12" maximum. Content consumption is unpleasant on anything smaller, and I barely watch anything on a display smaller than one of my 24" computer displays. Yes, you're right almost all of them are software features, but they are locked out when you put a junkrom on there. And Samsung Pay? Well, call me when Android Pay is compatible with magstripe readers. My bank still doesn't support Android Pay that I know of, either. GearVR. How shall I put this? Computer VR is currently overpriced - unless you want to go ahead and buy me a $600 headset, a pair of controllers @ $130 each, AND you still need to buy me a $1400 PC to run VR titles at an acceptable framerate, because while my laptop can still run AAA titles at high framerates and 1080p, it can't do VR that good. My GearVR cost me $50, it's a convenience thing, every VR title is locked 60fps, the graphics are "good enough" and I can even take calls from VR with my Bluetooth headphones. I don't care about Google Voice. Or any sort of data-based calling. US data networks are still too unstable and limited. I am pretty much guaranteed to be able to make a call anywhere I can see at least the tiniest bit of 1x signal, but if the data network is gone, or you used all your gigabytes, you can't make calls anymore on your preferred number. A lot of these things you say you simply "don't need" them, and that's how I feel about root. And about pretty much everything you care about. I don't do ebooks, I don't do movies or tv, I barely play basic games. I do listen to a LOT of music though, and yes a lot of it was stolen from when I was younger and stupider and didn't understand that without compensation there will be no content. Oh, and BTW, Knox is a good thing. It's how I have system-wide ad blocking without rooting, and how I can have my Secure Folder. You seriously think Vertu phones are luxury? Classy even! Vertu are tacky, garish and gaudy. "Look at how much money I have." Nothing classy about that ugly diamond-crusted turd. Look, I really don't care what your choices are. I'm glad you have the choice to find a device that makes you happy. But you seriously need to stop acting like your choice is the only choice. It's not. And I hope to god it never will be, because at that point, Android will no longer be a platform that fits my needs and I might as well go to Apple. Because you see, what fits my needs, is a device that provides me with everything I have, out of the box, without having to modify it. Samsung does that. They give me everything I want, and nothing I don't. And when the Note 8 comes out, the S-Pen is going to blast it so far ahead that there simply won't be any other phone in the running, not even the S9. I would still have my Note 7 if they would let me. Railwayman Good that you have your Samsung. Also great that you have your 10-12 inch tablets. I assume you bring them everywhere? Very is easy more elegant than a Samsung. It doesn't mean they are the best but way better looking than a Galaxy 8, which I have been tried and I just don't see any reason to get it because of the way Samsung design things. You like to be locked down to a carrier. Google Voice work perfectly well here without any network problems. If the network coverage is so bad that modern services doesn't work I rather jump to a satellite provider if I really need the ability to call from the middle of nowhere. I wouldn't get VZW and eliminate my device choice site to them being very restrictive about what I am allowed to use. Having a carrier dependent phone number is very... 1996. I just don't accept such a limitation - especially not the thing called roaming. I just switch my SIM card to a local one and continue to receive calls as usual. The beauty of GV. If you think iOS is the way to go if Grace UX would disappear I think you should get the iPhone then. It seems like out of the box is the most important aspect. I just don't know any device that has an out of the box experience even close to my requirements. Samsung is certainly furthest way from them. I just dislike their devices because of their design, software, carrier affiliation and serious restrictions. They just feel like a budget device full of carrier advertisement and bloatware. derp_cookies So I agree this is a dumb move but everyone is overreacting by threatening to pirate content. This is a niche problem as less people root now, especially since Android pay won't work when you do it. So Netflix isn't any less accessible than it was before. I watch 99% of Netflix at home on my Roku. Luxferro It's not just rooting. My Nexus 6P is running stock google rom, no root, w/ just unlocked bootloader, and netflix is gone in my play store. Not that I watch TV on my phone... but my shield tv is also unlocked... so it's probably just a matter of time. Roh_Mish Dammit Netflix, you make me want to go popcorn time route. My current primary phone and my iPad are what I use to watch netflix and both of them is stock so i don't have anything to worry about but this just feels wrong. Between this and Amazon not releasing the TV app for my sony TV, which they support outside, popcorn time (and in extension piracy) just seems easier. Vivek Rameses This is why we have piracy. Miguel Angel But ...why? occono Distributors want Netflix to stop any possibility of making DRM-Free backups on the content. Railwayman Good luck with that. If it can be played, it can be recorded. As long as the Netflix content is visible somewhere a copy can be recorded so again, good luck with blocking. Mariano Moreira Even more strange is while Netflix app is removed from Playstore, Netflix VR is still.in Playstore. Manually flashing Factory Image for Google Pixel is how I get me OS updates and I choose to leave bootloader unlocked, rather than relocking every month.(which would include full wipe) So I guess they don't care about security for the few users whom might use Netflix VR with Daydream compatible device? tehboogieman I'm not familiar with the Pixel, but almost every Nexus device lets you lock without wiping all your data. Maybe that requires root though, I really don't understand the details on how it works, but hopefully you can find a way to do it. Mariano Moreira To clarify: In order for me to install Factory Image every month, I need to have Bootloader unlocked. Doing the Factory unlock will wipe the device. Locking the device doesn't wipe the device, but Factory unlocking the bootloader will wipe the device. tehboogieman Yeah, sorry I wasn't more specific. I use an app called BootUnlocker. It lets you lock and unlock the bootloader without wiping at will. Since an app can do this, I'm assuming that it can be done via ADB. Also it might only work on older devices, but maybe there's a way to replicate this action on newer devices as well Mariano Moreira I don't understand why Google is promoting Security by having the device fully-locked, yet still relies on ADB fastboot unlock/OEM Unlock commands to flash factory images? saf1927 Why are using factory images when Google provides OTA images too, and these don't require an unlocked bootloader, nor a wipe? Mariano Moreira I am using Factory Images because I can choose to only use Bootslot B this way. Bootslot A on this current Pixel and the 3 before it has the non-working mic and no working headphone jack issue. I hear the issue is resolved on newer handsets, but have not RMA'd this device yet. I need the microphone and headphone jack, so letting the phone do an OTA and move me to Bootslot A is no-go. *I have N2G47O installed on both Bootslot A and Bootslot B, currently. Only Bootslot A has the audio issue even thought the exact same Factory Image is installed. saf1927 Oh, wasn't aware of that. Did it affect all the old devices? I got mine at launch but haven't experienced the issues you describe. Is there a way to reproduce them? I normally either take the OTA or flash the OTA images via fastboot. Mariano Moreira Allegedly only 1% of devices (I just have bad luck, I suppose.) https://support.google.com/pixelphone/forum/AAAAb4-OgUsIW_gxTpXX3s/?hl=by I have posts around late November- early December on in that thread about mic/headphone jack issue My 1st device was fine until after the 2nd Update, but I had not diagnosed Bootslot A/B discrepancy. Wasn't until after 2nd Device (1st Replacement) that I have been able to always get Bootslot A to have faulty mic on my replacement devices. My Cousin and his girlfriend both have Pixel XLs. He had a dead Mic out of the box but currently neither his nor his Girlfriend's Pixel XL has mic issue. Even with forcing Bootslot A for a month of testing. I most likely have another faulty device, just this is my 4th Pixel from Google and everything is fine except Bootslot A. jdrch It's not just Netflix. The HDHomeRun Prime app doesn't work on rooted 7.0+ devices either. Jsilvermist Good to know, will no longer recommend Netflix to anyone when I'm asked... James F News flash: when you explain to most normal people why you don't recommend Netflix, they won't care, because it doesn't affect them. D13H4RD2L1V3 This is stupid. I had to root my phone to be able to hide the navbar at any time I want and also to gain better battery management controls and other stuff that I sorely wished Google had added to stock Android way sooner. And I was considering a Netflix subscription. No longer...... Sruly J I know it's not fully a solution which is "worth it", but the app Custom Navigation Bar offers the ability to hide status bar/narbar without root. Although like you said, you had other reasons to root, so... My1 yeah, I do root for theming and stuff, but srsly they literally are throwing oil in the Piracy and DRM discussions with this. Diar I pay for Netflix so I can watch the content any way I want guilt free, whether that's their app or other locations on the Internet. F their VPN blocking and DRM. If they make their app impossible to use, I just won't use it. They'll still get my money but they will lose any data/tracking since I'll still be watching their shows, just outside of their ecosystem. Dummies. ReedSolomon Between the SJW nonsense like Bill Nye, the ipv6 tunnel blocking (rather than simply defaulting to ipv4), increases in price, less and less quality content, and now this, I see little reason to keep paying for Netflix. robogo I understand Netflix' reasons, I really do - they need to protect their property and investment. But I can't really say I understand the way they're doing this. This is a good way to alienate the small percentage of power users who root their devices for various, but perfectly valid and understandable reasons. And no, this will not make me cancel my membership as long as the app works. Cancelling membership is a silly, overblown reaction to what is, in my mind, a minor nuisance. D13H4RD2L1V3 I personally just find it a dumb move. Seems like an easy way out. Dmitri Smirnov > perfectly valid and understandable reasons. And what reason would that be? Preventing people from ripping their content? Doesn't stop them in the slightest, root-detection in circumvented rather easily as well as safety net, we have PokemonGo to thank for that - a lot of people were motivated to crack it and they succeeded. > Cancelling membership is a silly, overblown reaction to what is, in my mind, a minor nuisance. Cancelling membership is valid form of feedback to the company, that trying to tell it's customers that they are not allowed to own their device that they paid their money for, if they want to watch a movie. robogo You misunderstood, it seems. A perfectly valid and understandable reason to root one's device would be, e.g. Xposed framework, theming support, tethering, backing up stuff with Titanium Backup, etc. Please read my comment once again. EowynCarter Well, if and when it stops working on my phone, what will be a major nuisance. robogo Agreed. I'll have to find another way then. But I'll deal with that when the time comes. Manbearpig I member when netflix released there app for Android and they did the same thing. I would just download the app and be good to go. After awhile though I stop rooting I miss it sometimes Cyber_Akuma I warned people when Pokemon GO of all things had a surprise update that silently added SafetyNet that this garbage was going to become more and more common. Mario RUN uses it too, and now Netflix.... soon apps everywhere are going to add SafetyNet and block rooted devices as standard practice. Google has been incredibly hostile towards people who actually want to own or have control over their devices or even their PC Software over the last few years. And over the last year google has been making SafetyNet more and more harsh, now even tripping if your BOOTLOADER is unlocked even if your phone is not rooted. Pokemon GO and Mario RUN were a small crowd, but I hope after Netflix of all things starts using it (and make no mistake, this is just the beginning) that people will finally push back against Google's hostility towards rooted users. EowynCarter Yeah. Or I might seriously consider going the iOS way. Though iOS would pose other problems. (Bye paylib) BillPosters I rooted my Android phone to get rid of the annoying camera shutter sound, and to prevent apps from stealing my contacts, and to basically take control of my device rather than letting Google run the whole show, and because of that I can't update Netflix? Good riddance Netflix. iKon I'm pretty sure you can go in the camera settings and take of the camera shutter sound?.... .. In some region-specific firmware versions or certain devices you can't do that. Railwayman There is a better solution: Declare the device a DRM free zone and use everything else. DRM to me is "Don't Restrict Me!" and an excellent reason to give certain companies the middle finger telling them to just go and F themselves. The most ironic thing here is that removing Netflix or using DRM otherwise doesn't stop piracy. On the contrary - By buying and using DRM content you get to travel in the cargo hold with no heating while the pirating consumer get first class service: more content, no restrictions, no copyright trailers or ads before the movie start and stop on. Even better: They can use whatever apps or ROMs they want. Would I unroot my device in order to get DRM content onboard? No way!!! If Netflix are so scared - block the client on Mac OS X and Windows et al. Piracy doesn't usually happen with an Android device as a source but rather computers and HDCP rippers. Another thing also to the DRM companies: Everything that can be played back can be recorded! (Good old piracy saying) Netflix out, Fusion with Exodus, SALTS and Phoenix in. Kodi with Rapier skin is much nicer than the Netflix client and Trakt integration make this way a much better one than going down the DRM route, sitting with an uprooted stock ROM and Netflix.;) TechJunkie198 ? netflix isn't scared. the studios require the drm. and netflix isn't concerned with the small percent of users who root their devices. Railwayman Doesn't matter. Go and enjoy your DRM services.;) DRM is a pest and that is why the pirating community offer a superior product. It is easier and more hassle free to just put Netflix where they belong and use Exodus et al or MovieBox or Terrarium TV and so on. To those who now consider unrooting because of Netflix: Just don't - use other services instead. Richard Markert So when everybody takes your advice and uses a service that doesn't compensate anybody in the content creation business, and all the high-quality media is gone, don't go crying about there being nothing good to steal anymore, k? Railwayman Even better: DRM and proprietary vendor lock in are scrapped and replaced by standards. If they want some kind of protection - make it device wide and linked to the account signed in so playback works in different apps - only thing needed is to call the system wide authentication system. I am against DRM and vendor restrictions. Original content without any of the BS is what the world need. Piracy is a symptom of several problematic things such as geo restrictions, root restrictions and the failed idea of the "right of no distribution" - i.e. the content exist but stubborn companies deny distribution using silly arguments. I always remove DRM from purchased content in order to have full control including the basic right of using whatever app or equipment for playback. Richard Markert Start developing the solution, and start a content creation company that can compete with the big boys when it comes to quality content. Or, you can sit around and whine online about the content creators not wanting the people who don't follow rules to play in their gated sandbox and get mad when you crawl over the fence. Railwayman I take that you like DRM and proprietary vendor lock-in. It is easy to avoid the gated sandbox so no need to whine. It is easier to just fire up Exodus rather than relocking the bootloader and flashing a stock ROM or remove SuperSU in favor of Magisk just to be able to get Netflix. DRM is such a waste of time. It's not necessary to develop a new service since the content are available DRM free already. Standards for media and books etc does exist or did you miss EPUB, PDF, AAC, MP3, MP4 and so on? Perhaps you prefer such a format as ZNO or Apple modified EPUB that only works with iBooks? saf1927 Magisk seems to do the trick. Helios What about my non-rooted OnePlus One? It's also listed as incompatible.. '-_- 天地人 Don't OnePlus devices run a custom ROM and have unlocked bootloaders? Android Developer How can they block people who root the device from installing the app? The play store doesn't have this filter. Maybe after the install they do this check? Richard Markert If you're really an Android Developer, you would know that SafetyNet is what's doing this "behind the scenes". Android Developer I'm talking about the article. They say that Netflix blocks rooted devices, and I know that this isn't an option on the developer console. Google doesn't have anything related to rooted devices there. Ezio I have about 200 original blu-ray disks, go to cinema, and I'm Netflix subscriber. Now I won't get app updates (or even worse I won't be able to use it in the future) just because I like to use my custom rom. Thank you. This is really a bad move. AdjustedFlow I thought netflix was about providing a better service than piracy. Now they're literally pushing me back to piracy. What the heck? Dany If for "root" they mean administrator privileges, don't we already have that on windows 10? So why Netflix doesn't block desktop version too? P.S. by the way...whatever man! I was using Kodi more than this crap anyway... Miku is Best Vocaloid This means Netflix won't be getting my business anymore. Paul Sterling No worries here, when you're legit. Take my money, I'm not cheap. Give me a service, I'll pay you. I don't need to rob. What am I? 13 living with my mom using Napster? Naw, grew up. Don't have any Tim foil hats. My wallet grew up too. ast00 This is a dick move that could have been avoided. If they want us to pirate their content instead, we will pirate their content. We tried doing it the legal way, but they didn't allow it. Their problem, not ours. EowynCarter Umf. **checks google play ** No longer compatible with my nexus 6 . But nexus 4 still ok. For crying out loud! I'm not rooted or using a custom ROM. Pyramid Power netflix is just losing money. it's saying to those people, 'go to thepiratebay!' RemiV2 I guess I'll just keep torrenting then. Thanks, Netflix. Lawstorant Magisk stan dex 97 new dark web premium links . also included are netfix lifetime membership links as well as graphic Live chat links (use anonymously) https://satoshibox.com/axbr7vnm6ifzk8hwtcreoe28/buy Linus Monie If you are this afraid of someone potentially fiddling around with your code, the problem is not the 'fiddler', it is your code. Netflix is a client app. If I can, with a rooted phone, fake my subscription, or somehow cause a major security issue, that is not a problem with me, that is a problem with you pushing out a vulnerable app to millions of users. Sure, it would be my fault for exploiting it, but there is no-one but you who managed to put the problem in place. A CLIENT app should not be anything but a front-end representation of an API run by your servers. The CLIENT should have nothing but a CLIENT ID to use with the API. The CLIENT should NOT be able to change JACK SHIT with the API, it should only be able to get search results, get access to encrypted streams, etc. If your client CAN change JACK SHIT (which one could assume is true, since you are so actively hiding your code) then you have a major security vulnerability... This is a problem with your code, not anyone's rooted device... Hell, you don't even need a rooted device to access the applications code, just download an APK of the app, extract it, and decompile it... Jesus netflix, get your shit straight you bendy pos... My1 I think their problem is rather that rooted users *might* be able to capture the decrypted stream using root or whatever and they are afraid of that. although on PC you have admin permissions and netflix has no problems iirc. Linus Monie Yeah, exactly, its not like people will prefer to pirate the stream on their phone (at least I wouldn't...), so that was my first thought of why they made this change. Now that I think about it though, its probably not so much of a Netflix decision as it is a licensing issue with one of their "film sources". (can't think of a better word for it rn..) Licensing issues are a bitch when you need to adapt to as many as Netflix has... My1 yeah true. pirating on phone makes (quoting austin from game theory) NO. GOD. DAMN. SENSE. I mean I dunno whether you can automate that so good and/or get it fast enough, especially with the relatively low storage, no LAN capability and so on. BahnStormer Netflix is used more on tablets and TV boxes, these tend to be used for several years longer than phones and even Google now only updates their devices for <2 years (Samsung / streamer manufacturer's do this even less!)... We HAVE to run the likes of Lineage if we want the devices to be secure! Bye bye Netflix, even Amazon Video lets us use rooted devices! jcopernicus People don't understand IP and lambast a company protecting it. Of course. My1 I have never tried but if netflix can run over a non-HDCP connection like DVI or VGA, there's literally no reason to use a phone for piracy. RemixedCat well they got rid of 5 star ratings, deleted tons of shows I was in the middle of, and the roku app is hella slow and takes 10 freakin minutes to load (by comparison my OS install from power on to desktop was 8 minutes on my samsung 850 500GB SSD!!) Tobi I'm running LineageOS on my Oneplus One to lengthen the lifespan of my device. Why must I be punished for that? I'm going back to pirating content. StankyChikin Possible that the movie industry is pushing this? SkullOne Shhhhh. Don't use logic here. It's not allowed. It's simply easier to blame Netflix and believe that they have a vendetta against the teeny tiny, itsy bitsy amount of root users out there! StankyChikin Forgive me plz lol username_not_valid This isnt about Netflix, its about its content providers. There is this notion that you can copy files and therefore pirate content if you are rooted. We all know its rubbish, Netflix probably knows its rubbish, but that doesn't change anything. If Netflix wants shows, its has to abide by its license agreements. There is really nothing Netflix, Amazon, Sky or any other streaming service can do about it. The fact that almost all pirate content comes from PCs and HDCP by-pass devices doesnt mean a thing. TedPhillips at least in practice, unlocking your bootloader/being rooted has no impact on your widevine support level. now, i'm not sure if the oem could supply a high-level drm library on a pre-rooted device, due to agreements, but modification after the point of sale is a different matter. meanwhile, keep on streaming netflix on your 'rooted' computer - gasp!~ Richard Markert >meanwhile, keep on streaming netflix on your 'rooted' computer - gasp!~ I don't even need an admin account to steal Netflix on my PC. Since the Windows 10 app and browsers BOTH work over analog, all I need is an inline box with a DSUB VGA connector and simply capture the entire output from the VGA port. My1 or use DVI if possible, even better. Valerie Frye-Preter Did they do this because of the stolen season 5 of Orange is the New Black? TedPhillips wasn't that stolen before it was available for streaming? so i don't see how it could be. TedPhillips when the device can be retroactively uncertified, as safetynet mutates over time, that's a step beyond the usual forced obsolescence of artificially short software support windows. now instead of buying a new phone every 18-24 months, it could be literally whenever they feel like moving the goalposts. Mike Hunt I don't understand. I am a Netflix subscriber, but will probably have to unsubscribe now since I bought a rooted Chinese mediabox for my TV. This sucks, as I liked and supported NetFlix's business model. Richard Markert Which box do you have? Mike Hunt One of these https://www.aliexpress.com/wholesale?catId=0&initiative_id=SB_20170514131212&SearchText=media+box+mini+m8s Brock Reed I'm not even getting the "not compatible" message, it's just not showing up at all. Ajmobileguru First DirecTV Now and now Netflix. I dont see the point. As if rooted users were pirating the streams or movies. Rooted users on non-nexus/pixel devices already were getting only 480p because of widewine crap and now this. Anunnaki This is why people switch to apps like Popcorn Time and Terrarium TV. Biga173rd Popcorn time still works? Anunnaki When I last checked few months ago, it was working. No idea about the current situation though. Biga173rd Okay Erin Andrews Oh that's easy, they block my device I cancel my subscription. Say goodbye to my 15 dollars a month. piggynuts Stopped playing Pokemon, stopped using Snapchat, next to go is Netflix. I refuse to say bye to root. BobButtons Magisk. While some say it's hit and miss with Pokemon GO (idk, I don't play it) it's never not worked for me with Snapchat/Android Pay/Mario Run. cliff_dangers Why does everyone freak out about a rooted phone but my PC which is wide open is not a problem? What makes smartphones so special? Doro Manekia ΝετΦλξ Ανάθεμα σου.Χα χα χα Το Μαααακα. Bewear I am not that upset because I rarely use Netflix on my mobile, I am upset because this kind of blocking will become a trend. BoFiS ugh, fuck you, Netflix, I pay for your serve, LET ME USE IT ON MY PHONE A.M There are some many ways around that LAME NETFLIX - Showbox Kodi Firestick with Kodi I can't see the point of Netflix when we have so MANY better apps out there that kill Netflix ErectBipedal That'll teach them filthy pirates for trying to pay us money!.... wait.... -Netflix probably Zxyon Rhysivz What could users with unlocked/rooted phones do with the Netflix app that other users can't? Loco Mole Netflix content isn't that much better these days, so if they choose to distinguish themselves by being a d*ck to consumers who care about using our devices the way we want to, then f u too, Netflix, I got plenty of other legit streaming content. Fedup Let's see... Piracy: $0.00, no ads, no DRM, no device/location/time restrictions Legit: $$$, ads out the as$, DRM limiting options, shows locked to specific devices, locations, etc. Keep on making the decision easier for us, Netflix. xyz Fortunately, the Pirate Bay is accessible from all devices and regions without any geo-blocking. berserksgangr Well, my Nexus 7 with Lineage it's not working even without root (error 9) Nick Riley This is utterly stupid! Corvus Dove Remember that time that making things more difficult for software and media pirates through DRM while possibly messing with legitimate customers paid off and prevented piracy? Me either. Asbjørn The problem here is that most users root their phone to get the updates that their OEM doesn't want to make available. If Android had proper updates, rooting would not be so necessary. Patel Nisha Root user here. How do I use Magisk for this? I have it installed and new to the Magisk(haven't had a rooted phone in a while)? Keletor Does it stop you from sideloading it? I mean really, if you are rooting your phone you most likely will find a workaround. Luxferro Not yet, but you can be sure the app will stop working in the future. Znuff The download feature is not working for me anymore. And the 5.x app is not working at all, just says I need to install the 4.x one (redirects me to the download page) Tim Get Roku tv or a fire stick cause no issues there and it isn't through Google then Biga173rd People still use Netflix? mlauzon And this is exactly how you piss off your end users! Doug Rogers I guess I'll have to unroot - whoops, Android 4.2 Awesome. Luxferro Don't forget to leave your 1 star review. Links to both apps (Android TV and the normal Android app) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.netflix.mediaclient&hl=en&rdid=com.netflix.mediaclient https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.netflix.ninja&rdid=com.netflix.ninja Yoda’s Spirit Seems they keep cracking down on anything Open internet related! The only way I can watch overseas now is using Mediahint.com - nothing else works. Luxferro Just use usenet. They are forcing their legit customers to piracy... DDS This move will not stop people from pirating their content, it will encourage it. Exactly the opposite of what they're trying to achieve. But tell that to the a**hats who control the money... Ubelsteiner And thus, Plex and Kodi become even more popular, as Netflix drives a nail into it's own coffin. Znuff http://i.imgur.com/LG3dXc4.jpg http://i.imgur.com/eNeuPCD.jpg Can not use the latest version on my device, it sends me to download the 4.x version. When I try that, the latest 4.x version has Downloads disabled for me (it used to work on this device). US Patriot No worries. I can live without Netflix, but I will NOT live without full control of my devices and data. Ricardo A. Fragoso For those who want root at all cost there's still a chance to get movies with ChromeCast Support... Google "TerrariumTV". :D You are welcome. :D Sir Doogie Houser M.D.Esq. 200 Mobile devices are now a vice.The rules,whether stringent or lenient,if there's demand,the market will fill the demand.Plain and simple.So to Mr.Gable,your wrong buttercup. Nick Coad I can guarantee you that Netflix doesn't make these choices willingly. The production companies they purchase shows off are notoriously backward when it comes to technology and unfortunately Netflix relies on them to survive. Kevin Davis So I can't update my Netflix app on my unaltered Google Store Pixel XL. FUCK YOU NETFLIX, and goodbye, you SONS OF BITCHES. Signed, a former longtime top tier subscriber, until, as of now. Once again, so there is no doubt: FUCK YOU NETFLIX, and goodbye. Sent from my Google Store Pixel XL. theinternetmakesyoustupid who the hell watches netflix on their phone.. johnforamerica Chromecast? Sledge If you have the app installed you can use the in app option to call netflix over wifi. Do this. Be heard. Don't let them continue to push back against the right to tinker. McHenryGames Main reason to root is XPosed. Screw Netflix and screw Google. Brian Both my phone and tablet are as they left they left the factory. Both are blocked form the new update, neither is rooted. Looked like they are trying to promote rival services as it is unacceptable to block legitimate users on a paying service. ED-Zが現れた! Well... Time to change my rate from 5 to 1... Thomas That's a surprising backward move from Netflix, a company that I admire and follow, not just as customer but as an engineer. I wonder if, adding up with their experimental price hike, someone with the wrong ideas got recently hired... Anderson Moreira Oliveira :-( Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 149 queries | 1.166s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google Photos finally has an archive feature +6,988 Quentyn Kennemer May 25th, 2017 Google seems to be rolling out a new archive feature for Google Photos, with some folks spotting the change in their app. We’ve been waiting for this since, like, forever. The archive button lets you hide select photos from view that you may not want to see in your photo collection, but also don’t want fully deleted. This is useful for keeping important things like, say, photo receipts, that you want access to in the near future but don’t want it muddying up your otherwise beautiful collection. Archived photos are kept in their original folders and are still considered part of whichever albums they were originally associated with, but they won’t show up in your main photo feed or as options for things like automatic video highlights. It’s like sweeping dust under a rug: it’s there, but you can’t see it so who cares? Make sure your app is updated and it should be showing up for you in no time. [via Reddit] local_offer    Google+ Photos   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (4) stars Further Reading Google Photo Books are arriving on mobile devices Google Photos can erase objects Google Photos gets 3 big new features Google Lens is amazing Google Photos offers low quality backups when on 2G stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertHow To: Get the Android O Pixel Launcher close[DOWNLOAD] How to get the Android O Pixel launcher on your smartphone The Pixel Launcher from the latest version of Android O has been made available for download if your device is running Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow or above. 2 more_vertNexus 6P and 5X getting an Android O upgrade error closeGetting the Nexus 6P & 5X: Android O Upgrade Error? More than a few users have confirmed having issues when attempting to upgrade their device to the latest Android O developer beta. Here’s what you can do to fix some issues, and why it’s happening. 3 more_vertT-Mobile fees to increase closeT-Mobile fees are going up if you’re not on T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile is announcing a slight fee hike for those not on T-Mobile ONE. 4 more_vertDave Burke spills the beans on Fuchsia OS closeSo Fuchsia may not end up taking over Android or Chrome OS after all During the Android Fireside Chat at Google I/O 2017 Dave Burke, Google VP of engineering for Android, was asked about the Fuchsia project and he provided a great non-answer. 5 more_vertTop 5 Apps of the Week closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (May 19, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 6 more_vert5 SMS applications to replace Google Hangouts closeRIP Hangouts, we hardly knew ye: Here are 5 alternatives to satisfy your SMS needs Now that Google has ended SMS support for Hangouts, we take a look at some of the best replacement applications that look to do the trick for your text messaging needs. 7 more_vertLG G6: One Month Later closeLG G6: One Month Later It’s been about one month since I posted my review of the LG G6, and I’ve been using the G6 as my daily phone for the better part of six weeks. Now that the initial hype has died down, I can share some long-term thoughts. 8 more_vertGoogle Photo Books are arriving on mobile devices closeGoogle Photo Books are appearing in the Photos app for some users already Despite Google stating that Photo Books would be launching on mobile devices “in the coming weeks”, it seems that some users are already seeing the option in the Photos mobile app. 9 more_vertSamsung pushes a big update to the Gear S3 closeThe biggest Samsung Gear S3 update is rolling out now Samsung is pushing a new update to the Gear S3 smartwatch which adds 13 new features to the wearable, including the launch of Partner Apps. 10 more_vertNew HTC U11 camera samples appear closeNew shots from the HTC U11 camera show its DxOMark score is indisputable [GALLERY] Another Flickr gallery has surfaced showing us even more shots from the HTC U11, with conditions varying from bright daylight, gloomy overcast, and night time beauty. No matter the scenario, it proves its DxOMark score of 90 is well-deserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE Technology notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home News Apps Science And Future FOR YOU Trending Google's AlphaGo AI Just Beat The Number One Go Player In The World To Show Its Superior... 588 SHARES Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > Technology > News Google's AlphaGo AI Just Beat The Number One Go Player In The World To Show Its Superior Skills Gwyn D'Mello May 25, 2017 588 SHARES Google’s AI system AlphaGo has once again proved its dominance in the complex strategy game, defeating the world’s number one Go player, Ke Jie. The AI beat Ke today in the second of three scheduled matches, securing its victory over him regardless of the last round’s outcome. Ke Jie playing the opening against AlphaGo - Google This latest win is huge for Google, as it proves that AlphaGo has surpassed human player, just a little over a year after beating another world-renowned player, Lee Se-dol. According to AlphaGo’s analysis, Ke played “perfectly for the first 50 or so moves in the second match, and adapted his strategies in an attempt to flank AlphaGo in multiple skirmishes across the board. However, the AI dealt with the multi-pronged onslaught capably, countering Ke at every turn before finally forcing him to resign. “For the first 100 moves it was the closest we’ve ever seen anyone play against the Master version of AlphaGo,” DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis said in a press conference after the game. “Today’s game was different from the first,” Ke told the media. “AlphaGo made some moves which were opposite from my vision of how to maximize the possibility of winning. I also thought I was very close to winning the game in the middle but maybe that’s not what AlphaGo was thinking. I’m a little bit sad, it’s a bit of a regret because I think I played pretty well.” AlphaGo, developed by Google’s AI development group DeepMind, uses neural networks and machine learning to analyse an opponent’s moves and pick the responses most likely to be successful. Challenging and beating a world-class human player at the game Go is a milestone for artificial intelligence, as the game is devilishly complex, offering hundreds of possible moves. The final game against Ke will take place on Saturday, while AlphaGo will be pushed to the limits of its capabilities on Friday, where it will participate in two special matches; one where it will act as teammate to two Chinese pros facing off, and another where it will battle five Chinese professional players simultaneously. Don't Miss UC Berkeley Researchers Have Built Human-Like Curiosity Into An Artificial Intelligence System Google Introduces Family Sharing Groups To Calendar, Keep, And Photos For Close Knit Folks Smartphones Will Be Sold At Big Discounts In June Before GST Starts From July, Analysts Predict 7.1K SHARES BSNL To Launch Satellite Phone Service In India With Call Rates Expected At Rs 35 Per Minute 4K SHARES A Robot Just Landed A Boeing 737 All By Itself And We Should Be Looking For John Connor Already 3.9K SHARES 588 SHARES PROMOTED STORIES Bal Harbour Find All The Accessories You'll Need To Own At Bal Harbou.. Two Red Dots Perfectly Timed Pictures Taken Before a Disaster PNC PNC Agent View - PNC Agent Alliance Now Buzz This Mega-House is New Jersey’s Most Expensive (pics) Wh.. Consumer Daily Ads Newer Than Cell Phones, New Jersey Landlines Get Replaced .. GlassesUSA.com Check Out The Glasses Site Everyone In Clifton Is Shopping.. just in News TRAI Blocks "Discriminatory" Airtel 4G Data Plans After Reliance Jio's Complaint On The Matter Partner 4K SHARES India’s Heartthrob Barun Sobti’s Rocking Musical Avatar Is A Treat For Sore Eyes. Watch This Video To Know More News One Port To Rule Them All: Intel Wants To Make USB-C Cheaper By Supercharging It With Thunderbolt 3 Science And Future There's A Strange Star In The Universe That Dims Sometimes. And It's Dimming Again Tophatter The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Science And Future Boeing Is Building A Low-Cost Space Plane Designed To Launch A Satellite Every Single Day Partner 400 SHARES 7 Reasons Why You Need To Dump That Soft Drink Today News 1K SHARES Beware! Hackers Have Found A Way To Gain Control Of Your PC Through VLC & Other Media Player News A Hacker Bypassed The Galaxy S8's Iris Scanner With Just An Infrared Photo And A Contact Lens Pro Construction Guide | The Home Depot Professional Paint Hacks To Speed Up Your Projects Gadgets 120 SHARES This $5000 Google Touchscreen Whiteboard Aims To Add A Whole Lot Of Fun To Any Team Project Science And Future Few Engineering Students Built A Rocket From Scratch & Launched It To A Record-Breaking Height News 1K SHARES Dubai Is Getting The World's First Robot Police Officer To Fight Crime In A Tech Savvy Manner Science And Future Our Human Ancestors Didn't Come From Africa But From Europe, Shocking New Research Suggests SheBudgets.com 20 Cars to Avoid At All Costs in 2017   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE celebscoop Vivek Oberoi Attends Acid Attack Survivor's Wedding, Gifts Her A New House As A Present Isha Sharma 71K SHARES celebscoop 9 Times Onscreen Enemies Rana Daggubati & Prabhas Made Us Jealous Of Their Unbreakable Bond Garima Satija 36.5K SHARES india 17-Month-Old Desperately Tries To Drink Milk From Her Mother's Body, Unaware That She's Dead Shewali Tiwari 36.4K SHARES Ad His Neighbors Were Outraged at First. Now They Think He’.. Grizly india Acid Attack Survivor Gets A Call From A 'Wrong Number,' It Blossoms In To Love Then Marriage KC Archana 37.4K SHARES celebscoop Lovebirds Virat And Anushka Make Their Second Appearance Together, Attend The Screening Of... Isha Sharma 22.8K SHARES celebscoop Virat-Anushka Entered Sagarika-Zaheer's Engagement Venue Holding Hands And Our Heart Is... Isha Sharma 33.4K SHARES Ad See The Insane $59 Million Estate Tom Cruise Is Selling Lonny india Ending Her Ordeal In Pakistan, Indian Woman Who Was Forced To Marry At Gunpoint Returns Home Bobins Abraham 19.8K SHARES india Son Of A 'Samosa' Seller Secures Top Rank In JEE Mains, One Of The Toughest Exams In The World Shewali Tiwari 18K SHARES india Pune Girl Who Was Stalked By An Uber Driver Shares Her Nightmarish Account On The Internet KC Archana 29.5K SHARES Ad 2017 Pickup Trucks You Have To See To Believe Truck Sponsored Ads OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
clock menu more-arrow Mossberg Mossberg: The Disappearing Computer Tech was once always in your way. Soon, it will be almost invisible by Walt Mossberg@waltmossberg May 25, 2017, 10:00am EDT Illustrations by William Joel share tweet Linkedin Welcome to Mossberg, a weekly commentary and reviews column on The Verge and Recode by veteran tech journalist Walt Mossberg, now an Executive Editor at The Verge and Editor at Large of Recode. This is my last weekly column for The Verge and Recode — the last weekly column I plan to write anywhere. I’ve been doing these almost every week since 1991, starting at The Wall Street Journal, and during that time, I’ve been fortunate enough to get to know the makers of the tech revolution, and to ruminate — and sometimes to fulminate — about their creations. Now, as I prepare to retire at the end of that very long and world-changing stretch, it seems appropriate to ponder the sweep of consumer technology in that period, and what we can expect next. Let me start by revising the oft-quoted first line of my first Personal Technology column in the Journal on October 17th, 1991: “Personal computers are just too hard to use, and it’s not your fault.” It was true then, and for many, many years thereafter. Not only were the interfaces confusing, but most tech products demanded frequent tweaking and fixing of a type that required more technical skill than most people had, or cared to acquire. The whole field was new, and engineers weren’t designing products for normal people who had other talents and interests. Personal technology is usually pretty easy to use, and, if it’s not, it’s not your fault But, over time, the products have gotten more reliable and easier to use, and the users more sophisticated. You can now hand an iPad to a six-year-old, and, with just a bit of help, she will very likely learn how to operate it quickly. That’s amazing, given that the iPad is far more powerful than any complex PC I was testing in the 1990s. Plus, today’s hardware and software rarely fails catastrophically like PCs did so often in the old days. So, now, I’d say: “Personal technology is usually pretty easy to use, and, if it’s not, it’s not your fault.” The devices we've come to rely on, like PCs and phones, aren't new anymore. They're refined, built with regular users in mind, and they get better each year. Anything really new is still too close to the engineers to be simple or reliable. Many people aren’t going to be able to hook up a dedicated virtual reality system, or want to wear the headset. And most of us can’t yet trust Siri, Alexa, or Google Assistant for an accurate, useful answer much of the time. But it’s early days for those technologies. So: where are we now, and what’s coming? The lull As I write this, the personal tech world is bursting with possibility, but few new blockbuster, game-changing products are hitting the mainstream. So a strange kind of lull has set in. The multi-touch smartphone, launched 10 years ago with Apple’s first iPhone, has conquered the world, and it’s not done getting better. It has, in fact, become the new personal computer. But it’s a maturing product that I doubt has huge improvements ahead of it. Tablets rose like a rocket, but have struggled to find an essential place in many people's’ lives. Desktops and laptops have become table stakes, part of the furniture. The big software revolutions, like cloud computing, search engines, and social networks, are also still growing and improving, but have become largely established. a strange kind of lull has set in Consumer drones and robotics are in their infancy, a niche, with too few practical uses as yet. The biggest hardware and software arrival since the iPad in 2010 has been Amazon’s Echo voice-controlled intelligent speaker, powered by its Alexa software assistant. It arrived in 2015, and was followed last year by the similar Google Home device. I expect others. But the Echo and Alexa are just getting started. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos told me in an interview last year that artificial intelligence was not just in the first inning of a long baseball game, but at the stage where the very first batter comes up. And, while Amazon doesn’t release sales figures for the Echo family, third-party estimates say that, while they are growing fast, they were still well below 10 million units last year. For comparison, even in a relatively weak period, Apple sold 50 million much costlier iPhones in just 90 days last quarter, and the combined total sales of the far more prevalent Android phones no doubt were much greater. Google just announced that there are now 2 billion Android devices in active monthly use globally, and Apple announced a year and a half ago that there were over 1 billion iOS devices in active use. These are mostly smartphones, and they are no longer novel. Wait for it But just because you’re not seeing amazing new consumer tech products on Amazon, in the app stores, or at the Apple Store or Best Buy, that doesn’t mean the tech revolution is stuck, or stopped. In fact, it’s just pausing to conquer some major new territory. And, if it succeeds, the results could be as big, or bigger, than the first consumer PCs were in the 1970s, or even the web in the 1990s and smartphones in the first decade of this century. All of the major tech players, companies from other industries, and startups with names we don’t know yet are working away on some or all of the new major building blocks of the future. They are: artificial intelligence / machine learning, augmented reality, virtual reality, robotics and drones, smart homes, self-driving cars, and digital health / wearables. All of these things have dependencies in common. They include greater and more distributed computing power, new sensors, better networks, smarter voice and visual recognition, and software that’s simultaneously more intelligent and more secure. Examples of all these technologies already exist, but they are early, limited, and mainly attractive to enthusiasts. Compared to what’s coming, they are like the Commodore PET (look it up, kids) or those huge car phones in old movies. Ambient computing I expect that one end result of all this work will be that the technology, the computer inside all these things, will fade into the background. In some cases, it may entirely disappear, waiting to be activated by a voice command, a person entering the room, a change in blood chemistry, a shift in temperature, a motion. Maybe even just a thought. Your whole home, office and car will be packed with these waiting computers and sensors. But they won’t be in your way, or perhaps even distinguishable as tech devices. This is ambient computing, the transformation of the environment all around us with intelligence and capabilities that don’t seem to be there at all. It reminds me of a great Saturday Night Live skit, from 2005, where cast member Fred Armisen, playing Steve Jobs, shows off an ever-smaller series of iPods, finally producing a model that’s literally invisible, yet holds “every photograph ever taken.” Just in recent weeks, Facebook’s famed researcher Regina Dugan has announced that her secretive team is working on using the brain to type, and to control augmented reality devices. They are also developing ways to “hear” through your skin. Their idea is that, even if augmented reality gets built into standard eyeglasses and can impose sophisticated virtual objects onto real life, it won’t be seamless if you have to push buttons, use touch controls or utter commands. the computer inside all these things will fade into the background — it may even disappear Apple reportedly has a secret project to monitor the glucose levels of diabetics with new non-invasive sensors, ending the need for daily test needles. Google has changed its entire corporate mission to be “AI first” and, with Google Home and Google Assistant, to perform tasks via voice commands and eventually hold real, unstructured conversations. Several small firms are pursuing the prospect of recharging mobile devices with power sent through the air, so power cords won’t be around. I expect to see much of this new ambient computing world appear within 10 years, and all of it appear within 20. Why it matters Every one of these efforts has the potential to create a new world that’s unrecognizable. It’s a radically different way of thinking about tech. When the internet first arrived, it was a discrete activity you performed on a discrete hunk of metal and plastic called a PC, using a discrete software program called a browser. Even now, though the net is like the electrical grid, powering many things, you still use a discrete device — a smartphone, say — to access it. Sure, you can summon some internet smarts through an Echo, but there’s still a device there, and you still have to know the magic words to say. We are a long way from the invisible, omnipresent computer in Starship Enterprise. Computers have gotten vastly easier to use, but they still demand attention and care Worse, those early computers were in your way. They were hulking objects that demanded space and skill. Even now, if you look around a restaurant, you’ll see smartphones on the tables, waiting to be used. Computers have gotten vastly easier to use, but they still demand attention and care, from charging batteries to knowing which apps to use and when to use them. Technology has been a great thing, but it’s been too unnatural, an add-on to life, for 40 years. What’s going on in the labs has the promise to change that. The dark side Some of you who’ve gotten this far are already recoiling at the idea of ambient computing. You're focused on the prospects for invasion of privacy, for monetizing even more of your life, for government snooping and for even worse hacking than exists today. If the FBI can threaten a huge company like Apple over an iPhone passcode, what are your odds of protecting your future tech-dependent environment from government intrusion? If British hospitals have to shut down due to a ransomware attack, can online crooks lock you out of your house, office, or car? Good questions. My best answer is that, if we are really going to turn over our homes, our cars, our health, and more to private tech companies, on a scale never imagined, we need much, much stronger standards for security and privacy than now exist. Especially in the US, it’s time to stop dancing around the privacy and security issues and pass real, binding laws. And, if ambient technology is to become as integrated into our lives as previous technological revolutions like wood joists, steel beams, and engine blocks, we need to subject it to the digital equivalent of enforceable building codes and auto safety standards. Nothing less will do. And health? The current medical device standards will have to be even tougher, while still allowing for innovation. The tech industry, which has long styled itself as disruptors, will need to work hand in hand with government to craft these policies. And that might be a bigger challenge than developing the technology in the first place. The oligopoly Most of the work on this, especially what we and others can learn about and report about, is coming from the giant companies that make up today’s tech oligopoly — Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google, and Microsoft. But, as tectonic shifts like this occur in technology, oligopolies get shaken up. For instance: today, Apple is the biggest of the group. By all reports, it’s working seriously on AR, self-driving cars, and health initiatives. But its strict and admirable privacy policies make it harder for it to gather the vast amounts of data required for the best machine learning. Do the oligarchs have too much power? Microsoft is still trying to find a way to meld its formidable software and cloud expertise with a significant hardware business. The ad-based business models of Facebook and Google, now so dominant, could prove fickle. And Amazon has only had one really giant hardware hit — the Kindle — in its existence. But, even if these oligarchs all do fine, and their ranks swell by one or two, the country and the world will have to ask if they have too much power — and, if so, how to curb it without killing progress. The bottom line We’ve all had a hell of a ride for the last few decades, no matter when you got on the roller coaster. It’s been exciting, enriching, and transformative. But it’s also been about objects and processes. Soon, after a brief slowdown, the roller coaster will be accelerating faster than ever, only this time it’ll be about actual experiences, with much less emphasis on the way those experiences get made. As a gadget-lover, this makes me a little sad. But, as a tech believer, it’s tremendously exciting. I won’t be reviewing all the new stuff anymore, but you can bet I’ll be closely watching this next turn of the wheel. Thanks for reading. Mossberg out. TL;DR Overwatch fandom ruled Tumblr over the last year Entertainment Disney CEO reports that hackers did not steal Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Tech Amazon’s drive-up grocery stores are now open to the public in Seattle View all stories in Tech Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Everything that's been announced at Google I/O 2017 so far (continuously updated) David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/05/17 1:53pm PDTMay 17, 2017 46 Plus 1 on G+ 74 Share on Facebook 88 Share on Twitter Total Shares208 Android O Google News Article Contents 1 Android, Android O (and beta news) 1.1 Day 2 2 AR/Daydream VR news 2.1 Day 2 3 Google Home 4 Assistant 4.1 Day 2 5 Google Photos 6 Various other news 6.1 Day 2 Google I/O 2017 is in full swing, and we're about halfway through the first day as I write this post. Even so, we've already had dozens of stories come out of Google's big developer conference, and we want to make sure you're able to find all of our coverage in one place. Google Home, Photos, Assistant, Android O, Daydream - all saw major announcements today, and we're just getting started. I'll break it down for you. I've bolded what I think are some of the more important stories out of I/O today. Android, Android O (and beta news) Looking for the Android O Beta? We've got what you need in our post Android O could cut in half the time it takes for your phone to reboot, and it may make some apps way faster Text selection is getting smarter in Android O Ready for an emoji revamp? Google has a huge one in store in its next OS release Notification dots will put rich notifications in your app icons Play Protect gives a new name to Google's malware scanning behavior Android Go appears to be a deep-level rethink of Google's approach to Android on low-end Android phones There are over 2 billion active Android devices on Earth now Android TV is getting a brand new launcher in Android O The Pixel launcher is getting options to change the shape of icons in the new O beta Quick settings is getting a new grayscale UI in Android O Google's new Visual Positioning Service is a neat AR technology The emoji support library in Android O should reduce the chance you'll see broken emoji in the future The night light feature is getting an intensity slider in O Android O will start housing a shortcut to a given app's widgets in the app shortcut interface Day 2 Bluetooth will now allow you select which AVRCP version you want to use A redesigned version of the Pixel launcher appeared in a demo area at I/O Animations in Android are going to start being based upon physics, which sounds pretty cool Android O has a brand-new "actionable" battery menu, and they've gone in-depth on explaining why it's there There are new developer tools in Android Wear for watch face complications and app interfaces Significant changes to how fonts are handled are coming in Android O AR/Daydream VR news Fully standalone Daydream headsets - with beaconless position tracking - are coming Google's educational Expeditions app gets a new mode with AR that looks like it could be pretty cool The Galaxy S8 and an unannounced LG phones will be Daydream-certified later this year Day 2 The ZenFone AR is finally coming out - exclusively on Verizon in the US Daydream 2.0 and Chromium VR were announced Google Home Google Home streams TV from many more service now - including HBO and Hulu This one is big - Google Home is going to start working with your other Android devices and display visual information to go along with responses Home will start warning you about upcoming events, and support for reminders is coming soon Hands-free calling is coming to Google Home, and it sounds amazing Google Home supports the creation of calendar appointments now Soon, you'll be able to stream music to your Google Home directly over Bluetooth like a standard speaker New music services have been added to home - including Spotify free, SoundCloud, and Deezer The Home device will be launching in Canada, Australia, France, Germany, and Japan this summer The Google Home app is going to be updated with user-defined, customizable shortcuts Assistant Actions on Google, the platform for doing stuff across various Google products that is built into Assistant and Google Home, is coming to smartphones - and it could let the Assistant do some crazy stuff Assistant will be available in five new languages this summer, with more by the end of the year Google Assistant is now on iOS Soon, you'll be able to type to the Google Assistant, not just speak to it (or have to use Allo) - [Update: Rolling out now] Google Lens is an absolutely amazing object recognition platform that is going to be baked into Assistant The error rate for speech recognition using Google's engine is now under 5% Day 2 Assistant works with a whole lot more smart home products You'll seen be able to send money through Google Assistant Google Assistant will now allow to view your query history, and edit or delete it Google is working with 50 app developers for its first batch of instant apps Google Photos Google Lens is a thing, and it's going to make Google Photos even more eerily smart than it already is Photos generally saw some major updates, and a lot of them use fancy machine learning to make Photos work harder to give you the pictures you actually want Physical photo books are something you'll be able to order from Photos soon Google Photos is going to start suggesting what photos you might want to share with friends and contacts Google Photos is getting absolutely insane automatic obstruction removal for your pictures - Adobe-level stuff Various other news YouTube for TVs now supports 360-degree video YouTube has over a billion hours of video watched - per day Smart replies are coming to Gmail today New Profilers are coming to Android Studio for app performance visualization The Play Console Dashboard has new tools to help devs find and fix problems with their apps Developers can start making Instant Apps today Kotlin is now an officially-supported language for Android apps Day 2 Automatic APK size optimization will help developers shrink their packages Autosizing is coming to to TextViews Google is working on a new payments API for the web and mobile devices Devs are getting the ability to exclude any device that doesn't pass SafetyNet from installing apps on the Play Store Google Play App Signing will make key management a lot more streamlined for developers Android Studio 3.0 brings Kotlin support and a ton of new debugging tools Tags Google I/O google io 2017 google io announcements i/o 2017 io2017 subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Quick settings are now grayscale, get some other small tweaks Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Curtis Bond For me, the announcements for Home were extremely welcoming. I have two Google Homes and I can't wait to take advantage of some of these new features. Lars Jeppesen I am contemplating buying a tv (haven't had one for years) just to use some of the new cool visual features of Home (I have 3 of them). Any recommendations for someone who wants to use it as a casting device and doesn't need a tv tuner (or crappy smart tv features).. just a very good 4k panel without any fuss? James Bryant Hisense make tvs that are considered some of the best you can get for the money. Generally quite affordable too. I believe it's the 7000 series. Lars Jeppesen Thanks, will have a look jonzey231 I got a 55" Vizio E Series on Black Friday with Chromecast Built-In. It's 4K, no HDR, though. There's no tuner so I did have to buy an external one, but that was a blessing in disguise because now I have it running into my TV via HDMI which I like. Got it for like $350-$400ish. Picture is fantastic, especially for what I paid. And I love that even if the TV is off (standby mode), I can just cast something from my phone and it turns the TV on and just starts playing. It's small, but it's convenient. Plus, casting is even in 4K if you're using Netlfix or whatever else with the 4K subscription. Lars Jeppesen Thanks. Is that the tv one of the "all about android" show cast got as well? He likes it a lot. I prefer without a tv tuner as I cut tv signal years ago. Drakenoid That's your best option imo, it works really well. Lars Jeppesen F*uck .. Vizio only sells in the US.. I'm european.. dammit dammit dammit I was getting fired up :) Pavel Shevchuk Turning on the TV is a subset of HDMI spec nowadays. I can turn my 2014 Samsung not-so-smart TV on and off with a phone and appletv remote while actual TV remote is accumulating layers of dust jonzey231 I know that. My 4 year old toshiba does it too. Just saying that its even more convenient with the whole package. Since the Chromecast is built-into the tv, you just hit cast on netflix and everything turns on. abc Me too. I'll probably pick one up in two to three years when it comes out of beta. Rik Wall The GBoard auto translate feature blew me away personally. Evgany It's been available in beta for months. Rik Wall I think I need to join the beta LOL OrionBeast begs a question, how do you join a beta? (for iOS?). joke: buy android phone. pls. don't downvote <3 Daniel I'M DOWNVOTING RIGHT NOW! JK Pls don't downvote me. Serge Cebrian Downvoting ... Plz dont Downv..... Nah I don't care downvote me into oblivion Just kidding Don't downvote me Drakenoid It's not just in beta. Тарас Мукин It's not an auto-translate, I believe you mixed up 2 different things in one. If you want to translate -- write actual words in one language and get words in other-- you have to press "translate" and type into field inside keyboard -- translated words will appear in main field. But what happens automathicaly is phonetic input -- you write hindi words using english letters, basically transcription. It has to be specific phonetic keyboard layout. The same thing is used in Japanese input for a long time already, as long as their alphabet (kana) is too big to fit in QWERTY-like layout. Paul_Werner Do you know how to have this working now in GBoard? I don't know if it's possible but it'd be nice to test out the transcription feature. I am already on beta and have the translation feature Drakenoid Go into gboard settings>languages you'll find the options there, it should be obvious there. OrionBeast It's good to see Google integrating their services quite nicely. Especially with all the AI features coming along quite well. Rachel Murphy I'am freelancing online, conducting normal things that simply demands from you computer desktop or laptop and just internet accessibility and so I couldn't be delighted... Six months have passed when i started this and i attained till now in whole 36,000 bucks... Basically i gain almost $80/h and work for three to four h on daily basis.And brilliant thing about this job opportunity is that you can decide when to work on your own as well as for how long and you receive money at the end of each week.>>>> http://vzturl.com/bni14 Amandafpotter Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj341d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj341d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash341TopAppGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj341d..,.... Paige Turner I'am freelancing on the internet, working on normal projects which needs from you desktop or laptop computer and also internet accessibility and so I couldn't be delightful... Half a year have passed when i began this and i attained so far in total 36,000 bucks... Basically i earn profits almost $80/hour and work for three to 4 h on daily basis.And incredible point regarding this work is that you can actually decide when to work on your own and for how long and you get paid by the end of each week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Jack Harris I'am freelancing over the web, finishing basic gigs that requires from you desktop computer or simply laptop and internet accessibility and so I couldn't be more satisfied... Half a year have passed when i started this and also i gained up till now overall $36,000... Basically i benefit around 80 bucks/h and work for three to four h every day.And outstanding thing about this work is that you can decide when to do the job on your own as well as for how long aand you are compensated at the end of each week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Shannon Butler Home based mother Kelly Richards from New York City after resigning from her full-time employment been able to earn from 26000$ to 28000$ on a monthly basis from freelancing in the home... This is just one way she working it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Scros97 So.... NO MATERIAL DESIGN WEB CALENDAR? Daniel That's happening in Q4 JG When they were talking about Android Go and she said something along the lines of "While Google Go-ifies our apps, we're opening it up to you, the developers to" I had to laugh... Google has been stressing Material Design as a unified design scheme for how many years now, and they still haven't managed to implement it across all of their properties yet... And that's basically just cosmetic changes. Making a Go app should require a little more work re-designing the app to use less bandwidth and local storage etc. [* and considering how well Allo turned out as a re-design of Hangouts ... but that's another story] Raviteja Rachuri The google lens and Suggested sharing are the things that caught my attention the most. Looking forward for using them. Hope they launch 'Google Home' in India. Bankyy Pakorn so nothing exciting..feels like android has been stagnant in its innovation department for years now. Roy https://youtu.be/2wCPFbb6cVQ?t=177 Filipe Santos It's only my impression or Google didn't talk about Waze on AA? lol 4Ui812 Boom boom boom let me here you say Google I/O ....... l/O Boom boom boom let me here you say Google I/O ......... I/O every time I read this headline this song pops in my head. netsurfer912 A bit weak, but mostly welcome. Jadephyre All I took away from that is Google giving rooted users the finger. Why even still use Android if they start pulling the same shit Apple is doing? Roy I'm happy they doing that. Android never was about open in every way for rooted users. It's about everybody can do whatever they want with the OS In simple way that not like Apple. Now that qwllity of the will go up. And the developers will be more focus on great apps on great OS. I'm sorry for you guys but you're not even 1% of the 2 billion users of Android. Kevin Peck One point you are missing here. For a lot of devices - looking at you Samsung - you have to root and install a ROM to get OS updates. Samsung drops support so quickly and phones are stuck back on Marshmallow or worse. People root and update just to get access to newer Google features, they don't really desire a rooted phone. This will go away with the new way Google plans to update devices getting the hardware vendor out of the way when possible. Roy First we're going to get project Treble ion Android O that will help Samsung and others to update their phone faster and for longer. Second, most of the users buying new phones after 2 years and you already got updates for that period of time. Who is buying Galaxy 8 right now will get in this time in 2019 update for Android P (if it's not already got better) and than buy Galaxy 10 or whatever he wants. Who that care much for updates can buy Google pixel for 3 years upgrade if not more with project Treble or SOC from Google that will give you 4 years of upgrades​ like Apple. Kevin Peck I think we are on same page. Treble should address a lot of these issues. I have rooted and installed ROMs for family members on older phones so they could access apps such as their bank apps. Root had to happen to ROM. They are not using the root to do anything odd but now they get locked out of NetFlix (example) sucks because the hardware manufacturer gave us no other choice. Not everyone, especially the college students I have helped, have money to buy a new phone every few years. Heck most of them buy old phones on purpose as they are poor. Roy Ok this problems like almost doesn't exist here in Israel because, we don't have apps from the bank that not work with old version. The problem here lots of device on old version of OS. OK if they poor, you got already Android One in US no? That have upgrade close to the Pixel. I really believe that project Treble will Will solve this problems that everyone can enjoy great OS on their devices. Brian Himes Simply put Android needed root as the original versions were pretty terrible. Now there is no reason to unless you really into doing code work yourself or want to run different Rom's. Ismaheel Owolabi Nice. http://www.successtechz.com/2017/05/download-my-etisalat-mobile-app-and-get.html Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.505s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Here’s how Google plans to make money from Google Assistant +4,370 Andrew Myrick May 25th, 2017 At Google I/O, the Big G introduced “Actions on Google” which would be a new way for you to interact with the likes of Google Assistant. These actions would be made available to any device running Google Assistant and can help you perform an array of tasks, including the ability to make purchases with nothing more than your voice. However, seeing as Google is in the business of making money, there were some wondering how Google would be capitalizing on this new move. We now have our answer as Google’s senior VP of ads and commerce, Sridhar Ramaswamy, shared the information at the Google Marketing Next conference. When making purchases through Google Assistant, you will see selected partners at the top of the list. These partners are working with Google, and will give Google a kickback in what was called “the equivalent of an affiliate fee.” New Beauty & the Beast promo is one way Google could monetize Home. cc: @gsterling @dannysullivan pic.twitter.com/9UlukSocrO — brysonmeunier (@brysonmeunier) March 16, 2017 We first got an idea of this earlier this year when Google Assistant made mention of Beauty and the Beast when users asked their Google Home for a daily agenda. This was just a paid advertisement, but definitely threw users through a loop, as there was no mention of the ad being played beforehand. However, Ramaswamy stated in the interview that Google’s primary focus at this time has nothing to do with ads or making money from Assistant. This is due to the company’s efforts to continue improving the user experience, making sure that all the t’s are crossed and i’s are dotted before rolling out more ads to users. While you can rest easy knowing that ads won’t be showing up regularly on your Google Home just yet, there’s definitely a chance this could change in the future. [Recode] local_offer    Google   Google Assistant   Google Home   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (3) stars Further Reading Be careful buying a Pixel after it was purchased through Project Fi Google and Samsung in Forbes top 10 Change Google Assistant's default input method Google's $5,000 Jamboard goes on sale Pixel XL 5,000mAh battery case is only $48 for limited time stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertHow To: Get the Android O Pixel Launcher close[DOWNLOAD] How to get the Android O Pixel launcher on your smartphone The Pixel Launcher from the latest version of Android O has been made available for download if your device is running Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow or above. 2 more_vertNexus 6P and 5X getting an Android O upgrade error closeGetting the Nexus 6P & 5X: Android O Upgrade Error? More than a few users have confirmed having issues when attempting to upgrade their device to the latest Android O developer beta. Here’s what you can do to fix some issues, and why it’s happening. 3 more_vertT-Mobile fees to increase closeT-Mobile fees are going up if you’re not on T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile is announcing a slight fee hike for those not on T-Mobile ONE. 4 more_vertDave Burke spills the beans on Fuchsia OS closeSo Fuchsia may not end up taking over Android or Chrome OS after all During the Android Fireside Chat at Google I/O 2017 Dave Burke, Google VP of engineering for Android, was asked about the Fuchsia project and he provided a great non-answer. 5 more_vertTop 5 Apps of the Week closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (May 19, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 6 more_vert5 SMS applications to replace Google Hangouts closeRIP Hangouts, we hardly knew ye: Here are 5 alternatives to satisfy your SMS needs Now that Google has ended SMS support for Hangouts, we take a look at some of the best replacement applications that look to do the trick for your text messaging needs. 7 more_vertLG G6: One Month Later closeLG G6: One Month Later It’s been about one month since I posted my review of the LG G6, and I’ve been using the G6 as my daily phone for the better part of six weeks. Now that the initial hype has died down, I can share some long-term thoughts. 8 more_vertGoogle Photo Books are arriving on mobile devices closeGoogle Photo Books are appearing in the Photos app for some users already Despite Google stating that Photo Books would be launching on mobile devices “in the coming weeks”, it seems that some users are already seeing the option in the Photos mobile app. 9 more_vertSamsung pushes a big update to the Gear S3 closeThe biggest Samsung Gear S3 update is rolling out now Samsung is pushing a new update to the Gear S3 smartwatch which adds 13 new features to the wearable, including the launch of Partner Apps. 10 more_vertNew HTC U11 camera samples appear closeNew shots from the HTC U11 camera show its DxOMark score is indisputable [GALLERY] Another Flickr gallery has surfaced showing us even more shots from the HTC U11, with conditions varying from bright daylight, gloomy overcast, and night time beauty. No matter the scenario, it proves its DxOMark score of 90 is well-deserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 23 mins S&P 500 2,415.07 +10.68 (+0.44%) Dow 30 21,082.95 +70.53 (+0.34%) Nasdaq 6,205.26 +42.23 (+0.69%) Nvidia CEO shrugs off Google's efforts to undercut its growth engine Jordan Novet CNBC May 24, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Graphics chip maker Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) on Wednesday responded to a threat from Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL)'s latest efforts to use its own chip for artificial intelligence workloads. That effort could eventually blunt Nvidia's growth, which is being driven by companies using Nvidia's chips for AI processing. Nvidia has become closely associated with this type of computing in the past few years, and the stock has shot up as investors have caught on and sales have increased. Shares have appreciated more than 200 percent in the last year, and almost 30 percent since the beginning of 2017. Nvidia stock fell last week after Google announced the second-generation TPU, its most competitive processor, but it has since rebounded. 'We have one for free' In a blog post Wednesday, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang emphasized that his company has an ongoing collaboration with Google, while also indirectly belittling part of Google's tensor processing unit initiative. Additionally, Nvidia announced plans to release certain AI software under an open-source license. "We want to see the fastest possible adoption of AI everywhere. No one else needs to invest in building an inferencing TPU [what Google is doing]. We have one for free — designed by some of the best chip designers in the world." Google's TPUs are not available for companies to buy, unlike Nvidia's processors, but they will become available to rent out through the Google Cloud Platform. Deep learning, a type of AI that Google has embraced alongside other tech companies for a variety of applications, typically involves two phases. First, researchers teach computers — often armed with GPUs — to do things like detect cars in photos by feeding them lots of data. Second, once the computers have been trained, researchers send them new data and direct them to make predictions about it, given what they know. Google unveiled its first-generation TPU last year, although it was only meant for inference, a word describing the second phase of deep learning. The second version announced last week can handle training, the first phase, as well as inference, making its TPUs more of a threat to Nvidia's GPUs. But companies can access Nvidia's GPUs today on the Google Cloud Platform, and Nvidia works alongside Google to improve the performance of the Google-led open-source TensorFlow framework for AI, Huang wrote. "AI is the greatest technology force in human history. Efforts to democratize AI and enable its rapid adoption are great to see," Huang wrote. The new TPU delivers 45 teraflops of performance, while Nvidia's latest GPU, named Volta, provides 120 teraflops, Huang wrote. Soon Google will let third-party developers use Cloud TPUs; each one of them will draw on a motherboard containing four TPUs, delivering a total of 180 teraflops. More From CNBC Danger-seeking robots show how Microsoft could benefit from infrastructure boom Google can track your offline purchases Serena Williams joins Survey Monkey board Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next A Googler who interned at Facebook and Apple explains how to prepare for the most 'terrifying' part of the interview process Business Insider Hedge funds are betting billions that a stock loved by millennials will plummet Business Insider T-Mobile Will Pay Off Verizon Customers' iPhones If They Switch Consumer Reports Computer wins 2nd game against Chinese go champion Associated Press Morgan Stanley's latest prediction about the future of self-driving cars should terrify automakers Business Insider The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Finance Russell Wilson's divisiveness within the Seahawks reportedly has gotten to a point where some players want him 'exposed' Business Insider Trump reportedly slammed German carmakers and threatened to stop their sales in the US Business Insider iPhone 'saves life' of Manchester bomb victim by stopping flying shrapnel International Business Times Zuckerberg: We need to start building local communities right now Yahoo Finance Video Trump faces a climate change conundrum Yahoo Finance Here’s how much you need to save each month to become a millionaire in 20 years CNBC RadioShack's depressing Twitter account reveals how the company has hit a new low Business Insider Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Finance New iPhone 8 pictures mean our worst nightmare might be happening BGR News Zuckerberg gets emotional talking about an undocumented student Yahoo Finance Video Montana Is About To Send Trump -- And Democrats -- A Big Message ZapB: As a conservative, I'd like to take this opportunity to wave my hands around frantically and change the subject to Hillary. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.9k
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Big Step Snapchat rolls out self-serve platform for its vertical video ads Fool Us Thrice Everything Facebook has admitted about its measurement errors Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Mobile Marketing Get the most important digital marketing news each day. Facebook and Google have dominated smartphone screens for the past three years Facebook has three and Google has six of the top 15 apps, says comScore. Greg Sterling on May 25, 2017 at 9:39 am More Measurement firm comScore released its latest round of online and mobile rankings for the US market. Since comScore began reporting on mobile app penetration roughly three years ago, Facebook has been and continues to be the number one app. Moreover, the entire top 15 has been relatively stable. The chart below reflects the current mobile audience reach of the identified apps. Top Apps April 2017 Facebook has three apps in the top 15. Google has six. After that, Apple has three, followed by Snapchat, Pandora and Amazon. Let’s compare the same list for the preceding three years around the same time. The chart immediately below is from February 2016 (released in April). Appearing below but not on the 2017 list are Yahoo Stocks and Pinterest. Top Apps February 2016 Going back another year to 2015, Twitter is present, and so is Snapchat, which wasn’t on the 2016 list. It should be noted that these charts are just point-in-time checks, not necessarily representative of the rest of the year. Top Apps April 2015 If we go back farther still, to April 2014, we find Yahoo Stocks and Weather, Twitter and the Weather Channel. None of them are present in April 2017. Top Apps April 2014 Each year, two (or three) apps swap in or out of the Top 15 list, while particular apps may migrate up or down the list. What’s striking to me, however, is that the top 15 apps list has been surprisingly stable during a period of accelerating change and market upheaval. About The Author Greg Sterling Greg Sterling is a Contributing Editor at Search Engine Land. He writes a personal blog, Screenwerk, about connecting the dots between digital media and real-world consumer behavior. He is also VP of Strategy and Insights for the Local Search Association. Follow him on Twitter or find him at Google+. Popular Stories Google launches free Google Attribution, hopes to kick last-click attribution to the curb Conversion rate optimization tools coming to AdWords with new integrations Facebook rolls out software tool to make AMP, Apple News pages more like Instant Articles Related Topics Channel: Mobile MarketingFacebookGoogleMobile Marketing Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad iPhone iPad iOS OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses iPhone iPad iOS Home iOS More Color By Jason Snell, Macworld | May 25, 2017 3:00 AM PT News How iCloud Photo Library matches up to Google Photos Google announced major additions to Google Photos at I/O 2017. Where do Photos and iCloud Photo Library have to catch up, and should we be looking for from Apple at WWDC? Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Jason Snell More like this Hey Apple, let me control my iCloud Photo Library WWDC wish list: What we’d like from the Siri Speaker Apple Photos and Google Photos: Two photo apps compared Video Is Google Assistant better than Siri? | The iPhone Show Last week at the Google I/O developer conference, Google announced a raft of forthcoming additions to its Google Photos service. Since Google Photos runs on iOS and in any web browser, it’s a serious photo-storage option for Mac, iPhone, and iPad users—and in many ways, it’s way ahead of Apple’s Photos apps and iCloud Photo Library service. Then again, WWDC—Apple’s own developer conference—is in just two weeks. It’s an opportunity for Apple to declare where it’s taking Photos and iCloud Photo Library next. In the meantime, though, it’s worth pointing out where Google Photos is beating Apple’s offerings, and where Apple’s ahead—and how WWDC could be poised to change both sides of the equation. Apple’s advantages Apple I’ve spent an awful lot of time with Photos and iCloud Photo Library. You could say that I wrote the book on it, because I have. Spending that much time up close with any product makes you appreciate its features and deeply understand its flaws. Photos and iCloud Photo Library seem to be knocked reflexively by Internet commentators and critics alike, which is unfortunate—it’s actually a pretty impressive collection of features that work quite well. Keep in mind that iCloud Photo Library and the overhauled Photos app for Mac are only a couple of years old, and that the machine-learning features that allow Photos to let you search for all your photos of cats or zebras was only introduced last fall. These are, in some ways, Apple’s baby steps with a new product. Apple’s Photo offering has a few big advantages over Google Photos. If you’re a Mac user who prefers native apps to web apps, for example, Apple has a huge advantage—Photos is a real Mac application, while Google Photos runs entirely inside your web browser. There’s also the matter of security. With Google Photos, your entire photo library is available on Google’s servers, to be processed and analyzed in whatever way Google sees fit. In contrast, images in iCloud Photo Library are encrypted and Apple can’t see them when they’re off your device. There are a lot of advantages to Google’s approach, which I’ll get to shortly, but if you’re someone who feels uneasy about giving Google access to your personal data, Google’s approach will be a huge turn-off. Finally, iCloud Photo Library has an advantage on iOS that’s tied in to Apple’s status as the owner of the operating system. The Photos app can sync to iCloud Photo Library automatically, but third-party apps like Google Photos don’t have unlimited power to remain running in the background. Google Photos does its best to work around these limitations, but in my experience I can always count on my iCloud Photo Library to be properly synced with the latest changes in my library; with Google Photos, it’s a bit of a crapshoot. Google’s advantages Google Though Google’s reliance on analyzing your photos in the cloud is a drawback if you’re concerned about privacy, it’s got a lot of advantages. First among them, your photos need only to be analyzed once—and using Google’s powerful server hardware. Apple’s approach with Photos requires that every image be scanned for potential keyword matches on your device—which takes time and uses processor power, as many people discovered when they upgraded to iOS 10 or macOS Sierra last fall. What’s worse, the machine-learned keywords don’t sync via iCloud, so every device you use has to re-scan your entire library—a huge waste of time. With any luck, the next versions of macOS and iOS will allow photo data to sync across devices, saving this step. But the larger issue remains: Google’s ability to scan (and re-scan) your photos in the cloud lets it work faster and improve scanning quality as it adjusts its algorithms. Google also seems to have a head start on Apple when it comes to using machine learning; at the very least, the company has been quite vocal about how much it’s investing in its learning systems, while Apple’s been quieter on that front. However, I’m reluctant to claim that Google is destroying Apple in this area. I just did some random spot checks on my photo library in both Google Photos and Apple’s Photos app: Both of them produce some impressive finds as well as some laughable misfires. Yes, if I search for dogs in Photos, I’ll get photos of cows and cats. But when I do the same search on Google Photos, guess what? Cats and pairie dogs. That’s the state of machine learning today—on both sides of the fence. However, Google’s announcements last week show that it’s planning on leveraging what it learns about your photos in some clever new ways. The new suggested sharing feature will notice if people in your contacts list are present in photos you take, and ask if you want to share those photos with them. That’s a smart feature that Apple could implement, too—and is consistent with the Memories feature added to Photos last fall, which intelligently groups subjects and locations into collections. Google Photos will soon be able to print photo books, which will not come as news to Photos and iPhoto users who have been able to do this for more than a decade. But the fact that Google will use metadata gleaned from scanning photos via machine learning in order to assemble the books is intriguing. Apple’s book- and calendar-creation tools have languished since the iPhoto days; maybe people would be more inclined to print books or photos if the same technology that powers Memories could be used to lay them out? Google’s announcements at I/O included one that’s been on my mind in the two years since Apple introduced iCloud Photo Library: Sharing your library with a trusted partner. Though Apple has offered the ability to link iTunes accounts used by a family together for a while now, that feature is basically unconnected to iCloud Photo Library. (The one exception is a family shared album, which lets you manually choose to share photos—scaled down to three megapixels in size—with other family members.) My wife and I have wanted to pool our photo libraries for ages now—the alternative is for me to occasionally plug her iPhone into my Mac and import her photos, and for her to ask me to AirDrop photos I’ve taken to her when she wants to post them to Facebook. Google Photos will allow that now—and Apple needs to follow suit. But, you’re saying to yourself, what if you want to share some but not all photos with a partner? Google’s announcement takes this extra step, letting you specify that certain sorts of photos—for example, photos of specific people—be shared, while others aren’t. While offering an all-or-nothing library sharing feature would be nice, it’s even better if sharing can have some granularity. Google’s headed there now. Will Apple follow? Google’s added even more intelligence to something that was already a strength of Google Photos—intelligently analyzing your photos and suggesting ways to make them better. At I/O, the company demonstrated an editing tool that detected a chain-link fence between a camera and the subject and removed it automatically. Google Photos already will assemble animated GIFs out of a series of still photos, ready for sharing. This sort of stuff is smart, because it offers new ways to enjoy and share our photos without requiring us to do extra work. That’s one of the next frontiers of photo technology—how do we take the tens of thousands of photos in our libraries and the dozens more we shoot on a daily basis and do something with them? It’s too much for a person to wade through manually. We need intelligent assistants to help us do the job. Google and Apple are both heading there. I hope Apple’s still working hard on this front and we’ll find out more in June at WWDC. Finally, one last note about where Apple’s behind: The cost of storage. Google offers unlimited free photo storage, though if you’ve got very large photos or videos, those items will be stored at a reduced resolution. If you pay extra to keep those large items at full resolution, Google’s cloud storage costs what Apple's does, but it's awfully hard to argue with free. Apple allowing families to share storage would be a positive step, as would offering a free tier that would allow a generous amount of iPhone backup and photo storage. Apple’s photo offerings aren’t out of the game. It’s got some tough competition, but it’s been making strides of its own. Let’s hope that with iOS 11 and the next version of macOS, Apple’s approach to storing and sharing photos keeps getting better. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: iOS Photography Photos Jason writes about Apple at Six Colors and podcasts at Sixcolors.comRelay FM and The Incomparable . Before that, he was the lead editor at Macworld for more than a decade. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google: No Index Is A Directive, It Doesn't Control Crawling Google: No Index Is A Directive, It Doesn't Control Crawling May 25, 2017 • 8:22 am | (15) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story There are many ways to control how Google crawls your web site but one of them is not the noindex tag. Google will still crawl your web site and web pages with the noindex tag on them. It needs to, in order to know what not to index. You can use robots.txt, nofollow, and other means to try to slow or prevent what Google picks up on but not the noindex tag. John Mueller of Google said it again on Twitter saying the "noindex is an indexing directive, it doesn't control crawling." @s17pur noindex is an indexing directive, it doesn't control crawling.— John ☆.o(≧▽≦)o.☆ (@JohnMu) May 24, 2017 Google has a huge help section on how you can control crawling of your web site. So read up on that for specifics. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Google's New AdWords Interface To Launch To All By End Of Year   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 05/19/2017 08:48 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Google Ad Hub (beta) Connects User Spending With Ads on its System Internal Anchor Text Causes Wrong Page to Rank in Google? Digital Point Forums Green Monkey Games - Mobile Game Developer 加拿大劳瑞尔大学大学毕业证Q/微信790042814“办加拿大WLU毕业证成绩单/学历学位认证,雅思托福,在读证明,录取通知书Wilfrid Laurier University Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/24 4:33pm PDTMay 24, 2017 33 Plus 1 on G+ 105 Share on Facebook 85 Share on Twitter Total Shares223 Applications Google Google has been improving Gboard with the same type of tools it uses for speech recognition: machine learning. The budding technology is rapidly becoming a ubiquitous method for improving results and performance. If a network can be trained to accurately accomplish something in a performant way, odds are you'll see it introduced to any product it can be applied to. Gboard and text-input as a whole are no different, and we are reaping the benefits of improved corrections and predictions every time we swipe out a low-accuracy message to a friend. But how do these improvements work? This is going to be a pretty technical post, and I'm going to do my best to simplify things to a level where everyone can enjoy the subject. All of this is based on a recent Google Research blog post. If you are really into machine learning and you already know what every term I might use means, the source link is probably the best place for you to learn about the cool new stuff in Gboard. If, however, you think you might want a few of the concepts or terms explained, then this article might be the place for you. Google's latest research blog post is all about one thing: Gboard. The authors talk about some of the new features that were shown off at I/O, like the transliteration tools for typing in a language you might only have a phonetic familiarity with. But the biggest things discussed in the article relate to how input is determined, and the models and math that determine which swipes equate to which words, and how to most accurately correct mistakes. The two solutions Google has found revolve around its neural spatial models for processing input, and finite-state transducers for state progression to accurately determine content. These sound like complex ideas, but their cleverness can be explained. Input Neural spatial models are just a fancy way of saying machine learning applied to any space. For instance, the physical Gboard keyboard layout itself. When we type, we sometimes type wrong. And when we swipe, we sometimes swipe wrong. I might have meant to drag over "P" for this word, but I only made it to O. That's where these neural spatial models come in handy. They are able to determine probabilities for which letters you meant to hit based on physical proximity of input, as well as predictive models based on trained corrections. Originally, Gboard used a Gaussian model, combed with a set of simple rules. That's a fancy way of saying it used physical proximity in a sort of bell-curve out from a given key, combined with a basic understanding of certain common errors. The developers have replaced the older Gaussian and rule-based model with an LSTM, or long short-term memory model, trained by a CTC, or connectionist temporal classification. Big somewhat scary acronyms, but they're actually pretty simple ideas. A long short-term memory is a particular kind of neural net ideal for use in applications of intermittent or unknown event/time latencies, and Google has previously used these for speech recognition, the Google Assistant, and Google Translate. A connectionist temporal classification is a specific method of training a neural network. After all, a neural network is nothing without data to derive weighted triggers and values from. In this case, it means segmenting data input to the network by time and allowing the network to retroactively refer to input, states, and output before and after the current set. To further simplify, it means referring to data at many stages of analysis from multiple periods of time, increasing the value of context in the network's training. To pull data for training, Google used data sets comprised of information collected when users opt-in to share snippets, and set reverted corrections and suggestions as negative signals, and accepted corrections or suggestions as positive. To help visualize how it might work, we have this image. In the above, the left represents individual data points from the word "could" as swiped on Gboard. The right is a normalized temporal data for the same swiped input. By being able to refer to the probable center of an input, in temporal context with inputs that came before and after, we can tell that the overall path means "Could" even if we might not have hit a couple of letters quite right. Google was further able to adapt some of its speech recognition tools and data and apply it to corrections and suggestions in Gboard, optimizing things over iterations with a heavy dose of Tensorflow to increase the speed of analysis and output and decrease the number of errors. All that is well and good, but Google can also leverage the rules of a language to enhance predictions. As a basic example, consider: If you tapped O-T instead of I-T, Gboard can look at its dictionary and determine that "OT" isn't something you are likely to input, but that the similar "IT" is a word. Furthermore, "I" is physically close to "O," so you probably meant "IT." Easy. Well, Google is able to do a similar but improved sort thing via what is called a finite-state transducer. Processing To vastly over-simplify, a finite-state transducer, in this case, means an order of operations for processing input. The operational flow above shows the various stages of potential input for the words "I," "I've," and "If." In this image input at each stage comes before the ":" (with ε representing nothing as either input or output), and potential outputs are shown after the ":" as they each become logical. So we start having input the letter "i." From the top path we can see, if there is no additional input, then "I" is the correct output. If an apostrophe or space follows, followed by the letter "v," then "I've" is the likely output. If the letter "f" follows, then "If" is the likely output. The final two flows at the bottom return to start. You can think of it as just a series of rules for input and output. Google is able to use these same tools at other scales. For instance, developers can create these logical chains for whole words and their contexts, combined with the spatial models above and statistical likelihoods for possible inputs. These tools also apply to the transliteration features that were shown off at I/O. By implementing those same workflows and networks towards phonetically spelled input, it can guess what characters or words in another language you might mean. For anyone that might speak a language, but not know how to spell it, that's pretty cool. Unfortunately, if you can't read the language, you aren't really in a position to know if what it's typing is right or wrong, but it's still a useful tool. Output Gboard and machine learning are both pretty fantastically interesting and complex subjects. I hope our simplification of the tools behind it has helped you understand a bit more behind how it all works. It's useful to have knowledge about how the things we use on a daily basis work, not just in an abstract sense for intellectual fulfillment, but to provide us with a base for troubleshooting when things might go wrong. Now when GBoard makes seemingly odd recommendations, you might have a small idea as to why. Source: Google Tags AI autocorrect gboard machine learning neural networks predictive keyboard video subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon's LG K8 V is getting an update to Android 7.0 Nougat ... Next Story Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more ... Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments KlausWillSeeYouNow Despite all this, Gboard is total and utter shit at predicting what it is I'm trying to say. It's also buggy and crashy as hell. I switched to SwiftKey and haven't looked back. elijahblake it is very, very, very, bad at predicting correct words.. I do miss swiftkey sometimes. I guess i'm just hanging in there hoping the gboard starts learning. Just today instead of "this" it put "thoe" Dennis Ulijn I accidentally typed htought and it corrected it to brought instead of thought... Like... Why?! dimm0k I've mentioned this before... prior to the change of name to Gboard when it was Google Keyboard, the prediction was actually decent! since the name change however I agree that the prediction has been pretty crappy! words that I've typed pretty often still get mistaken for some other random word that doesn't even work in the sentence I'm typing out! JD I'm not the only one the noticed. That since the GBoard change it's turned to shit. When it was Google Keyboard it was neck and neck with Swiftkey David Thoren That's interesting.. I've never really used the prediction to type with, I just swipe through without looking, so I can't really speak to that.. But I have never seen Gboard crash or even get unstable. KlausWillSeeYouNow Gboard is totally unstable on my LG V20. Maybe it's just something specific to my device – but only recent versions of Gboard have had this issue for me. I miss the days of Google Keyboard, a stable product that actually worked. gv Haven't had any stability problems with g'board; don't think it's even crashed once on my axon7. But then again, it doesn't work worth a damn either, so is that really such an accomplishment? KlausWillSeeYouNow Yeah. Amen. Sounds like you and I should have a beer sometime. We clearly feel the same about Gboard. gv You can apply all the fancy machine learning you want, doesn't change that gv is total shit at predicting swiped words... it's so bad that I've gone back to swype despite it being a resource hog and slow. My favorite thing is you'll swipe a word, and gv will take a guess and be really wrong. So you'll back over it, swipe it again and gv will guess the EXACT SAME WORD. So you'll back over it, swipe it again, and gv will now be so sure that it won't offer *any* alternative suggestions (even though the alternative suggestions were also wrong) the third time. Machine learning, my ass! Machine stupidity; if it wasn't the correct word the first or second time you can be damn sure it's not the correct word the third time! So then you type in the word you actually want, and next sentence you need the same word. Idiot gv then suggests the original word AGAIN when you swipe it. Machine learning, my ass! At least swype is smart enough to know that if you just used a word it didn't swype in correctly, next time you swype something close to that (even if you didn't permanently add it to the dictionary) that's likely the word you wanted! KlausWillSeeYouNow AMEN! PREACH! I second this. It's so annoying. You said it better than I ever could, pal. Whatever Gboard's doing, it isn't working. Carson Saldanha I'm even on the beta on my 2014 Nexus 6 and it's running just fine--no crashes or anything. blahmoomoo If they can one day figure out when I mean to say "if" or "of", I'll be happy. It feels like less of a problem recently, but it still happens sometimes... Lare2 The problem I have with Gboard is that when you write on two languages and forget to change the language, over the time, it will start suggesting words on the wrong language. Rod This. On the other hand, Swiftkey handles languages nicely. h4rr4r It does this to me constantly. What I hate is that enabling a language for this requires adding its keyboard. For languages with the same alphabet but different layout it is really annoying. big_al77 I love gboard. Best keyboard for a while now Miku is Best Vocaloid I started using it as soon as they added bilingual prediction. Ha hecho mi vida mucho más fácil. Joseph Walker Home-based mom Kelly Richards from New York City after giving up from her full time work managed to get paid from 26000 dollars-28000 dollars a month from freelancing in the house... This is how she working it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Cynthiajchester Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sb192c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sb192c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs482ShopFinanceGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sb192c:....,........ Max I always used it anyways but that was a looooong awaited addition for me! Ahora puedo escribir mis mensajes en spanglish sin problemas :) matteventu And why the hell when I write in Italian it often tells me "Download now the Portuguese dictionary" (or some shit like that) as a tip? Can't it understand that I'm writing in Italian, with also the Italian dictionary set up? Lare2 It's​ doing the same to me when typing in Spanish. Stu I've finally made the switch from fleksy to gboard. Not the smoothest transition but there are some pluses. I just wish that when I turned off auto capitalization it worked for everything and not just the first letter of a sentence. Wouldn't mind if it knew that punctuation went at the end of the last word, even if I put a space already (like with commas). Would also be nice if when I added words to the dictionary it knew better when to suggest them or auto add them. Even when I add shortcuts in the dictionary I still have to type very deliberately, add apostrophes myself, etc. My name is…. A far lesser keyboard to Swiftkey. Mike Each have their pros and cons, I personally prefer Gboard for it's speed but Swiftkey has more features going for it. KlausWillSeeYouNow There's nothing fast about having to correct nearly every word Gboard predicts or swipes wrong. It will change correctly typed words, like "got," to stuff that can neither be contextually nor structurally related, like "hey." It was just like torture. I wanted to love Gboard but couldn't :( Aaron I want to love Gboard still. Just couldn't keep using Swiftkey after after the MS buyout. KlausWillSeeYouNow Why? It's not like it has Outlook built in or anything. Prezes Dyrektor Because Microsoft spying on us is evil, and Google or Facebook for example are fair and righteous /s Aaron IDK. My ever growing disdain for Windows has expanded to all Microsoft products. It's not necessarily rational. Brandon Giesing I'm pretty sure they mean speed as in it doesn't lag your whole device like SwiftKey does. Yeah you do waste more time technically because correcting stuff non-stop but Gboard is definitely faster than SwiftKey when it comes to not lagging. KlausWillSeeYouNow I've had the exact opposite experience. Everything about SwiftKey is faster. Gboard is a lagfest. Dmitry Stepanushkin Sure some people will use swipe input, but I prefer tap, especially for English keyboard, it's much faster for me, and swipe feels unreliable. Mike I try to Swype all the time and it just feels like I'm wasting time versus just tapping. Christopher Bement Swiping is way faster for me. tlogank Gboard kills the battery on my S7 for some reason. I get more alerts about it eating my battery up than any other app. Wish that wasn't the case because it's my favorite keyboard, but I can't keep using it as is. Carson Saldanha Try setting the theme to black AMOLED. I know that shouldn't be the fix and probably won't fully fix it, but it'll for sure help a little and will only take a while until you get used to the look. tlogank I'm getting notices for it even when I'm not using it. It's like doing stuff in the background or something. Carson Saldanha Strange. Have you tried a reinstall? Christopher Bement What have you tried in an attempt to fix it? tlogank Not much besides uninstalling and reinstalling it. Doesn't seem to help for more than a day. Druter Gboard is one of the most inaccurate keyboards on the Play store right now. Sometimes it almost seems as if it's trying to make typing as full of errors as possible. I have taken to reading everything two or three times to catch the errors and it still manages to sneak some in there. I do not have confidence enough in Gboard to type even short sentences and hit send without proofreading. If this is machine learning, the machine needs to go back to school Captain_Invisible Yup! It is by far the worst correction I have ever experienced in a keyboard. I can press all the right letters for a word (that makes complete sense) just to have it "correct" to another word... obk88 just used it for about a week its very intriguing...using gifs, doing quick search from the keyboard and also used the translation option...but typing is just more effortless on swfitkey. Prediction is better on swiftkey, no suggestions in chrome or other apps is really annoying & gliding isnt as smooth...google is going in the right direction but this app still needs work...for now im back on swfitkey but keeping an eye on gboard for sure gv gboard may have machine learning algorithms, but they suck out loud. The ONLY thing it has going for it is launch speed. Other than that, it's far slower because it mis-predicts what word I'm swiping nearly 85% of the time. Seriously, I was swiping a text the other day and it didn't swipe a correct word. Eventually wound up thumbing the message just so I could talk! tehboogieman One of my biggest issues with Gboard is the inconsistency of whole word delete when swipe typing. I recently discovered there is a swipe backspace feature that I haven't read about anywhere that partially makes up for it, but I wish they would make the experience more consistent. If AP hasn't mentioned it yet it might be post worthy. I like a lot of the other improvements that Gboard has over the previous Google/AOSP keyboard. I've noticed a lot of improvements in text correction that takes a little getting used to, where it actually corrects groups of words or phrases in some situations. Still annoyed that I can't sync with my other devices just because I have one GSuite account EH101 The GSuite thing pisses me off. And it's not even the 'main' account. Martin AP wrote about the "delete whole words by sliding from backspace" thing back when it was introduced a year ago, but then the keyboard was still called Google Keyboard. Ailín Ó’S SwiftKey will remain my goto however. Nathan J And yet, they still can't tell the difference between to and too, or insist I meant CSV when I trace type "can." Rod Great post! Amarus Kh I've been trying Gboard for four weeks now since I got a new phone, but I just can't get myself to like it. I find it annoying that it doesn't show suggestions in many types of input fields (e.g. my email address in user fields, chrome search/address bar, etc.), swiping is unreliable most of the time, predictions are rarely relevant and don't seem to have improved with use, and so on. I'm going back to Swype. Dave i use texpand for emails h4rr4r Can machine learning add the rest of the keys to the keyboard? xphyle Swiftkey for the Win. Samson In German no sign of improvement so far. F4LL0U7 That's really great, but they still haven't fixed the bug where you can't open the emoji gallery when using a physical bluetooth keyboard. ChrisHigs Most of the time i find it pretty good, but occasionally *is* it's frustrating. Sometimes it won't suggest the word I want when I am *doing* swiping directly over the letters of the word but suggests *stone* some other *weird* word. Like cos. No chips. No I want chips. Grr. Cos. No again. Cos cos cos cos cos cos. What I was trying to type was "chops" but it won't let me. Surrey Street Surrey Surrey Street Surrey. Why won't it recognise "suet". Flip, grr, flip, no, flop *send* seems another tricky *I've* one. I'm not going over the i but it suggests flip instead of flop half the time. This is all *speed* swiped on gboard and the asterisks are incorrect suggestions it made. Martin Now if only Gboard could understand that when I type "har" ("have" in Swedish), I don't mean "här" or "hår" ("here" and "hair", respectively). Had I been using an English keyboard layout it would have been understandable, but with a Swedish layout Å and Ä are separate keys on the opposite side of the keyboard, meaning that I really, really didn't go anywhere near those letters. SwiftKey had the same problem, but fixed it many years ago. Kevin I'd consider gboard among the worst for autocorrect. Example: I type "if I spell" googles three auto corrects from left to right is spell, spelling and spelled. When is "if I spelling" ever right? And why is that center? Swiftkey however, from left to right; spelled, spell, and spell it. All improved and in an order that makes the most sense. xyz And a Happy Holi to you too, machine. Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 113 queries | 0.360s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Netflix was just the start: Google Play Console lets developers exclude app availability for devices that don't pass SafetyNet Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/05/18 3:57am PDTMay 18, 2017 99 Plus 1 on G+ 118 Share on Facebook 88 Share on Twitter Total Shares305 Google News Last weekend, a huge turmoil swept the root-enthusiast Android community as it was discovered then confirmed that the Netflix app was being blocked from showing up in search results on the Play Store for rooted devices. At the time, Netflix said it was using Widevine to block unsupported devices, but that made no sense to us: the app was still functional if it was sideloaded, it was only not showing up as compatible in the Play Store. So what sorcery was Netflix really using?! Turns out it's a new function of the Google Play Console. As part of the updates announced for the Play Console at I/O 2017, Google mentions a new Device Catalog section under Release management that lets developers choose with intricate granularity which devices their app supports on the Play Store. Devices can be viewed and excluded by many attributes including RAM and SoC, but the important factor we're interested in is SafetyNet Attestation. New "Device catalog" lets devs manage the exclusions. Developers will be able to choose from 3 states shown in the top image: not excluding devices based on SafetyNet, excluding those that don't pass integrity, or excluding the latter plus those that aren't certified by Google. That means any dev could potentially block their apps from showing and being directly installable in the Play Store on devices that are rooted and/or running a custom ROM, as well as on emulators and uncertified devices (think Meizu and its not-so-legal way of getting Play Services and the Play Store on its phones). This is exactly what many of you were afraid would happen after the Play Store app started surfacing a Device certification status. This is different from the full SafetyNet API implementation that apps like Android Pay and Pokémon Go use. In the case of Pay/Go, the attestation check happens when the app is installed on your phone and doesn't allow it to run unless it passes the integrity test. But in the case of the Play Console, the attestation check happens when you're browsing the Play Store and only affects the availability of the app for your device. If the full SafetyNet API isn't included in the app itself, you will still be able to grab the APK from other sources, install it, and the app will work just fine. Still, this spells trouble for rooted users and the Android enthusiast community as a whole. Google keeps erecting more and more obstacles each day in the face of root and custom ROMs and even if this won't stop root users who should be knowledgable enough to know how/where to grab an APK and install it, it will make things more and more difficult and maybe less and less worth the trouble. But y'all are rebels and you'll keep on finding a way around it, won't you? Alternate title: At the root of the Android community's troubles, this SafetyNet catches everything Source: Google Play Console at I/O 2017,  Device Catalog support page Tags alternate titles custom ROM developer console excluded devices Google Play Console netflix play store excluded devices root safetynet subscribe ... Previous Story Google Assistant can now control more appliances and smart home devices including Roomba, LG, ... ... Next Story Funny video: 8 accents are tested on Google Home, Alexa, and Siri with 4 different questions Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments siddude11 This is amazing, finally! Nice move Google. Suicide_Note Not sure if serious, but either way, this was just a matter of time. YouNex Obviously not serious EowynCarter So, question : Is there anyway to get android O in the future on my nexus 6 and not having problems with this ? IF manufacturer where taking care of updating their devices, wouldn't be an issue... saf1927 If Magisk keeps working, yep. You can. Even my old Nexus 5 is on 7.1.2 and it passes SafetyNet. EowynCarter I want "just work" stuff. Not workaround. Maybe Magisk does the job for some, but not an acceptable solution from my point of view. Mainly the "we don't know if it will keep on working" part. saf1927 Well, it's the best solution so far and it has improved a lot since its inception. I never bothered since the Nexus 5 was a secondary device for me, but now that some apps won't show up anymore on the Play Store, I simply flashed Magisk and that's about it. I haven't tweaked anything. Plus, if you are already flashing a custom ROM, flashing an extra zip file isn't that much work anyway. EowynCarter True, but it's the phone I use dailly. I don't want apps sudendly not working, becasue google decided to push an update that broke magisk. mxwp well if you want things to "just work" then i guess get an iPhone EowynCarter Sadly, I'm beginning to think about that. But that would cause others frustrations. ED-Zが現れた! Well, people will just flock to root-supported apps... Milton P. I actually forgot when was the last time I Rooted a device. No biggie. Suicide_Note The bad thing is it isn't just root that causes problems. Simply unlocking the bootloader will produce the same result. Maxr1998 Just because it's no biggie for you, it doesn't mean everyone approves this. I am actually pretty concerned, because this limits the freedom over our devices even more.. Milton P. Define freedom, please. Maxr1998 Software freedom, to be more specific. You should have the freedom to use and modify your device and it's software however you'd like, and have fill control over it. That means, root access. And since the AOSP core IS free software, the 4 freedoms defined by Richard Stallman apply to it. What this change now introduces is that you're forced to decide between either giving up the freedom over your device or not using the app you wanted to download (which will probably have to be my choice, and that sucks). Milton P. But you're not giving up anything, you just have to make a choice. If you put that way, Google has the freedom of doing with the AOSP core whatever they want, the same way you can modify said core and do as you please, the difference is Google has more money and more responsibilities when it comes to their user base. XDA and other sites will still have a bunch of developers making whatever they please (within the AOSP terms) with the AOSP core. This will just change thinks for the people that use those ROMs bit realistically the vast majority of users won't feel the changes. Sad but true. h4rr4r That choice is giving up freedom you had before. The vast majority will see the rate of Android improvements slow as the Devs on XDA and the like lose interest. Android only exists because of Linux, now it is turning its back on that whole culture. Milton P. Well, I don't see your freedom compromised to be honest with you, but we're seeing things from different angles so that's that. Sorry for your loss in that case. h4rr4r You do not think losing control of your device is a loss of freedom? Milton P. Nope, is just a device, I have more important stuff going on, m device is a tool the same way a hammer is a tool, you can buy a hammer and use it as it is. Sometimes my device is a toy, if I buy a remote control car I'll modify it as long as it is possible, the same way I modify my phone. I have control over my phone. I can install whatever I want at my own risk. If I decide to root my phone I expect things to be broken. I remember when I had an HTC and I hated sense so I decided to install a custom ROM, I gave up the camera and I was aware of it. There was always some compromises with custom ROMs, nothing is changing. I rather have a safe device then a compromised one today, still my choice thou. h4rr4r So you want IOS. Got it. Over here I want freedom. I don't think homedepot should be allowed to tell me what I can hit with the hammer I bought. trparky Open platforms rarely stay open once they become popular. Once the Benjamins come rolling in it tends to override open. h4rr4r Tell that to Linus Torvalds. I am sure he will have many many fuck yous for you. trparky Linux is the rare situation. h4rr4r The rare situation like many others that created android and even google. trparky Yeah but look at Android, the walls are closing around it and there's nothing you can do about it. Face it man, the geeks may have built the system but the common man now rules it. Geeks love choice, yes, they do love their choice but your average person doesn't give a rat's ass about choice. All they want is a device that does what they need it to do when they want to do it. They have no inclination to learn how it works or why it works just as long as it does. This is what geeks do not and refuse to understand. h4rr4r Sure there is, stop using it. Then the common folks will have to follow us to the next platform. trparky As long as their is money involved in maintaining Android it doesn't matter if something better comes along, people will continue supporting Android because it makes them money. Money makes the world go round, get used to it. Maxr1998 ^ What @h4rr4r:disqus says. trparky Yep. The root and ROM community is such a small portion of the Android ecosystem that they really don't matter to them. People have been screaming at Google for years to get the Android house fixed up, this is them doing just that. You can't blame them for doing what the people have asked for. mxwp I agree with you, but sadly you only have freedom over hardware. You can do what you want with the device you buy. But with software you never actually buy it... you only buy a license to use it. Thus you have no real freedom with software. Maxr1998 Android is free software, Apache 2.0 license. At least the AOSP part of it. trparky But the Google parts of it are not covered under the Apache 2.0 license. That's essentially why ROM developers can't package the Google Play Services pack with the ROM itself and instead requires you to download a separate ZIP package from Google to install it separate from the ROM package. Android itself may be free and open but the Google Play Services part is not. Sudev There are far more than few arguments against root access but here are some: Root access is meant for experimental & development purpose and not for Daily Driver for any average user of the platform. Google Play Services & Apps available on Play Store are not "Free Software". Google as provider of Play Services infrastructure has much more liabilities then one can simply assume. And also the app developers have responsibility to protect end users' data. If device has root access available and any rouge app / maleware steals other apps data which is possible, who will be at stack? Maxr1998 1) No, it isn't. Just look at Linux/Windows. There you need root/admin access for installing or updating applications all the time. You type in your password (on Linux) or click grant, done! Same with using e.g. SuperSu on Android, you grant the su request, done. 2) Google doesn't use it to protect YOUR data, they provide it as DRM method for 3rd parties - basically "locking down" your device. 3) Uhmmm.. Nope? If you root your device, apps can't just use the su rights without your permission - except if they use an exploit, which would also work on an unrooted device. And if you yourself give a malware app su rights because you couldn't understand the situation, it's completely your own fault. h4rr4r The ability to do anything I want with my things that I own. Milton P. You​ can do whatever you want with your device, nobody is stopping you. You might see that some apps are not showing up in the play store but you can still side load them, I still see freedom in your future. h4rr4r For how much longer? Soon these apps will ask play services if they are supposed to be installed on that device, at that point you can say goodbye to sideloading. If this is what people want then IOS was the platform for them. thecoolkid Ok Google, define freedom... 😁 Nick I would imagine a great deal of people on this site will be upset, but in actuality I don't think this will affect the user base of many apps that badly h4rr4r Not in the short term. However in the long term it will. Android only exists because of the FREE software movement. Nick Yes, but that doesn't apply to applications, which this is about. h4rr4r Think long term. Same thing applies. trparky No it won't because the root and ROM community is so small it doesn't matter to Google anymore. The 95% of people who simply want a device that works don't care and likely won't ever care. As long as they can play NetFlix, Pokemon Go, or whatever is the next craze they don't care. h4rr4r Again, that is short term thinking. Think past the end of your nose. Android exists because of linux. Google needs this small group to create the very stuff they rely on. trparky You overestimate the value that the community has now. Android may have needed the community back in the beginning to gain the foothold that it has in the market but not so anymore. Android has near 100% market penetration, they have achieved world domination. They don't need the community anymore, they have achieved their goals. h4rr4r Until they are unseated. IBM once had a monopoly on computing devices. They did not need the community to gain a foothold, they would not have a product to gain a foothold without the community. Android only exists because of a collection of those projects. trparky No, Android exists because Samsung, HTC, and LG make devices people want and it makes them money by the semi-truck full. The community doesn't mean shit now, all that matters to these companies is one thing... money, money, and more money. Oh, and did I mention money? This is capitalism man, money rules the world. If you don't make money you are dead. h4rr4r Please tell me how that would have happened without linux. Money loses to good engineering every day. Look at how linux killed solaris. trparky Tell me why Windows is the defacto monopoly on the desktop despite the fact that Linux is better in every damn way possible under the hood? That's right... money. h4rr4r Because the desktop is dead. The fight is over. They lost. Even money can't keep them relevant. trparky Oh, you're funny. The desktop is not dead, it will never be dead. When people need to do real work, they sit down at a desktop. When people want to play real games, they sit down at a desktop. When people need to type out anything longer than a page like a college term paper, they sit down at a desktop. The desktop is king and will always be king. Long live the desktop! h4rr4r The Desktop is a dead man walking. When they do real work, they use a Citrix session. When they game they use a console, or they are already nerds. When people type they can use a fucking chromebook. The desktop as you think of it died already. trparky Try and say that shit over at TechPowerUp, HardOCP, Overclock.net, TomsHardware, etc. and trust me when I say this... you'll be run out of town by people with pitchforks and torches. h4rr4r Those are all nerds. Those are the folks who have desktops running 3 different OSes. They are the folks who are pissed about android being locked down. trparky And your point being? You just admitted that only the "nerds" care about Android being open. Sure, those same "nerds" will go off and create a new platform but the rest of the people who are living in the real world and who don't care one damn bit about how it works will continue to use Android. h4rr4r Those people will eventually move to the new platform. Just like they did with Android. trparky And the same thing will happen to that platform in the future that's happening to Android now. Open platforms are nice and all, I'll admit that, but your average person doesn't care one bit. I dare you to go up to any person on the street and ask them anything about Android. What phone do they have? What model? Most will say "I don't know, something that my carrier gave me for cheap." h4rr4r The wheel of computing we call it. It has happened and will happen again. So what? trparky Which reinforces the idea that I said before, eventually all open systems will become closed (or less open) at some point in their life cycle. It usually happens when it becomes popular with the common man. Why? Because like I've been trying to get through your thick skull, the average person doesn't care how any of this stuff works so long as it works. h4rr4r The average person does not matter. Few open systems become closed. AOSP is still fine. trparky What the hell do you mean by "they don't matter"? They're the ones buying the devices, buying the apps, looking at the ads, etc. Just how the fuck does that translate to "they don't matter"? h4rr4r Because they don't. They don't create, they don't cause new things to be created. They are just users, just like I don't matter to how movies are created. trparky But without money from the people who are consuming said things developers won't make new stuff. Developers do have to eat you know and put a roof over their heads. h4rr4r The giant world of FOSS pretty much proves you wrong. Demand cannot create supply. I don't pirate anything kiddo. I have way too much to lose for that. One of those lawsuits I would actually have to pay, since I could. trparky I'll give a hint on how FOSS works a lot of the time. Some of the top tier Linux kernel developers actually work for companies and they just contribute code in their free time. They may work for Intel, AMD, nVidia, or God knows what but only after their day job is done. Why? Because they need money and they need to eat. This is a basic requirement for people in this world. They need money!!! People don't just write code for the love of it, even Linus Torvalds who's in charge of the Linux kernel itself works for the Linux Foundation and yes, he gets paid for his work to the tune of $10 Million a year. Sorry to burst your bubble man but FOSS projects aren't all happy, happy, joy, joy here... people need to be paid real money to be able to eat, drive a car, put a roof over their heads, etc. On second thought, I'm not sorry I burst your bubble! You need it burst! PEOPLE NEED TO BE PAID REAL FUCKING MONEY!!!! h4rr4r No, they get paid to contribute. During the work day. Not as a hobby. Lots of projects are like that. I won't say exactly how I know about that ;) Their employers just aren't as short sighted as you. Linus did not however create linux to get rich. Great code like great art gets created because it must be. People do what they love. Kid, you will get it one day. When you have enough that you aren't worried about it each day, money stops being that big of a deal. Don't worry everybody goes through a phase like you are now. trparky Dude, we are not the Federation of Planets here living in a happy, happy, joy, joy world in which people can just do whatever they want to do without a care in the world. As long as human greed exists there will always be a need for money. And believe you me, greed will never go away unless we breed a new kind of human and I don't see that happening any time soon. Gene Roddenberry's future will never happen, it just won't. Contrary to a lot of geek dreams it just won't. h4rr4r No idea where you got that idea. Never suggested it. My point was the personal relative value of increasing income drops as income goes up. If you make minimum wage doubling your income is a huge deal. Adding the same amount to my income would not get me to take a job I like less. Offering it to Linus would be a waste of time. Yes, some people will keep chasing dollars, they are the exception not the rule. The employers are working on enlightened self interest. Either they use the FOSS product, gain market advantage with direct knowledge, use it for marketing or believe they are getting something else. PostgreSQL for example has a lot of paid contributors who work for companies that either provide customization, consulting or depend on the project. Others just because it increases quality. Commercial software by and large is not high quality. I have seen a lot of it and 90% if you tried to submit it to a FOSS project of any size would get you denied and possibly mocked. This system continues to be more innovative because it is easy to continue to expand. Anyone with a good idea can fork if their idea is not accepted. trparky > My point was the personal relative value of increasing income drops as income goes up. Tell that to the people in Washington or any CEO that demands ever increasing yearly salaries and end of year bonuses all while raping the companies that they work for. Tell that to the psychopaths on Wall Street. For as long as their is money, people will want more of it. Anyone who says that they don't is flat out lying. h4rr4r Those are the exception not the rule. That is why you call them psychopaths. Honestly, correcting for inflation I really don't care that much if I ever make more. Would it be nice sure, would I give up anything I like about my job? No. If you could double my income but it prevented me from contributing to FOSS projects or owning code I generate off the clock, I would not take that deal. If money was enough to make people do anything MS would have offered Linus $11 million a year to not write it. Heck, Sun would have done it while they were still around. trparky What can I say, I have a VERY cynical view of the world. This world is going to hell is a handcart and every day it's picking up speed. trparky What can I say, I have a VERY cynical view of the world. This world is going to hell is a handcart and every day it's picking up speed. Every day we're going faster and faster down that hill straight to hell. Those who have the money may survive but the rest of us poor slobs have no hope of surviving what's coming next. trparky Either you're a child that doesn't know how the adult world works or you're a fucking troll. h4rr4r So you have no idea who makes stuff, neat. I guess you think Henry Ford should have made a faster horse. trparky Oh, I know who makes the stuff I use but I also make sure that they are paid! I give money to those developers who write the programs that I enjoy and if I can't pay them I won't use their programs. I only use a program if I can pay for it. I have put money into their tip jars on their web site, I look for PayPal links and I donate even if it's something small like $5. They deserve it! h4rr4r Good for you! There is a lot of great software that does not make money that way. Some even just ask is that you follow the license, like linux which mediatek steals by not releasing kernel source. So I hope you avoid buying that kind of thing. trparky MediaTek controller chips are known to suck so I don't buy them out of that reason alone. h4rr4r Now I have given you another good reason to avoid them. Bunch of thieves. Rita El Khoury I don't even remember when I last bootloader unlocked. But I know this move toward closing the ecosystem further and further will have ripples in the future. The enthusiast community flocked toward Android for its openness and we have custom ROMs and their enterprising devs to thank for HUNDREDS of new features that they implemented first and everyone clamored for and applauded until they became features in AOSP. If Google thinks it can steer this ship alone and it knows best what to do next, we may have less and less interesting features in the future and more and more of what only one entity thinks is best, not a diverse set of opinions. Nick Given that this only gives the developer the option of requiring these checks, it makes me believe that Google had to do this for some companies that have regulatory or other kinds of requirements. Which is a shame for the rooted (and unlocked?) community, but understandable. Shame Google is most likely going to take the blame here in this comment section though. Rita El Khoury Well, maybe they had to, but that won't stop any developer from implementing it without any regulatory or legal requirement pushing them to do so. Nick Right, which puts this choice on the developer, not Google. Google was stuck behind a rock and hard place, perhaps. EowynCarter Well, google is certainly to blame for not planing to update my nexus 6 to android O. And now I can't even use custom rom as plan B without losing some apps :( Suicide_Note Boo hoo. Buy a new phone and quit crying that Google doesn't support phones forever. EowynCarter Fine can you order a pixel XL and ship it to me in France ? Plus, my nexus 6 still works, I hate having to replace working stuff. Makes no sense, economically and ecologically speaking. Suicide_Note I'll sell you my XL when I'm done with it, but only after i get the Pixel XL 2. :) EowynCarter Well, I do hope Google sells the "pixel 2 "( or whatever its name) here. For now, I'm'just hoping my nexus 6 don't break. Else I might jump on the iOS ship. I'm not convinced the the other android alternatives. Note 8 would be the closest, but touchwiiz, delayed updates.... I'm spoiled after a few years with a nexus. Suicide_Note There always eBay or Swappa if you want to get a first gen Pixel. I was looking at prices over the weekend, and mint condition Pixels are going for about $450. EowynCarter Not so much in France. And eBay for suff that cost more that a few bucks, too risky. Plus, the pixel is getting "old" by now. Wilton Daniel Pinto Troll found trparky Yet Microsoft still supports Windows 7 EIGHT YEARS LATER! How come Microsoft can do that yet Google can't? Alex Louderback Actually, that's Qualcomm EowynCarter Source for this ? trparky And Qualcomm can go fuck themselves. Gee... I wonder why they're being hit with an anti-trust lawsuit. Could this be one of many reasons why? trparky Yes, Google is to blame for that. There's no damn reason why your Nexus 6 can't run Android O other than the fact that they just don't want to. Bojan Bunić My bootloader was unlocked prior to changing the mobo on my 5X, courtesy of Booty Loops. Root, well, probably before I got my Nexus 4. Although I'll see how it'll go on in the future, as we don't have Pixels here, so the only near stock possibility is either OnePlus, or some other device and a custom ROM. Milton P. Agree 100% with you, I mean I remember the old days when I hated HTC's Sense, I literally decided that a phone without a camera was better than whatever HTC did back then, but Android has evolved quite a lot nowadays, don't get me wrong, I do believe that custom ROMs did a great job showing Google what the users want but that won't change, as long as someone shows Google what people want Google will keep improving Android, because there's no limits. Now if they go the Apple way and lock EVERYTHING then we'll be fucked, I'm the meantime developers will find a way around the system pushing Google along. Premsuraj An open bootloader and root actually solves a lot of problems still existing in AOSP. The Nougat update absolutely destoryed the battery life of many Nexus 6P devices, with Google only focussing on the Pixels, there was no fix in it. I unlocked, used Franco Kernel + naptime + Greenify and I now I get adequate battery life. Another feature I can think of is theming. Material design is good, but the whiteness is rage inducing Maxr1998 Well, fuck them. Let's just hope not many devs will use this, and Google won't enable this by default anytime soon. Maxr1998 The more I think about this, the more concerned I get. This will reduce the freedom over our devices, and also limit developers in the awesome things they could do before because of Android's openness. I am all in for device security and fighting against malware, trojans and phishing applications, don't understand me wrong, but that doesn't mean that you have to take people away their freedom - just look at how Linux (GNU and Linux) is doing it. Tom Westrick How does this limit developers? If anything it gives them more control. Maxr1998 Fair point, I should have been more specific. With "developers", I meant rom developers and modders, app developers only if they require root access for their apps. "Normal" developers can use this to enforce a "secure" (read: DRM locked-down) environment, but that's not really a good thing in my opinion.. (Refer to my other comments.) trparky You're angry at the wrong people, you should be angry at Hollywood; they're the ones that are demanding this kind of stuff. Their content, their rules; it's how things are in the real world. They have to do what they need to do to protect their investments, plain and simple. We don't necessarily have to like it, hell... we may even hate it, but that's how it is. You want the content? Play by their rules. Colin Richardson If you are an app developer and want your app to run on custom roms..... don't turn on "Requires SafetyNet"... bekifft We are increasingly living in the future Richard Stallman warned us about. With Google taking all these steps, may as well go back to using jailbroken iPhones. Bart Janusz I've already enabled it and I know at least 3 others devs that did it as well. I really don't care about root per se, but custom roms and xposed is source of countless problem as both are buggy as hell. Maxr1998 But in which way does that influence you? Xposed can introduce bugs to the system, sure, but it won't affect the performance of your app unless it itself is modded, so you probably don't have to fear bad reviews for bad performance anyway. And custom roms? LineageOS on my mother's Moto G runs like a champ and much better than the 5.1 stock rom before. And in my experience as a dev, there were much more incompatibilities with Samsung TouchWiz than with AOSP-based custom roms. refthemc I'm sure he's just trying to avoid the headache of emails he gets daily from users who have no idea that it's their fault the app is not working or crashing... Bart Janusz Indeed, not to mention extra crash and ANRs reports which seems to influence app positioning. Maxr1998 But why? The device may behave more buggy at some parts because of Xposed (and mine definitely ran like shit on MM because of some mods, but I NEVER blamed any apps), but the apps itself won't run worse if not modded - normally they should even run better if you only use performance mods like Greenify, NLP Collector wakelock disabler and other light mods. I don't think he gets many reports anyway, considering what @marcusmarcus2:disqus said. Bart Janusz You may not, but many users do, and as I said there are a lot of bogus ANRs and crash reports. Since my app depends heavily on low level OS elements both custom ROMs and xposed are deal breakers (and you really should check source, since I do not update my website as I moved to G+/FB but app has sizable user base given its niche and I'd to deal with ROM/xposed issues fequently). Maxr1998 Well, but the same type of users also give bad reviews etc. without using any mod or root. You generalize modders to only cause problems, and therefore lock out everyone. About your app/website thing: fair point, I didn't look at it yet, and have to apologize for being a little rude. marcusmarcus2 You need to take your own advice, "you really should check source". If you moved to G+/FB, then why does your app on the play store still point to the same website as well. Or at least put a link on the old website that directs to G+/FB. There is nothing that points to your so called G+/FB source. So @Maxr1998:disqus has no other source to check at the moment. Bart Janusz Not that I care but if you try to draw conclusion about app you should probably visit Play Store listing. Anyhow that's really not important I just chimed in to explain why developer will use this. I've choose to do so due to extra burden which in effect hurts majority of my user base, one of my colleagues cited lucky patcher and freedom (which I think is not such a good idea but its his choice). trparky You may not blame the apps because you know better but most people don't understand that, most people see a crashing app and suddenly you see, as the developer, a ton of comments saying that your app sucks. h4rr4r Please do tell us about your apps so we can be sure to avoid them on any devices we have not yet rooted. marcusmarcus2 His disqus profile leads to this website http://artflowstudio.com/ which has a few apps listed. Art oriented apps. There is only 1 update on that website since 2014, so I don't think I would be to concerned about installing one of his apps. Jordan Palmer Nice detective work. Adrian I can see a lot of refund requests coming from people who paid for apps and suddenly are told "Nope. Not for you anymore." A lot of us are rooted and buy apps and you'd better believe noise will be made if an app I use daily, that I paid for, suddenly breaks with an update because it's no longer blessed by the dev to run on my device. It's your app and you can do what you want with it, but there is always another side to the coin. BAlGaInTl That's not the way that Netflix worked it, and I doubt other developers of paid apps would either. I have a OnePlus One, that I run Lineage OS on since the original Cyanogen OS is now defunct and does not receive any updates. Netflix simply doesn't update to v 5+. It still works just fine. I may not get the newest and latest features, but part of that is on me for using a device that is dated. I'm not one of those users who, because I paid for an app once, fells that I should get all of the updates from now until the end of time. That isn't sustainable for developers. It could very well be that Netflix has some new features/offerings in the works in which they are getting pressure from outside sources to push this. A lot of valid reasons for a developer to enable the check exist. As long as they do it in the same manner that Netflix has, I don't see the issue. Adrian And just like Pokemon Go, eventually you'll get a message that you need to upgrade to the latest version or the app won't work, you know, that new version that won't let you actually log into it anymore. We've already seen this happen so let's not pretend that it isn't the next logical step. They aren't going to keep letting people sign in indefinitely with an app that doesn't have the security level they want. It's naive to think that hey I can just stick with the last version that works for root. It takes all of what, the time it takes to create a switch that says minimum version required to log in is "DRM version" BAlGaInTl Good Point. I recognize that. But it seems that the blame (in general) is being directed at Google in many of these posts. If that scenario happens, it isn't Google that blocked you from accessing Netflix. The need for this level of security is on the increase. The same users demanding better security and longer updates are the first ones to cry foul when Google starts laying the groundwork for exactly what they have asked for. Adrian I think there is a way to do both that doesn't piss off a very active community that helped take Android from a very very very ugly, second class OS to what we have now. I know a lot of us remember just how crippled Android was and it was the root/mod community that produced the bulk of what is now standard on Android. There needs to be a way to secure the devices AND not turn their back on the developer community that contributes. The idea, in Netflix's case, that root = pirate is insane. Why in the world would someone prefer to rip content on their phone to say a computer or XBox that is never going to move and can do it while you get on with your life? They're doing something for the sake of saying they're doing something, but if they think it's going to make a dent in piracy they, and the studios are nuts. I watch a lot of Netflix and still prefer to buy discs. People who do things the right way and are perfectly happy paying for content shouldn't have to jump through hoops to watch it. Those of us who root usually have a handful of things that stock Android is not doing for us. It's why we root. If all of these things were available in stock, my reasons for rooting would disappear but I don't see that happening any time soon. I think Android is getting so much better but if they make it exactly like iOS, might as well go to the dark side because Apple's apps tend to be more polished, come out first and OS updates are frequent. Don't bite the hand that feeds you just because you're getting more popular. BAlGaInTl I think that Netflix is a good example. It is HIGHLY likely that the reason for recent unpopular changes (see also VPN blocking) are being driven by other entities. It isn't that Netflix thinks its a problem, but the people that control a large portion of their content do. root pirate but it does introduce a security risk. I don't see how Google is turning their backs on developers. Developers are free to develop as they see fit and choose (at least for the moment) whether or not they will implement the SafetyNet check. The inherent problem is that a circumvented security is still circumvented and can no longer be considered secure. I can clearly see why some apps would and should frown upon that. Maybe not Netflix and Mario (IMHO), but certainly something like bank and payment apps. I don't think the inherent open nature of android will ever reduce to the level of iOS. But some changes have to occur to meet the needs/desire of the majority. Security is inherently difficult. The easier and more flexible you try to make it, the less secure it becomes. Adrian I do think banking apps should run in a secure space. Completely agree with that, but I disagree with root = less secure. My nexus devices stopped getting OS and security updates. Nothing. VERY insecure and dangerous. I rooted them, updated the OS with images from XDA developers and my devices that were once easy targets are more secure. There is always two sides to it. I see that Google is finally trying to take security seriously on Android and doing things in layers that completely cut out the vendor AND the carriers is the right step. Right now, Root is the only way to update a perfectly good device like my Nexus tablet tablet that the vendor said "oh well" to. Until Google has a REAL strategy in place to keep ALL Android devices secure, root will be necessary. Not everyone wants to or can upgrade devices every two years because they get abandoned. My father doesn't need an S8. He does need a device that gets security updates for more than a year after purchasing his phone. BAlGaInTl You are exactly correct, and I'm in the same situation with my OnePlus One. But in working to increase your security level, you leave holes behind. The key words that you used are "more secure." I agree. You are "more secure." But still (probably) less secure than a device that has been thoroughly tested, certified, and passes SafetyNet without hacks. Google has been open that they are working on security updates. They have improved significantly over the last couple years in getting those out. I feel that they are putting in place a real strategy to keep Android devices secure. This is part of that groundwork. I also feel that they are actively looking to replace Android in it's current state, and I can't say I blame them. The only real strategy may be to take lessons learned and start over. Lucky for them, they have the resources to do so. trparky > take lessons learned and start over Pretty much. The worst thing that they did from the very beginning was to allow for the OEMs to do what they wished. Google essentially made a deal with the devil when they released Android to the world. They wrote no requirements into the Android agreements that the OEMs agreed to to require updates to be a necessary thing. Big mistake Google. BAlGaInTl The really needed to in order to get their foot in the door of the market. If it would not have been open source from the beginning, none of the major manufactures would have bought off on it. The fact that they could use it for free (essentially) and still be able to customize on top of it is what sold it. trparky And now look at it, Android is a fucking mess of non-updated insecure devices that are ripe for anyone to be able to take over and turn into a botnet. trparky And you should be raising holy hell with the OEM that made that device! Just because your device is old doesn't mean that it shouldn't still be supported. Windows 7 is nearly eight years old and it still receives Windows Updates. Why can't your device? BAlGaInTl Normally, I would agree, but the OnePlus One is a special case. The OEM operating system is the now defunct Cyanogen OS. I had to balance having the original OS without updates, or running another with updates. The phone is now almost three years old. If I bought a PC with Windows on it three years ago, and Microsoft had since gone out of business, should the PC manufacturer be responsible for providing Windows 7 updates? Even though the PC is beyond it's support date? Sure, I can increase the security by switching to another OS that is updated. It may even be a Windows clone. But if a software developer decided to only support "original, unmodified" PC configurations, that would be within their right. trparky But it can be adapted to run LineageOS. Sudev There is bit difference in analogy here: OnePlus manufactured the phone and Cynogen Inc customized AOSP Android OS for it, they didn't developed it from ground up. I understand that Cynogen INC is out of business now too. However in PC world, it would be the case that you purchased a PC from Dell and get Microsoft Windows OS with some additional Dell software. If Dell or developer of that custom software goes out of business you still get OS update for your PC. Its not android OS itself out business here. Adrian and for the record, I absolutely agree that it was the content providers and not all on Netflix. trparky You should be demanding that OnePlus send an official update to your device. So what if your device is old? It should be still supported. Windows 7 is still supported nearly eight years later, why can't your device be supported for that long as well? Plumplam Who cares except for a bunch of XDA nerds? If it means better security then I'm all for it. Dmitri Smirnov Well, for starters, it doesn't mean better security, since it does nothing to address the problems with vulnerable outdated android versions that will be "certified", but will allow malicious apps to quietly escalate their privileges and do their dirty work, but will block "uncertified" custom roms that actually have all the recent secuirity patches and give user full control over who has root access and how. Also, "bunch of XDA nerds" are the source of a lot of features that had their trial run in custom ROMs and then were adopted to the AOSP. Should I remind you of "The Oak and the Pig" fable? Alienate the developers bringing new ideas to the ecosystem - lose the competetive edge you had over other OSes saf1927 Actually, custom ROMs never really have the latest security patches despite what they claim since kernels aren't maintained and no proprietary blobs is updated anymore. If ROM developers were OEMs, they'd be violating their agreements with Google by bumping the patch level without actually addressing all the vulnerabilities. Dmitri Smirnov Well they patch the AOSP to the same level as latest official one and kernel - if it's possible to do so without breaking the compatibility with compiled blobs or at least on the level of latest official firmware. So in the end run it's at least as secure as the official firmware, often - much more so. saf1927 If you look at the security bulletin, most vulnerabilities come from proprietary drivers and require these to be updated. On a supported device, these are provided by the chip manufacturers to the OEMs, on an unsupported device they aren't updated anymore. A custom ROM can only fix userspace security issues. In the end, bumping the patch level without addressing all vulnerabilities in that patch gives a false sense of security to users. Dmitri Smirnov If anything, this is an argument for forcing OEMs to opensource their blobs. For some reason community is much better at releasing the fixes for what they can change (userspace), while OEMs generally stop caring as soon as device is out the door. saf1927 The problem goes beyond OEMs unfortunately. All the phones you can buy are assembled with off-the-shelf components that they buy from other manufacturers and it is them that provide the binary blobs to the OEMs. If they stop supporting components, the OEMs can't do anything. For the chip, it's companies like Qualcomm, Samsung, Mediatek etc. that need to support it with up-to-date drivers. Once they stop, the life-cycle of a phone comes to an end. trparky And that is probably one of many reason why Qualcomm is facing a nice fat anti-trust lawsuit. Serves them right. trparky That ain't ever going to happen. There's no way they're going to allow for their intellectual property to be open for all the world to see and have it cracked open. It would be corporate suicide since their competitors would be able to reverse engineer their stuff. Suicide_Note Never heard of "The Oak and the Pig" before. Could you tell me more? Seriously. Dmitri Smirnov http://www.aliceswonderland.eu/Alice-ska350-en.html Maxr1998 Ah, Lessing. Going to read the original version in a minute :) username_not_valid Thats a very generous view of the custom ROM community. It might be true of a few, very few devs, but most ROMs are unsupported garbage with serious security issues. Dmitri Smirnov Maybe so, but out of this cesspool of garbage CyanogenMod was born, which became LineageOS. I'd say their quality standard appeals me more than a lot of OEMs. username_not_valid Cyanogen and Lineage was what i had in mind.. Each to his own i guess. BAlGaInTl Yes and no. I run Lineage on my OnePlus One because Cyanogen OS is no longer supported. I can say with certainty that Lineage introduces stability issues that I have to deal with to be up to date. Wilton Daniel Pinto Ninna pooty bewarci Qwip Consider the bigger picture. Right now, users are being shuffled into a situation where they must restrict the control they have over their device if they want to be able to use Netflix (and presumably banking apps will follow soon). That may seem fine, and from some security perspective it is probably a good thing. How much control do you have over your _laptop_? How much do you want? Right now, we're blissfully able to install unsigned software on our computers (although various OSs will complain about it), but will that last? How long will it be before we can only open our banking interface on our laptop using a trusted, digitally signed browser on a machine that is using secure boot and can only run signed binaries? I can understand the direction that Netflix (and others) are coming from, and to them it may even make sense. The question is: what is the cost of ceding control over our devices/machines in order to be able to watch netflix, etc. trparky Yeah and that's why Windows is the virus filled cesspool that it is today. Windows 10 is slowly changing Windows to be an app store based ecosystem in which all apps will be sandboxed. It's coming to the desktop near you. saf1927 I hope Magisk (or other similar mods in the future) keep working, so to prevent this. Not a problem on my Pixel XL since I haven't rooted it, but on my Nexus 5 Magisk allows it to pass Safety Net even though it's running a custom ROM (7.1.2) and it's rooted. Hendrik Leppkes SafetyNets primary purpose is to secure devices for Android Pay, and when you deal with actual money transactions on your device, you really don't want any hack interfering with it - so I'm quite certain they'll do whatever they can to break hacks like this and ensure the security and integrity of the device. h4rr4r No, its primary purpose is to make the device trustworthy for others not the person who paid for it. This is how it makes it "secure" for android pay. You are a possible threat and this closes that. Suicide_Note It would seem that Google is erecting a wall around their garden, too. EowynCarter While Apple opens iOS more and more. YouNex According to the support/help page, a device is not certified if it stops getting Android updates. How fuck up is that ? I don't get it. My Moto X has always been on stock ROM, yet it's showing up as non certified. Yes it's rooted + system modifications, but at no point is it stated that root prevents it from being certified. Suicide_Note Really? You can't understand why your rooted/system modified device is non-certified? YouNex I know how to read, but this is vague https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b6f710b8628f0e09ab73ba144c133a2c9b1fe1325b353ae7dc1636f2776b2ac0.png "Not secure" jonzey231 Root and/or unlocked bootloader = Not certified. YouNex It says nothing about root or bootloader https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b6f710b8628f0e09ab73ba144c133a2c9b1fe1325b353ae7dc1636f2776b2ac0.png ast00 Can't wait until LastPass excludes root users... Fuck them. Adonis K. If they do, I'm cancelling my subscription... Naxx ENVY Fuck them and yet they haven't done anything yet ... #internetlogic Also i know right , crazy for a company that stores your passwords to make themselves more secure . ABSOLUTE CRAZY , RAGE RAGE RAGE Jordan Palmer I don't understand your reasoning or rationale for these two statements. ast00 The second part is related to Google. Sorry about the confusion. Believe it or not, most of us root users keep SELinux in it's Enforcing state. This means we are safe. Nothing gets root rights without us knowing. Our phones are just as safe if not safer than most stock phones. JATIN BANSAL SafetyNet test can be passed using Magisk Manager. I am using it and it works fine for me. Even in play store, my device is certified. May be this helps someone. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/3756499ff5876545740cd0e88e38961bb2c327d90fc43f5801f4bce5d802c990.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/44185f640490cb506a68a3414579bd345123f7d52ee2e11802d31d5141db11ae.png Nick Most people are worried about the future when the exploits that Magisk uses are patched and it continues to make it harder for people to get around this. JATIN BANSAL That's what I am also worried about. I just posted this for those who are already rooted and for now want to keep the root. My main purpose of rooting was to flash lineage OS. I think custom rom is the only way of staying updated to latest version of Android as google itself doesn't update their phones after 2 years (18 months I think) for reasons they have. I think if someone buys a flagship device which costs 700$+, it should have 3-4 years of full software update support. 😆😄 2 years of major OS version updates and 3 years of security patches. After 3 years, its time to buy a new phone cuz its so old anyway. trparky Says you! Windows 7 was released on July 22, 2009 and they still support it EIGHT YEARS LATER! And they plan on supporting it until the year 2020 which means it will be supported for a total of ELEVEN YEARS! If Microsoft can do it, Google can too!!! Does Microsoft suddenly say "Your machine is too old, go buy a new one"? No, they continue to give you Windows Updates for years later. We should also be demanding that the Android OEMs do so as well. A Samsung Note 5 has more than enough hardware in it to run Android 7 but no... we can't do that, we need to make money so we don't update them to force you to buy a new device. Lambdadelta Magisk...alright, thanks for the tip-off. I really must get it. TadMSTR Magisk doesn't always pass SafetyNet. I have some devices it fails on. However, several other devices it works just fine. Make sure you turn on the hide root option, it's off by default. Lambdadelta Well, I do have a problem, and that is my device is not able to download it directly from Google Play, so I have to get the APK from XDA. I dunno why this is the case for my phone though. Is it because it's a 4.4.4? Either way, I'll get the APK moved to my phone later tonight. Teodor Axel Johan Jönsson I have activated hide root option, and it passes SafetyNet, but in Google Play Store, it still shows uncertified. What app should I hide root from to get Play Store to show Certified? JATIN BANSAL As per XDA: Q: Safety Net fails after enabling MagiskHide A: Magisk can only hide Magisk core features, for Magisk modules it depends on what the module does. If your ROM itself is not able to pass SafetyNet, then there is nothing Magisk can help. Your best bet is 100% stock ROMs, because your phone manufacturer is forced to release a device passing CTS. Teodor Axel Johan Jönsson What in Magisk Hide did you check/how did you do it? Google Play Store? Or Play services? Because here it says uncertified :( JATIN BANSAL Just clear app data of play store. Now it will show your device certified Teodor Axel Johan Jönsson Thanks! Muzaffar I believe that root and custom rom makes android what it is now. This feels like betrayal for Android enthusiast. username_not_valid Well maybe in the very early days (maybe), but not any more. Rooted phones make up a tiny fraction of active devices. Muzaffar It's not about active devices. It's about how android develop together with community (well as i remember) I believe that those "rooted user" contribute many things that make android right now. I still remember status bar (and nav bar) color change was implemented on Kitkat before it becomes official on lollipop. Also, we can't forget how badly mobile active network bug happens in lollipop if it's not those "rooted user" who found out the fix via xposed. and i believe there are still more. trparky We can blame the OEMs for that kind of stuff because of things like locked bootloaders, eFuses, etc. username_not_valid Or we can blame ROM makers for it because they kept breaking the devices causing warranty claims. Naxx ENVY no offence but that's small thinking ... i'd say 90% of people on Android devices don't want or even know about root, heck it may even be 95% ... security is more of a concern, sure it annoys us geeks, but that's the 5% at most. Muzaffar And about half of android devices is left outdated. Not to mention bugs that unsolved on previous android. I'll pick a dumb phone instead, if android becomes a closed platform. trparky And truth be told that's why I have an iPhone. I simply got sick and tired of the lack of updates so I told myself I'm going to the iPhone and have been happy ever since. OK sure, it may not have all of the customization features that Android has but I can be guaranteed that I will get software and security updates on time, every time, regardless of my carrier of choice. refthemc I think you misread his comment, he's saying that root and custom roms got Android to where it is TODAY not saying that it is necessary TODAY. And I agree. trparky It pretty much comes down to this. Google is simply targeting a much larger piece of the pie. You can't blame them for trying to do what is necessary to protect not only the platform but the Android brand itself. Qwip Well, it isn't like there is anywhere else to go though, is it? Google can basically throw enthusiasts who have promoted and fostered android development under the bus - they don't need them any more. trparky Money trumps community. Always has, always will. username_not_valid Ad blocking was the last holdout reason to root for me, but even thats no longer a good reason with things like Adhell, Adguard etc I have no other reason to root now, custom ROMs are generally garbage, and bloat can usually be uninstalled or disabled, so its just not needed. Adonis K. custom ROMs have nothing to do with root... thevigilante Custom ROMs have uncertified flag in Play Store Mike Avellanosa Not all, though George Byers My Nexus 7 2013 is passing safteynet running Lineage unrooted. Wilton Daniel Pinto Let me guess, you have a Pixel. Or you wouldn't call custom ROMs bloated while the reality is other way round username_not_valid Wouldn't touch a Pixel actually. username_not_valid Should be noted that I didn't call custom ROMs bloated, I guess you misread it. Wilton Daniel Pinto Oh yeah, I misread it . My bad Zach Mauch This is going to cause the same problem I see in governments work with security. They will blindly block things like root and bootloader unlock regardless of if it poses any credible threat because it FEELS more secure. Blah!!!!!! Naxx ENVY it IS more secure, not just " feels" h4rr4r More secure for them, not for me the owner of the device. Besides, not even for them in the long term. An up to date ROM has many exploits patched that a two versions out of date and 12 months behind on security patches OTA has. Zach Mauch What I mean is they will apply restrictions because they easily can and it gives a warm fuzzy for them. They will do this regardless of the impact to the user. The analogy here is that in my job I am constantly unnecessary restrictions and bureaucracy that make doing my job much more difficult. For instance, we are disallowed from using remote desktop on standalone computer networks. It would make our job MUCH MUCH easier in many circumstances and save money on software as I could remote into my PC from anywhere in the building. Yet they deny us that and claim security. jonzey231 So this will force people to install apps from unauthorized sources, thus making the whole Android malware issue that much more prevalent. Great.. Suicide_Note Unless being held at gunpoint, no one is forced to install apps from unauthorized sources. That's a user's CHOICE. jonzey231 You know what I mean. Stop playing devil's advocate on everyone's posts. Eric Braun He's not incorrect. Kyle R Krcmaric "Stop providing an alternate viewpoint to my own." It's just comments. Anyway, I think Google also announced that even sideloaded apps will get scanned by their new Google Play Protect service, which may help nullify the risk of sideloading in the first place. d0x360 That's not an alternate viewpoint unless your view is "don't install any apps ever" There is no logical argument to defend this move by Google. None. username_not_valid Yes there is. Come content creators will not allow a provider to support a rooted or otherwise compromised device. Right or wrong in your eyes thats the reality, and in order for Android to be able to have such services Google have to do this. d0x360 What you said isn't an alternate viewpoint lol you are just repeating the reason Google is doing this which everyone agrees is a fact. As for this new comment...a rooted phone isn't compromised. Tell me...what would a rooted user do with Netflix that would make Netflix want to block them? Are they worried about people copying movies because if they think Android is the vector for that action they are idiots. All they are doing is making a problem by allowing bad actors to inject malware into a Netflix apk that could be installed by both root and unrooted users. Genius! Give me 1 good reason to block rooted phones from an app like oh I dunno, Mario run or whatever it's called. Any answers you give are false. Wanna know why? Hacked apks exist to allow cheating and they can be installed by anyone rooted or not. In fact I'd stake my life that your average unrooted user is installing more modified apk files to cheat in games or whatever than any rooted user. People who root are generally better educated about the Android eco system and do less dumb stuff. As for Netflix I cancelled my account on the day they did this and now I just use a friends account so they lost a subscriber due to this move and I rarely ever used the app. Sure 1 person closing an account that's existed since the day they opened isn't going to do much but I vote with my wallet and if a company does something I dislike then they simply don't get my money. The first person I asked gave me their login info and I made a profile. It's just like how I share my HBO subscription with someone else. Easy easy. username_not_valid See my previous comment. Its not for me to argue, the fact is content providers want it, fair or not, end of story, therefore its going to happen. The tiny number of rooters out there are meaningless to them, and Google. Netflix has to do this because the providers of its non-original content demand it. Its not Netflix fault, they either do it or lose shows. Losing large amounts of their content would affect their subscription base several orders of magnitude more than losing rooted users, who chances are, use the service on more than their phone or tablet anyway. d0x360 Once again I ask... what about a rooted device is dangerous to an app and also this is now a second question, what makes it compromised? BAlGaInTl Clearly you've made up your mind on the issue, but I'll give it a go. It isn't necessarily the root that is dangerous to an app or vice versa. The compromise comes from other apps/processes that can take advantage of root. If you don't understand that, then you don't understand what root really is. It has a lot of valuable uses, but it can also be dangerous. To address your previous statement, just because it rubs me the wrong way. So your "solution" was to cancel your Netflix account and then steal the content? So clearly, you aren't "actually" affected by the change, because you can still watch Netflix. You do realize that watching their content is also valuable to them and makes them money? If you want to boycott Netflix for their practices, then by all means do. Otherwise, it just comes across as hypocritical IMHO. d0x360 I don't believe I asked you. No I'm not stealing Netflix content, it's being paid for and Netflix has many times in the past encouraged account sharing. Of course they did so in the hopes you would join but they still allow it. I paid my Netflix dues. Day 1 4 disc member, then as soon as it was available I upgraded to the 4k 4 user package. It's not piracy either, I'm not recording or distributing the content. If Netflix wants to dick with me I'll dick with them. I never said this was permanent but I vote with my wallet. Vote cast. I also haven't used Netflix once since that day despite being able to. I've been using Amazon and Microsoft video where I own over 500 movies so you can stuff the whole theft argument. I've bought more content than most and that doesn't include my DVD, Blu-ray, and uhd Blu-ray collection which is well over 1400 movies and TV shows at this point. Your right...I've been rooting since the first Android phone but I totally don't understand the possibilities. My argument is simple. The overwhelming majority of root users don't mess with apps. To hell with that nonsense argument anyways. What is the danger to Netflix? Copying movies? Please...it's a million times easier to do it on a PC. Even windows xp can handle it without issue. Does Netflix and you I suppose really think root users are using the app to steal content? If so how? Show me one forum topic, one article, one modified Netflix apk that allows downloading and bypassing their drm. I'm begging you. Just 1. BAlGaInTl I reviewed the Netflix TOS, and I will agree that you are not stealing. I'll even remove the verbiage from my post. Netflix does not make any such stipulation. They speak only of the "Account Owner" and "Devices." I guess I just assumed that, and that's my bad. As I've said in other posts... It isn't all about Netflix. A large part of it is about their content. They really can't argue that point with providers. You either play by their rules, work to establish new rules, or choose not to carry them. Netflix wants to stay relevant on all platforms. That's the main danger to Netflix. In addition, I shouldn't have to give an example in the wild of an exploit. Just because it is difficult to find doesn't mean it doesn't exist. What if someone else writes an app that uses root to mine user account data from Netflix? Should Netflix not be worried about protecting user data? If that happens, who is responsible for the security and the bad press? Probably not Netflix, but they would certainly be impacted. I checked my app really quick (which is stuck on version 4 because I'm affected). Since Netflix keeps you logged in for convenience (that's spelled out in their terms), a quick look gives my full name, username, phone number, zip code, the brand of payment card, and the last 4 digits of that card. That's quite a bit of information that can easily be gathered by a piece of Malware. Now as I said... Netflix probably wouldn't be liable if a user was compromised because of root. It would certainly be a danger to their business however. Why should the be asked to take that risk? It seems to me that they are approaching this in a realistic manner, and rolling it out in a reasonable way. Would this affect the majority of root users? Probably not. By their nature, root users will find ways around it anyway. The problem is that the impact to Netflix from losing content and/or a compromised app is disproportionate the loss of blocking root users. It's simply a numbers game, and you can't blame Netflix for that. And you certainly can't blame Google who is trying to improve security. username_not_valid Thats not for me to decide, or argue, the fact is the content providers have decided that rooting is a risk to their copyrighted content, and as such services like Netflix, Amazon, and other streaming services must comply and lock out rooted devices. Passing safetynet and using Googles DRM framework is the easiest way to claim due diligence, so thats what they will do, and in order to keep Android competitive Google is providing the tools needed to make it possible. What I will argue though is that your notion that custom ROMs etc are more secure is unfounded. The best might well be, but there are hundreds of completely random and unchecked ROMs out there that could contain absolutely anything, you cant possibly claim that custom ROMs are inherently safer or more secure than OEM ROMs, outdated or not. jonzey231 So let's play this out: If someone takes the Netflix .apk and mods it with malware and then signs it, it will pass installation on the device. 1. User opens app. 2. App does whatever shitty thing it's designed to do while the user thinks they just got around the block. 3. The OS scans the app and warns the user it's been modified and they should uninstall it. 4. User thinks "Ha! I know and that's why it works!" 5. User keeps app until they get a call from Credit Karma that their identity was probably stolen but they don't know how. 6. Person spends 6 months fixing stolen identity. But still uses that app the whole time. Ultimately, that user is still going to be screwed. Would you or I make this mistake? No. Would your cousin's friend's dad because he had his son root so he could tether for free and overheard you guys talking about sideloading apps and googled how to do it? Yes. Randroid Problem is, even in your scenario, root has nothing to do with it. Someone who is not rooted could do the same thing. The only problem is, now MORE people who root are going to be *forced* to look for a modified apk because the official apk is not available from the Play Store. So in the end, it's causing more problems than it's fixing. Corbin Baxter Here's the thing about rooting: when you alter your devices software like that, then Google shouldn't be responsible for anything that comes afterwards for the user. This just helps discourage rooting, which can alter a new users perspective on Android, or make someone reconsider getting an Android device. someone755 For what it's worth, back in 2011/2010, many of us bought into Android *because* we could root. Imagine the possibilities of being in control of so much more of your system than with any mobile OS prior; We've spent hundreds (some, thousands) of dollars in this environment, on devices, apps, books etc. I understand this isn't how things stand nowadays, but root is still prevalent because of one issue that Google will not fix (or at least, won't until O+ is running on the majority of devices, but that'll take two years at the minimum), and those are updates and vendor apps (i.e. bloatware). If my phone is stuck on Lollipop I'm going to root it; I'll be able to mitigate the memory leak performance drops, and overall customize the device to fit my specific needs -- I've made quite a few friends (think ROM and kernel devs) because I just wanted to put a thermal engine better than Qualcomm's horrendous MPDecision into the kernel directly (i.e. I took the kernel source and modified it to fit my needs). What Google is trying to do here is, yes, discourage rooting, but instead of fixing the root cause (heh) behind why people root in the first place (that is, again, customizability and personal(ized) performance tuning, in large part to keep devices on older Android versions alive), root wouldn't be necessary. In the long run this *might* fix the symptom, but it most definitely will not help in fixing the cause. And that's because the cause is Google itself. As if apps like Snapchat blocking power users from their apps wasn't enough, now there's this -- If it becomes so common that even Google's own apps start to utilize the feature, I'll be gone to another mobile platform within a month. That might mean iOS, it might mean S60v3, I'll know that if (or rather, when) it happens. tl;dr: Google is putting a band-aid on a shotgun wound. Corbin Baxter I'm speaking mainly for new Android users. They don't feel as comfortable rooting. Doing this makes Android SEEM more like iOS. This doesn't MAKE Android like iOS. New users are comfortable with that. This is the same issue Microsoft had with Windows 8/8.1. Classic users, and Windows enthusiasts, hated someone changing the way they would use their computers. Microsoft introduced a different way of doing things, and to enthusiasts, it was bad, no matter how good it might be. Google's Project Treble should mostly fix the fragmentation problem, therefore giving Android users one less reason to root. To us enthusiasts, nothing can beat rooting, but it might not be the best solution to the problems Android has. Google seems intent on fixing the problems rooting tries to solve, but in a higher-quality and reliable way. No hard feelings😉 trparky They won't understand that, they're too blinded by their geek rose colored glasses. Corbin Baxter I don't expect everyone to understand, but I'll be happy if even a small handful understand what Google is doing here. someone755 I don't think that's true -- new Android users will soon enough become old ones, and with that they'll learn that the platform (especially update-wise) is a mess without some system privileges beyond those needed to change the display brightness. Not being to use the core functions of the ecosystem that we pay to use because we decide we deserve to have more control over the devices we pay for is absolutely on Apple's level, if not made worse because of the implication that this OS is somehow different from iOS. Windows Vista was a revolutionary piece of software, and people hated it. Why? Because what was expected from Microsoft was both huge change as well as keeping everything as it is -- and Vista was exactly that: an OS modern enough to be the core basis for Windows 7, and an inspiration for features several years into the future (Vista pioneered almost every feature that W7 had), with many similarities to Windows XP. But naturally because of the expectations, the OS failed miserably, being fondly remembered by nobody (with the exception of a few people, including myself). The ones who vote and voice their opinion are not always the brightest of people. Google's Treble is sure to mitigate Android's fragmentation *to some extent*, but it'll take several years for it to reach the majority of devices (based on the data that Nougat, today, works on 10% of devices, including custom ROM-ed ones, which, when talking about custom Android O ROMs, won't count towards the number of devices supporting Treble). We can't say this is unexpected -- after all, Google does bring features into Android that enthusiasts developed before official implementation. But this is a moot point if we consider that these things usually take at least three years. Tethering, using camera flash as a torch, quick settings and editing quick settings, even night light -- these are all root features that, when first introduced, were community hacks to improve Android devices, and they are all part of Google's Android (AOSP, even) today. If Google discourages rooting, they discourage development of future Android features, which are, historically, largely taken from the operating system's community of developers and enthusiasts. If that is how things must be in pursuit of a false sense of security and tighter control over the platform in the hopes of improving its quality, so be it. But saying that this is the platform I once adored is false -- if anything, this is its polar opposite; something we knew back in 2011 as "iOS". Corbin Baxter Android can still be rooted, and I don't think that Google is going to take that away. someone755 They aren't taking away the ability to root, no. They are, however, taking away the incentive to root, as well as root users' access to services they pay (or have paid) for. Dmitri Smirnov > when you alter your devices software like that, then Google shouldn't be responsible for anything that comes afterwards for the user. As if right now Google or the OEMs are in any ways responsible for the malware or unpatched firmware vulnerabilities that stay this way for year. But yes, the users that root are the problem. Corbin Baxter For unrooted phones, yes Google and OEMs are very responsible. But after you root, Android loses most of its security and stability, and rooting is basically tinkering with core system files. Google doesn't have any control over what the user can or can't do after that. someone755 I respectfully disagree. There is no loss in stability aside from the forced Knox/SafetyNet/whatever software alerts from OEMs and Google, and there's definitely no loss in security -- if anything, the system is more secure because of my control over apps' privileges (i.e. I am free to control what apps do on my device, including stopping data theft by apps like Facebook etc). Why Google would have to be responsible for what a person does with their phone is beyond me -- the warranty doesn't cover it, and there are warnings of dos and don'ts plastered most everywhere online. (I'd very much like to say here that if you can't follow simple instructions you should go back to using tin cans on a string, but I realize that way 90% of the population would be excluded from the money making machine.) Simply put, I don't understand why Google would care over what the user can or can't do, as long as the user isn't somehow hurting the company (which, with root alone, they aren't and can't). Corbin Baxter You have a good point... bekifft That wasn't even a devil's advocate, that was a straight up strawman. Frosted Butts Yes.. please tell me about all the Netflix alternatives i can install, that can legally stream from Netflix...... Right now, if i am rooted and want Netflix (a service i am paying for), i must go through 3rd party app stores to install the APK. There is no choice at all... R Firestone ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Umm you have the choice to unroot your device. Maxr1998 ..which is a bad choice for many. d0x360 Yes you do except I rooted my device to make it MORE secure. Unrooting would make my device less secure than sideloading apps would. username_not_valid People can keep saying that, but the content providers have no way to know whether or not you have taken measures to secure your custom device, whereas if they go down this root they know its handled. BAlGaInTl "whereas if they go down this root they know its handled" I see what you did there. 😆😄 ...or just watch Netflix from Chrome! You could even do this from a Linux box with root! 😃 Suicide_Note Sure there is: unroot. Problem solved. neoKushan "I've solved this problem by creating 3 more problems - but it IS solved!" Eric Braun https://www.amazon.com/Netflix-Inc/dp/B005ZXWMUS Option C .. ?? h4rr4r A choice that is now more popular. dcdttu It's not so much about what a user chooses to do. It's about probability. The probability that sites are going to try to lure users into downloading malware-infected Netflix APKs from 3rd party sites is going to go up if you can't download it from a safe source in the first place. This is just like the fact that, if you don't give drug users a safe and clean place to shoot up, they're going to go do it somewhere else that's much more dangerous. Both of these scenarios are bad for society in general, no matter what the original intention was. kgptzac 1/10. Gotta try harder. My1 if you are rooted and wanna watch netflix on mobile, you have not much choice. Suicide_Note Sure you do. Unroot, or use Magisk to hide root. My1 unroot isnt always a choice for a firewall or being better at taking permissions away. and magisk, well does it work everywhere, I certainly dont know. and if youhave opened your bootloader, you would need to close it again if you want to go stock again which on some devices triggers a data wipe. Premsuraj How? Google Play Protect will still catch malicious apps makapav Yes but you're potentially making people venture through shady sites to get the APKs. Eric Braun Or to Amazons App store or Fdroid. The people going to shady sites are already going there, this isn't going to increase the traffic by any real amount. tehboogieman Are you sure that Google will continue allowing GPP for unlocked or rooted users going forward? Not to mention that it's not a silver bullet for 0days d0x360 It barely works as is. There are tons of apps that slip through every day. Krebs on security reports on them quite frequently. I don't trust Google's scanning of apps at all which is why I root. I can make my phone more secure and I can also image the device as often as I want so if something does happen it's fixed within 5 min. If I unroot then I lose the protection along with the backups. Premsuraj Custom ROMs and root can't protect from 0days either. And just out of curiosity how is root going to provide more security? If anything it makes the device less secure tehboogieman Nobody said root makes a device more secure. Blocking root users from downloading apps from the Play Store puts users at more risk since those users will be more inclined to sideload apps from sources that might not be as reliable as the Play Store. Premsuraj The only people who cares about this are the people who root. And those user's generally tend to be more knowledgeable about what kind of apps and app stores they can trust. ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ And only <2% of users will do this to keep rooted. xxTheGoDxx Only the plus 50 - 100 Million users that have root: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.chainfire.supersu ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ You do realize that that's just downloads right? ...not active users. blindexecutioner I'm not mad. I continue to use things like magisk to help get around stuff like this. All this will do is encourage me to use unauthorized sources for offending apps if magisk ever stops working. There is a reason I use Android over iOS and it certainly isn't because the apps are better designed or whatever. brian. Magisk is a good way around this. However, I don't know how long this will last. I would think with security in mind and developers trying to monetize more, it will put pressure on Google to make SafetyNet get triggered much easier. Obviously, I don't have any way of knowing, but this could easily turn into a cat and mouse game more than it already is. Android Pay was first, other apps did it like Super Mario Run, which who cares, but now Netflix? Changes are coming, and it doesn't look good for the rooting community. D13H4RD2L1V3 I'm not sure if everyone gets why some of us went through the trouble of gaining SU access. Sure, maybe there's a few who went through all that trouble for nefarious purposes (and maybe that got regulatory bodies concerned to the point where Google even needed to consider this) but from my perspective at least, a lot of us gain Superuser access mainly to get features that we liked on other Android flavors, especially in the case of a build of Android that's very close to Google's vision. Such as the ability to hide the navbar at any time we wanted and also to gain theming support (which I feel should be added officially sooner rather than later because I absolutely hate how Google is making their already-bright UI even more eye-searing with even more white-colored elements, which also makes the benefits of OLED much less obvious). I wouldn't be as concerned if these features were pushed to AOSP soon, but as it stands, I feel that Google should probably think about making these features available soon. Marty Thank the bad apples for why you no longer have freedom. Jeremy ディリマ Would changing region firmware with Odin flag the SafetyNet check on Samsung mobiles? Soz if it's a stupid question a lot has changed since I last fiddled with Android Christopher Robert This was a long time coming. Once root user started using root to pirate software, and/or get around geo locks, instead of using it to add feature to their firmware or improve their devices performance, it was only a matter of time before it all got torn down. h4rr4r Get around geo locks? You mean have my device report the location I want it to report? Yeah, how terrible that I control what my computer does. dizel123 You still do. This doesn't affect that at all h4rr4r You said the justification for that was people using their devices for their own reasons in the way they liked. I was pointing out that this is a normal thing and not something that should be punished. Cuvis You don't need root to pirate. You never did. Marty Apple says, Thank you. h4rr4r Sounds like we need a new FREE platform. Maybe Amazon can use this to push their store. mxwp but will the Netflix from the Amazon App Store work on rooted phones? Curt RIP Root. I'm not moving from stock anymore, just cab with the hassle. Until there's a 'reliable' way to hide from Safety Net, I'll enjoy my Android Pay, banking apps and overall smoothness. (If it was up to me, I'd be rooted with Linage) h4rr4r IOS is the platform for you. That was the deal from the beginning. hp-fourtwenty magisk....giyf .y phone is rooted with lineage 14.1, and passes safetynet. problem solved! jcopernicus Fantastic news. Lawstorant All this butthurt for what? You all sound like Magisk doesn't exist. Dave Hamilton Lets take Apple and there closed source. Lets take Google and there open source, the freedom to do and change as you please to make the device yours. No two devices have to be the same. Lets get 115 million android users, and then start deciding you no longer have this choice and freedom to do what you want! When something gets better and better, its only a matter of time before all the things you love are removed and comersilised Eric Braun You still have the option to do what you want. However like everything there are reactions for every action. Want to root or unlock your device? Sure, however there may be a few apps that no longer appear in the playstore. May want to have a backup like Amazon App Store or something similar ready. No one is stopping you, feel free to do as you please. tehboogieman Man, if I have to choose between having a device with root or a device with apps that use day to day, the iPhone goes from a 1% chance of being my daily driver to about 50% There are still a lot that can Android can do that iOS can't, but if I'm living in a walled garden the iPhone is looking pretty attractive. 5+ years of official OS support, solid retail network for quick service or hardware exchanges. The Play Store is my main source of apps that I know are vetted and generally safe. I have no desire to manage app updates manually. There is always a chance that someone will build and maintain an appstore that will have all root blocked apps (maybe the future of APKMirror?). If not it might be the death of Android for users like me Eric Braun Even without all of this I would use an APKMirror App that allowed for updating of apps automatically. dizel123 Google gives app developers more control over their apps. Whiny entitled internet crybabies go on the internet and whine and cry. Aka...Thursday neoKushan Alternatively: Google restricts users from using their device, which they own, how they see fit. dizel123 Except Google isn't restricting anyone from doing anything. But being 100% wrong has never stopped anyone in the internet NubCake being an asshole (in your case) hasn't stopped anyone from commenting eather it seems. dizel123 I can admit to being an asshole. But I'm also right so it's all good. neoKushan It's certainly not stopping you. dizel123 I haven't experienced it so of course it's not stopping me trparky You may own the hardware but you don't own the software, you only have a license to use it. Csöpi Thats so greate. I have a stock oneplus one and for some strange reasons i was failing the test beforhand, but now its all green. Still cant update the netflix app hence chromecast isnt working either anymore. Not really happy. JC If there's a will there's a way. brian. If more developers get on board with this, I can't see why I would switch to Android. I've always been curious about new Android phones, bought a bunch and rooted them all if I could. This is not good for a person like me. d0x360 If Google keeps this up and app devs include the api to block rooted phones then my days using Android will be over and Google will have lost a user who's been there since the g1. I don't know what I'd switch to... probably windows mobile because I'm not a fan of apple whatsoever. It's really a shame because if I had to guess I'd say 99.99% of people who root do so for either the added security and or customized experiences. For example I use root to modify my status bar and quick panel as well as firewall my apps and use adaway and yes Google I do whitelist sites that aren't obnoxious with their ads. John Doe All the more reason for the APK mirror appstore LoL Jan-Lk Else Yeah Google want's us to buy tooooo expensive phones to just get the latest Android, because cheap phones suck at updates and so they need to be flashed and rooted... trparky But if the community raises holy hell with the OEMs then maybe it will be corrected. There's no damn reason why a three year old device can't be updated when an eight year old Windows 7 machine is still receiving Windows Updates. Jan-Lk Else OEMs don't care about customers, they care about money. And with Windows the OEMs don't need to provide updates themselves. trparky So why should I care about them? Why should I buy their products? Why should I give even one red cent of my money? That's right, I shouldn't and you shouldn't either. The only way to teach these companies is to hurt them where it hurts the most, in their bank accounts. A year or two of reduced profits from less device sales should send a clear message to them that unless they start supporting older devices (for at least three years) we won't buy their new devices, simple as that. I myself voted with my wallet, I bought an iPhone. I'm guaranteed updates the same day that everyone else gets the updates. I'm guaranteed updates for at least four years. McStagger WHY DOES NETFLIX CARE IF THE PHONE IS ROOTED?!?!?!?! mxwp Netflix does not care, but the content creators that make the stuff you see on Netflix do care. They care because they are idiots who think it is easier to pirate from rooted phones. bekifft Again, Google becomes more and more restrictive. I switched from iPhone because the screens were too small, and Google was far less restrictive. Both of those issues are now resolved, and Google's upped the price of their device to match Apple. May as well switch back to iPhone, Google seems to support it just as much as Android anyway. Luxferro Except it's not just rooted users! Any device with an unlocked bootloader. hp-fourtwenty Your comment sucks for misinforming users about what safetynet is....has NOTHING to do with unlocked bootloaders. Luxferro Sure it does. My Nexus 6P only has an unlocked bootloader, and Netflix disappeared from the play store after the last update. And I'm not the only one, so I suggest you do some reading. TechGuy22 more reason for me to pirate hey, have at it Matías Duarte I hope Netflix does the same with Jailbroken iOS devices. Why they do this btw? To prevent people recording their movies? You can do that with Windows.. Knowledgeborn Allah In all honesty, that'll probably never happen. Jailbreaking iOS opens the doors to a lot of customization on an iPhone, but the security issues are often minimal (with the exception being not having the latest software version). Jailbreaking is pretty much filtered through the Cydia platform. You don't have access to the entire system with a jailbreak. Rooting is completely different, because you can completely reshape the core OS. fbl Note : I don't work for Netflix so I can't comment for them. Possible causes : - the right holders might be pushing for this. I work on roughly the same product area and we don't implement DRM because we like them, we implement them because we contractually have to. -Netflix is tired of getting low notes because of crashes coming by shitty hacks in custom roms. Zach Mauch Anyone know how chromebooks will be affected by this? Will dev mode being enabled cause you to fail SafetyNet Checks? That is currently the only way to install apks on Chromebooks. Branko But Android AOSP!11 -Google 2011 How the times how changed. Wayne Randall ALT arguement, because I don't have time to read every comment... This doesn't limit me and my rooted N6P at all, this move limits how much money they (the devs and Google) are going to make. I can't buy it (the app or coins, or special characters, or bonus content, w/e) if I can't see it. Plain and simple. The important apps will still be there. No app is worth unroot. Block Project Fi from root though... weeeellll. I guess I'd unroot for that. mxwp yeah, only Netflix, banks, and big names will use these blocks. i am guessing most devs want as much exposure as possible. PVL_93_RU Google is actively trying to kill the modding community. Not the Custom ROM makers, but people who root and install Xposed. All because they compromise the security for Android Pay I fear the day root and Xposed apps start disappearing from the Play Store trparky If it comes to security vs being open, security will always win (or at least should always win). Eric Koop I had my Shaw Gateway app update yesterday and they changed it so it doesn't work if rooted. So I had to uninstall and find an APK online of an older version. Now it's just a matter of time before I forget and re-install the update. What a pain... disqus_em5YfkbWdk Well this would certainly get me to cancel Netflix. My personal Plex server is far better than Netflix could ever be anyway. Vivek Rameses Becoming apple more and more every day. Disgusting. Knowledgeborn Allah Android is starting to look more and more like iOS with each update... ¯_(ツ)_/¯ trparky Open platforms rarely stay open once the Benjamins start rolling in. hp-fourtwenty Go ahead and block me...I'll just pirate your app. Play nice and so will I. Start poking me and I'll poke back by never giving you another penny. App devs can't beat XDA devs. It's not going to happen. My unlocked, rooted, rommed and modded device still passes safety net. The day that stops, so does the flow of money leaving my hands on the play store. Luxferro Lay off the sodas.... UniBroW Question, can those of you without access to Netflix on Google play, can it be installed from the Amazon App Store? Stanley C. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/dd381b7e8a39df74c4725712a0db906098c965e9ee4194b6e01e020fd69ee566.png Thats how magisk is made... Magic! Marti Abernathey Yawn. I've got a rooted device and just installed Netflix... because? Magisk. As soon as they made this choice I cancelled. Not because I can't get around it, but because they make me do that. mrjayviper even on a non-rooted LOS mis 5s+, I cannot install Netflix. unlocking the bootloader already tripped safety. And I don't want to root. The features available in non-rooted LOS is enough for me. Teh BuG No. Bueno. TedPhillips Sigh. What's the over-under on this becoming pervasive in the play store... MicroG / Fdroid I'm coming soon. World needs a solid single alternative gcm replacement to catch on. TedPhillips As far as the potential for support overhead, being rooted is generally less than the pain coming from the Xposed/magisk crowd. You need to be actively interfering with an app via root vs code being injected into low levels of the framework that everything uses. TedPhillips I think the best outcome could be that Google opens up their process for little guys to certify there own rom builds, ala let's encrypt lowering friction on getting ssl setup. AOSP should not be a functionally useless base implementation for I'm roms, but something you can use in​ practice. TedPhillips Hey guys, don't worry. Google says Android is for everyone. https://www.android.com/everyone/ That includes AOSP developers too, right? That website seems to tread the line pretty carefully, ala 'no one is forcing you use Google play' but Hiroshi's quote seems like it comes with a grain of salt since he owns Play. I'd love to see AP interview him about this. qkjDlav As an app developer for a large app used globally, the two biggest time wasters in a developer's life are a) debugging device specific issues (HTC, Samsung, etc) and b) crash logs with Xposed in the stack trace. Developers are tired of having to sit around with device farms at their desks just to make sure new features and changes work with each quirky variant of Android that manufacturers want to deploy, and custom roms do make it worse. Enthusiasts are welcome to customize their own versions of Android and sideload apps, but we don't want to see crashlogs in the Developer Console from rooted/custom ROM users. And companies probably don't want to keep paying us to debug issues that only a small minority of users will see. Lê Nguyên Chương Most stupid thing I've ever heard in my life. alsosavagemike Here's a newsflash - Google isn't purposing Android for the needs of people who want to root. Neither is Netflix making its decisions based on that criteria. Netflix has contractual obligations to think about in regard to doing its best to protect its licensed content from piracy. Android is concerned about best security and functionality for its regular users and its developers. Nobody, as mentioned in other comments, is forcing anyone to install from other sources. You could just not root your device. If you do want to do that and you do side-load then that decision and its consequences are really on you. Laying it on Google or Netflix is like blaming Toyota for the structural failure of the Camry you cut the roof off of and made into a pickup truck. Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 168 queries | 1.107s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. business culture gadgets future startups Google's AI just beat the world's best Go player by Matt McFarland   @mattmcfarland May 25, 2017: 10:05 PM ET Game of Go pits man against machine A near perfect opening wasn't enough for man to beat machine. A computer system that Google engineers trained to play the game Go beat the world's best human player Thursday in China. The victory was AlphaGo's second this week over Chinese professional Ke Jie, clinching the best-of-three series at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen. Afterward, Google engineers said AlphaGo estimated that the first 50 moves -- by both players -- were virtually perfect. And the first 100 moves were the best anyone had ever played against AlphaGo's master version. Related: Google's man-versus-machine showdown is blocked in China "What an amazing and complex game! Ke Jie pushed AlphaGo right to the limit," said DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis on Twitter. DeepMind is a British artificial intelligence company that developed AlphaGo and was purchased by Google in 2014. DeepMind made a stir in January 2016 when it first announced it had used artificial intelligence to master Go, a 2,500-year-old game. Computer scientists had struggled for years to get computers to excel at the game. In Go, two players alternate placing white and black stones on a grid. The goal is to claim the most territory. To do so, you surround your opponent's pieces so that they're removed from the board. The board's 19-by-19 grid is so vast that it allows a near infinite combination of moves, making it tough for machines to comprehend. Games such as chess have come quicker to machines. Related: Elon Musk's new plan to save humanity from AI The Google engineers at DeepMind rely on deep learning, a trendy form of artificial intelligence that's driving remarkable gains in what computers are capable of. World-changing technologies that loom on the horizon, such as autonomous vehicles, rely on deep learning to effectively see and drive on roads. AlphaGo's achievement is also a reminder of the steady improvement of machines' ability to complete tasks once reserved for humans. As machines get smarter, there are concerns about how society will be disrupted, and if all humans will be able to find work. Historically, mankind's development of tools has always created new jobs that never existed before. But the gains in artificial intelligence are coming at a breakneck pace, which will likely accentuate upheaval in the short term. Related: Google uses AI to help diagnose breast cancer The 19-year-old Ke and AlphaGo will play a third match Saturday morning. The summit will also feature a match Friday in which five human players will team up against AlphaGo. CNNMoney (Washington) First published May 25, 2017: 9:22 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Americans gave up half of their vacation days last year Montana newspapers pull support for GOP candidate after alleged assault GOP candidate charged after allegedly 'body slamming' reporter Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors SmartAsset Paid Partner Save $100s at the supermarket with this card 0% interest + $0 In fees = Ultimate card to reduce debt 6 credit cards for people with excellent credit Compare financial advisors in your neighborhood NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until July 2018 with this card $200 just for using this credit card Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived follow us! Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy AdChoices
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Google’s AI just beat the world’s best Go player Google’s AI just beat the world’s best Go player Posted on Thursday, May 25, 2017 by CNN in Business News A near perfect opening wasn’t enough for man to beat machine. A computer system that Google engineers trained to play the game Go beat the world’s best human player Thursday in China. The victory was AlphaGo’s second this week over Chinese professional Ke Jie, clinching the best-of-three series at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen. Afterward, Google engineers said AlphaGo estimated that the first 50 moves — by both players — were virtually perfect. And the first 100 moves were the best anyone had ever played against AlphaGo’s master version. “What an amazing and complex game! Ke Jie pushed AlphaGo right to the limit,” said DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis on Twitter. DeepMind is a British artificial intelligence company that developed AlphaGo and was purchased by Google in 2014. DeepMind made a stir in January 2016 when it first announced it had used artificial intelligence to master Go, a 2,500-year-old game. Computer scientists had struggled for years to get computers to excel at the game. In Go, two players alternate placing white and black stones on a grid. The goal is to claim the most territory. To do so, you surround your opponent’s pieces so that they’re removed from the board. The board’s 19-by-19 grid is so vast that it allows a near infinite combination of moves, making it tough for machines to comprehend. Games such as chess have come quicker to machines. The Google engineers at DeepMind rely on deep learning, a trendy form of artificial intelligence that’s driving remarkable gains in what computers are capable of. World-changing technologies that loom on the horizon, such as autonomous vehicles, rely on deep learning to effectively see and drive on roads. AlphaGo’s achievement is also a reminder of the steady improvement of machines’ ability to complete tasks once reserved for humans. As machines get smarter, there are concerns about how society will be disrupted, and if all humans will be able to find work. Historically, mankind’s development of tools has always created new jobs that never existed before. But the gains in artificial intelligence are coming at a breakneck pace, which will likely accentuate upheaval in the short term. The 19-year-old Ke and AlphaGo will play a third match Saturday morning. The summit will also feature a match Friday in which five human players will team up against AlphaGo. Arabs give billions to charity. It might be better spent Girls Who Code founder: Brown girls can do 'white guy things' Related Posts Elon Musk’s next move: Merging brains and computers? Snapchat employee fell for phishing scam This designer clothing line is stylish … and bulletproof Walgreens cracks down on Theranos Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apps Mobile Tech AOL’s customizable email app Alto now has a built-in calendar New, 4 comments by Jacob Kastrenakes May 25, 2017, 9:00am EDT share tweet Linkedin Alto, the customizable email app from AOL, is getting more advanced today with the addition of a built-in calendar. The calendar will show any entries it can pull in from whatever calendars you might already be using (Google, Yahoo, Apple, and so on) and then add on top any events it can find by looking at your inbox. That includes flights, restaurant reservations, package deliveries, and anything else the app can pick out. A shot straight at Outlook It’s a smart addition that could really appeal to email power users, and it helps to position Alto as a better competitor to Microsoft’s mobile Outlook app, which has calendar features built by the team behind the much-loved Sunrise. Alto works with a wide range of email providers — including Gmail, Yahoo, iCloud, Outlook, and, of course, AOL — so its smart inbox features aren’t limited to a subset of people, as is the case with Google’s Inbox app. Getting to Alto’s calendar is a little bit weird and requires pressing two tiny buttons. That’s because the calendar is technically a secondary view for the app’s “dashboard,” which displays cards representing events, deals, deliveries, and other info it’s pulled out of your inbox. Going into the calendar mode then turns all of those items into calendar entries, which appear alongside everything else in the calendars linked to your email addresses. Right now, there’s only an agenda view, so it’s really best for people who just want a glance at the day ahead. In the future, the team says it plans to let users pull up a different calendar view by going into landscape mode, and they seem to recognize that calendar users expect to be able to use whatever view mode is already their favorite. I don’t personally like having my calendar inside my email app — I’d rather have the two be separate, so the calendar always defaults to showing me... you know, the calendar. But the app combination is clearly something some people enjoy, and it’s one of the big reasons that Outlook stands out right now. Alto is already a fairly customizable app, and this addition could help it go a step further in appealing to users who really like to tinker with their email setup. In addition to releasing its calendar feature today, Alto is also finally getting the Alexa integration that was promised back in December. You’ll be able to use it to check calendar entries and other events that Alto has pulled out from your inbox. Alto wouldn’t share how many people are currently using its app. But the team said it’s serving “millions of mailboxes” and pointed to Google Play’s install figures, which show between 500,000 and 1 million installs on Android. That range doesn’t represent active users, however. Oh, and in a bit of mixed news, it turns out Alto will soon part ways with AOL. Instead, it’ll be part of Oath. Next Up In Tech Overwatch fandom ruled Tumblr over the last year Disney CEO reports that hackers did not steal Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Amazon’s drive-up grocery stores are now open to the public in Seattle Note-taking app Bear is rapidly improving with new features Mark Zuckerberg’s commencement speech streamed on Facebook with hilariously awful captions Samsung’s new OLED screen prototype can stretch and bend Now Trending Google’s blob emoji are great and no one will convince me otherwise May 25th, 2017 Mossberg: The Disappearing Computer Tech was once always in your way. Soon, it will be almost invisible T.J. Miller won’t be returning for the next season of Silicon Valley Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 10. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Capcom’s Monster Hunter series is coming to Nintendo Switch by Sam Byford 2 comments / new Overwatch fandom ruled Tumblr over the last year by Chaim Gartenberg 1 comment / new Disney CEO reports that hackers did not steal Pirates of the Caribbean 5 by Andrew Liptak 6 comments / new Amazon’s drive-up grocery stores are now open to the public in Seattle by Chris Welch 5 comments / new Note-taking app Bear is rapidly improving with new features by Chaim Gartenberg 17 comments / new Mark Zuckerberg’s commencement speech streamed on Facebook with hilariously awful captions by Natt Garun 8 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot May 26, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Local  >   Taming the local search beast in a post-Possum and Fred world Taming the local search beast in a post-Possum and Fred world Local SEO 25 May 17 | Dan Taylor Facebook0 Linkedin24 Google+18 Twitter 42 It’s estimated that 46 percent of all searches performed on Google have a local intent, and the Map Pack appears for 93 percent of these. In September 2016 Google unveiled a new local search algorithm, dubbed Possum, and it pretty much went unnoticed in comparison to the real-time Penguin update released in the same month. In short, Possum made it harder for businesses to fake being in locations that they’re not (through the likes of virtual offices), as well as tackling Google My Business spam. Possum, however, isn’t a “single” algorithm update, as it affected both localized search results as well as the Map Pack, which of course are two separate algorithms both triggered by search queries that are interpreted as having a local search intent. The Google “Fred” update, which hit SERPs back in March, has also had an impact on local search, much like the Phantom updates before it. A lot of local SERPs are extremely spammy, where websites have been built cheap and location names have been liberally applied to every menu link and keyword on the page, such as this home page sidebar menu: This of course, is only a snapshot of the page – the menu and tile icons go on a lot more. Spam such as this still ranks on page one, because Google still has to provide results to its users. Take advantage of the market conditions A lot of locally-focused websites aren’t built by agencies; the vast majority tend to be self-built or built by bedroom level developers who can churn out a full website for £300 (or less). Some verticals have seen some significant online investment in recent years, while others lag behind considerably. By investing in a good website and avoiding the same spammy tactics of your competitors, you can create a powerful resource offering user value that Google will appreciate. Directory submissions and citations Just to be clear, I’m not talking about just backlinks. Recent studies have shown that citations with a consistent NAP (Name, Address & Phone number) are important to both local algorithms. There is no magic number to how many directory submissions you should have, but they need to be relevant. I’ve worked on local campaigns in the UK where they have been previously submitted to directories in Vietnam, Thailand and Australia. Yes, it’s a backlink, but it’s not relevant in the slightest. Think local with your directories, and exhaust those before moving onto national ones. The number of local directories should also outweigh the nationals were possible. To do this properly, it’s a manual process and to ensure quality it can’t be automated. Reviews Review volume, velocity and diversity factors are important, and in my opinion, they’re going to become more important in the coming months – particularly following the recent release of verified customer reviews for online businesses. In Google’s Search Quality Evaluator Guidelines, the evaluators are instructed to research a website/brand’s online reputation from external sources in order to assess the quality of the website. This is why getting reviews on your Google My Business listing, Facebook pages, positive tweets, Yell, Trip Advisor reviews etc are all great. Having testimonials and reviews on your website is great for users, but you wouldn’t publish bad reviews on your own website, would you? Google accepts that negative reviews appear, but as long the good outweighs the bad, you shouldn’t have anything to worry about. If you do get a negative review, demonstrate your customer service and respond to it. You can set up Google Alerts to monitor for your brand and flag up any external reviews. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin24 Google+18 Twitter 42 Related articles What does Google's "Project Owl" mean for search and fake news? International SEO: 5 ways to scale performance Google Answer Box strategy: The Dos and Don'ts What does voice search mean for your local SEO strategy? Google My Business & Bing Places Believe it or not, Google My Business is considered a directory, as is Bing Places. It’s important that you have one if you’re a local business, and that you’ve optimised it correctly. This means the correct business name, address and phone number (keep your NAP as consistent as possible), choose an appropriate category and include a thorough description. localBusiness structured data mark-up Structured data mark-up (or schema) is an addition to a website’s code that enables Google’s RankBrain (and other AI algorithms from other search engines) to better understand a website’s context by providing it with additional information. Not all websites are currently utilizing this schema (or any schema), and Google wants you to use it. If you don’t have developer resource to hand, and you’re not a coder you can use Google’s Data Highlighter to mark-up content – you will need a verified Google Search Console however to make this work. Other considerations As well as focusing locally, you need to also consider other ranking factors such as SERP click-through rates. Optimizing your meta title and description to appeal to local users can have a huge impact on click-through rates, and the change could be as simple as including the phone number in the title tag. You also need to be on https and have a secure website. Getting hacked, suffering a SQL injection or having malware put on your site can seriously damage your reputation within Google and take a long, long time to recover. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading 5 reasons to give SEO experts a seat at the website planning table Whatever the reason for your website planning meeting, there’s an important voice that should be at that table: your SEO expert. Here are five ways that your go-to SEO expert can positively affect the outcome of your website project. SEO 09 May 17 | Kevin Gamache How to optimize Google My Business listings for multi-location businesses Being listed on Google My Business (GMB) is an essential part of any local SEO strategy. But how can businesses with multiple locations make sure they aren’t penalized in search rankings? Local SEO 08 May 17 | Chris Camps Should Google be more transparent with its updates? Most of Google's algorithm updates nowadays are unconfirmed and unannounced, leaving website owners and SEOs guessing as to what caused a change in ranking and what they can do to fix it. Does Google owe it to its users to be more transparent? Industry SEO 02 May 17 | Rebecca Sentance 8 technical issues holding your content back Failure to properly audit and resolve technical concerns can disconnect your content efforts from the benefits it should be bringing to your website. Here are eight issues you should be considering before committing to any major campaign. Content SEO 01 May 17 | Tom Smith Tags Google Fred | local search | local seo | map pack | possum Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/05/25/taming-the-local-search-beast-in-a-post-possum-and-fred-world/ Send × Want to stay on top of local SEO trends? Get top insights and news from our local SEO experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 53 Plus 1 on G+ 133 Share on Facebook 55 Share on Twitter Total Shares241 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 137 queries | 0.768s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... SMS support for Hangouts officially ends today, excluding Google Voice and Project Fi subscribers Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/22 2:29pm PDTMay 22, 2017 99 Plus 1 on G+ 289 Share on Facebook 105 Share on Twitter Total Shares493 Applications Google News Videos Today is the day that Hangouts finally loses SMS support. We were warned by Google about it months ago when Hangouts started showing a warning that it would no longer support the feature. But, as of today, it's finally set to happen. For anyone who isn't on Project Fi or Google Voice — both of which will continue to support SMS in Hangouts — this is the end of an era. Many people, myself included, made the final push into Hangouts over other services when SMS support was added. The integrated conversations made it much easier to keep short communications together in one place. So far there's no word on if SMS support will be coming to Allo. Now that Hangouts support for SMS is finally over, we aren't really left with a clear migration method. Anyone that might have made use of it will have to either deal with using two separate apps again or move over to a new service. If you are looking for recommendations, Google's stock Android Messages isn't so bad. But, if you've been enjoying having SMS and chats merged, that isn't really a solution. Allo is always an option. But, that's the same issue from the other side, you'd still need to find a way to send SMS messages. There's always Facebook Messenger or Signal, which both provide a combined SMS and chat solution. Each has its disadvantages, though.  The latter doesn't have quite the same feature set that Hangouts did, and the former is a Facebook product. Either way, it's closing time. You might have just enough left to send one last SMS before the lights are shut off. If you still plan on using Hangouts for chats going forward, make sure you've updated to the latest version of over at Google Play or APKMirror. Download QR-Code Hangouts Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags Google Voice hangouts sms sms support video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Start off this week with 17 temporarily free and 15 on-sale apps, plus the first ... ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Anker PowerCore II 3x USB 6A 20000mAh dual input battery $34 after $10 off coupon code Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Never even used it once, Good_Ole_Pinocchio You're definitely in the minority there. Total Insecurity You know, buddy...? I never get it if you are just joking/lying or just clever and funny. Your name makes it pretty difficult to differentiate! Roy Me to crappy app. mxwp not even when you were checking your gmail on the computer and someone sent you a instant message? PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Never had the occasion. Cool story though: I was going to take a screen showing no archives, no "buddies" or whatever, and I see my wife has sent me a bunch of stickers (don't see a date, though). which is a surprise becauyse she's an iPhoner and I didn't even know she had Hangouts. Now I like Hangouts just as they EOL it! Suicide_Note Maybe she meant to send them to her boyfriend instead of you? ;) PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ lol YaKillaCJ Hangout is a great side number. TechGuy22 LOL 4Ui812 Google hangouts ... The only place where people never hanged out . cadtek91 *hung Ryne Hager Dunno, don't remember seeing anyone get hanged either. Even if we all got left out to dr-WHY GOOGLE, WHY?! JVF When referring to people it is always "Hanged", sounds funny but that's just how it is. It's a past participle. Ryne Hager Yup, I know. That was the joke. Jason E Perkins Yup. The past participle form of "hang out" is definitely "hung out." "Hanged" only means "suspended" or "put to death by hanging." 4Ui812 I understand what you're saying and I debated the proper way to put it..... I have to stand by hanged. xyz Hung Lo? instinct I am like 6 different active group chats in Hangouts. Good_Ole_Pinocchio Google doesn't care about you. humulos A truer statement has never been said Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2c9aad5a41d09ce24c4c4e04e7b3a28a2004487ff015df2fc519b5c2a9556024.gif Adrien Aubel Google's messaging strategy is now: - Android Messages for carriers & OEMs - meaning strictly SMS/RCS - Allo for their new consumer messaging service, and the focus of their upcoming work - Hangouts for business/enterprise Nothing personal :) humulos How innocent we once were, at the time when we witnessed Talk, Voice, SMS and G+ Messages become a single product, fulfilling all our dreams. Undone in naught but a few years, with this final limb being ripped from the body. But I guess I'm on Project Fi, so I'm good for now. My parents weren't happy about this news, since our family communicates primarily on large Hangouts threads. mxwp but if they are using actual Hangouts IM threads and not SMS they can still use Hangouts Shannon Butler Home-based mummy Kelly Richards from New York after quitting from her fulltime occupation has able to make from $26000 to $28000 on a monthly basis from freelancing in the house... This is just one way she successfully done it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now humulos For sure, and they still do. They just don't like having to use multiple apps for messaging. Adrien Aubel IMHO those big plans haven't been followed by strict coding/design rules, and Hangouts became progressively a technical mess, then a true nightmare for anybody to work on, with the UI becoming slower with each version, fortunately partly compensated by faster phones. To be fair, SMS/MMS can be very complicated to deal with, and Android development was much harder and potentially messy when Babel has been developed, the technologies available nowadays would have helped a lot. So down the road it would have been neither productive or future-proof to keep iterating all efforts inside Hangouts, at least without a total recode from the ground up. Right now I wonder if they will indeed clean the code up to remove all carrier SMS/MMS, and eventually speed up the app and make it smaller, or just roughly disable it. t_newt If Hangouts became a technical mess, the solution isn't to drop Hangouts, it's to fix Hangouts. They could have made it a framework for their products that any of their messengers could be installed into. Instead they are trying to make it an enterprise Slack competitor. What company is going to trust their company to Google's leftovers? "SMS/MMS can be very complicated to deal with". Apparently this is true at Google. Duder12 They aren't getting the left overs. They are getting two brand new products. Hangouts Meet and Hangouts Chat. pfmiller SMS can be complicated to deal with, but it's not dealt with by Hangouts. The OS handles SMS itself and then gives whichever SMS app you select access to the SMS message database. Adrien Aubel If you mean that the app doesn't have to interact directly with the radio, you're right. But the APIs provided for SMS/MMS by Google are nonetheless very tricky to integrate beautifully with. For example, the ContentProvider could be so much cleaner to interact with, and some OEMs like Samsung crash on non-simple queries. Another example is that most apps ship their own MMS logic, usually based on Google's own sources ( https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/services/Mms/+/master/ ), in case the carrier or OEM customized the system MMS logic and made it not work properly with apps other than their own, or if the system isn't configured correctly, and let the user the option to switch between this logic ("Legacy") and their system when it comes to send MMS. We could expect better from an OS serving 2B active users, but I'm glad it's at least open to 3rd party apps, unlike iOS. JG Personally, rather than spinning Allo off as its own new app, I would have preferred Google to treat it as the next major update to Hangouts. Have the team re-work the app from the ground up, streamlining the code, etc. If I'm not mistaking, around that time, Facebook and Shazam were launching their own reworked Lite app versions designed to use less bandwidth, storage and resources. Reworking Hangouts would have followed suite. Essentially, Google could have made their first Go ready app a year or so early. Hangouts already has a large username, and it has all of the features users have been asking for - cross device/platform and SMS support. And I don't think the is any issue with SMS being a challenge to implement as they have their own SMS app, Android Messages which send to work well enough to be the default app to push RCS. It shouldn't be too hard to fold it (and the Assistant) into Hangouts while streamlining it. My name is…. Nobody ever used Hangouts for SMS outside America. Actually, nobidy uses SMS no more. There DOES exist a world outside America, you know, and its much bigger!! sproc Haha, you wish. Everyone I know is stuck on sms. They try whatsapp and stuff then abandon it. Adrien Aubel Especially iOS users, who already have a great "Messages" app that outsmarts SMS when possible. For them it doesn't make too much sense to download another messaging app every now and then. Rodrigo Gomes da Silva So.. where are you from? Jay No you wish, but you must be in the states. No one i know uses SMS anymore. It's an archaic dead service, only used for bank transaction notifications and amazon deliveries. Everyone else is either on whatsapp (yes 220 million of us in this country and growing at 4 million a month) or (wechat which is like what 85-90 percent of China) No one cares for SMS. xyz And where do you live? America. We already know. TheDrunkenClam What an unnecessarily smug and nagging comment. Winston Well it's true, even if it's smug. Outside the US, SMS is pretty much dead as we've all moved towards WhatsApp, as carriers still don't give unlimited texts by default. I think it's time to start asking another company for SMS integration. Christopher Gannon That would work if so many people in the US weren't using iMessage, where the only way a non-apple user can chat is via SMS. Then apple makes it very difficult NOT to use it, so good luck convincing your friends to give up siri, etc. I'd also like a solution, like hangouts or iMessage, where messages aren't restricted to a phone, and I can seamlessly use both on my laptop, tablet or phone. Jacquilinefpaniagua Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sc164c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sc164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketStockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sc164c:....,..... xyz What an unnecessarily stupid response to a fact. Ryan Yes, but we still have all of the money. xyz You mean the top 1% of your country has all the money. The rest of the developed world gets free healthcare and education, so even our middle class have plenty of spare cash to spend. Ryan No, the purchasing power of the average American is still in the top 10%. 90% of this country doesnt know what poverty looks like in the rest of the world. Magister Good for them. I live in us and everyone uses sms, so that's what I use. What everyone else uses is moot. Michael Sørensen Nonsense. I'm not in the US (Europe) and the VAST majority in my country still use SMS. Alejandro And how do you send voice clips through SMS? Good luck with that runamonk Why the fuck are you sending voice clips? Just call them for fucks sake lol. Jesus you kids these days. IT'S A PHONE. Adrien Aubel At invi we observed that a significant amount of our users rely heavily on push to talk and voice typing. We want to improve it so that when you pick up the phone and put it on your ear it plays any unread message to make it more lightweight, as well as an auto-transcribe, but it's already pretty useful when you and your contact are used to it. When you're biking, on your way to the office, cooking, cute messages to your SO, ideas (that you can send to yourself as well), ... You can let your recipient get to your message whenever (s)he wants rather than requiring his/her availability right here and then. That being said, we'll bring soon WebRTC video calls / possible Duo integration to get face-to-face in one tap, and we expect this to indeed take over and reduce the microphone features usage. nigra truo Hahaha, you look silly defending a deficiency, voice memos are super useful, especially when driving or if somebodie's on a call. Used by many not stuck on sms. runamonk I'm not defending anything, sms is old and very long in the tooth. It should have been removed years ago. Andrew MMS handles voice clips just fine in my experience. dblock Easy, if your SMS app supports this (mine does), you can send voice clips as an attachment like any other MMS message. nigra truo Wow, the man is still using the archaic technology that is mms. Hahaha! I have not sent one like that since 2011, when i discovered whatsapp. Adrien Aubel I don't know if that's exactly what you meant, but on invi ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi ) you have push to talk, voice typing, and ability to share audio externally from any app (depending on the format and your carrier we may host it ourselves and send a link FYI). It's not just yet open outside of USA but I can eventually give you an APK if you can't wait to try it out, lmk! Tomáš Petrík Free for everyone, you say? Not here... And yes, I am in the EU. nigra truo Sms is over in europe, don't know where you are from, but you might want to be less backward and start using whatsapp like a billion other people, sms is archaic and it Can't do so many things that whatsapp can, which is already the defacto international IM standard, even on iphones, as it supports all the platforms. Michael Sørensen Scandinavia. And no one uses WhatsApp. Maybe backwards, but it works, and I still haven't seen a compelling argument for changing... Josh Brown outside america and use it everyday. Jason Hirsch I was very annoyed at having to add Hangouts as my SMS client. I couldn't keep separate separate anymore. Now in combination with Fi, GV, 2 phones and obi it's a nightmare. On this overseas trip i couldn't force Fi to dial via WiFi. So i had to go back and install Hangouts dialer. If they (Google) have a master plan there's no rhyme or reason to it. Nick I'm not sure what the future holds for us Fi users, but it's looking grim. My family and work is in the same boat it seems. I have been promoting Hangouts for a long time since it could handle everything I needed plus some, now as our services split out communications start to waver... All I can hope for now is they at least follow through with their promises to allo and add desktop support. (Status: Soon ™) atc-tech Google Voice users should still be able to use it too, I think? I don't know. I switched the the updated GV app when it came out around the same time the hangouts DEintegration was announced, so I'm not sure, but I think Voice users still can... Aaron Berlin Who knows what the plan is long-term for GVoice in Hangouts, but the actual GVoice app is actually good now. No equivalent to the chrome extension/desktop app, though. Ryne Hager You are right, Google Voice users can also continue to receive SMS messages in the app, I'll make that more clear. atc-tech Cool. I wasn't sure GV still could, but I thought I remembered hearing that we could. I gave up already though and use the prettier new GV app... Wish they would add back more features though. Ryne Hager The new app is so pretty. I do wish my GV voicemails would show up in my call logs again, though. atc-tech Yes! Along with the options for do not disturb mode. mxwp i exclusively use my GVoice number for calls and texts and use it on Hangouts. the update GVoice app has an annoying bug in that it tries to connect every account on your phone instead of just your main one. i have submitted it as a bug but have not heard anything back Tom Harman So when does Allo officially get SMS support, lol. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Same time it gets tablet support: Never. rndusrnm479461 Am I the only one who doesn't understand what's so good about SMS integration in either Allo or Hangouts? Is it really hard for you people to use 2 apps? Jesus christ. Google's "Android Messages" is lightweight anyway, why is it such a problem to use it? It shouldn't even eat much RAM. Kyle Gospodnetich Yes, yes you are. Please never work for Google, or really any company that has a hand in communications. My name is…. No, he is not Kyle Gospodnetich Congrats, now there's two of you idiots. iluvthesoftsoft One do-it-all app > two apps Adrien Aubel Let me know what you think about invi, https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi, we're trying to fix texting on Android and provide transparent switch between SMS&IM (devices handshake when you get into chats so that we determine whether you or the recipient has poor reception and should prefer SMS for example). MJ Two apps? One app for SMS and than Facebook, WhatsApp, Allo/Hangouts, and whatever to cover all my contacts. SMS is the only thing I can message 100% of my contacts with. Adrien Aubel Google's messaging strategy is now: - Android Messages for carriers & OEMs - meaning strictly SMS/RCS - Allo for their new consumer messaging service, and the focus of their upcoming work - Hangouts for business/enterprise They can't risk to upset carrier and OEMs by implementing non-carrier features in Android Messages / the default SMS app they provide. Or at least it's a risk they're not ready to take at that time. Btw I wouldn't say "Android Messages" is that lightweight btw, notably on modern devices it could be so much smoother :( sam1331 I don't get it either. When Android Messages came out I switched my SMS over to it. I quickly realized I was using it almost exclusively for 2 factor verification codes. But really, the notifications all go to the same place, I already have to decide whether to use Hangouts or Facebook Messenger when talking to basically anyone anyway. I also think people should push a little harder to move conversations over from SMS to something else, I've never found that to be very difficult. mxwp SMS is convenient because you know it will work with any American with a cell phone... including "dumb" flip phones. And it actually is really difficult to get people to switch to another service. Apple users just use imessage to send their SMS to me. And then I send them my glorious green bubbles and those ishills can suck it. YaKillaCJ Sms integration is important because it is supported by 100% of telecommunications service providers and integrated on all devices that can make a phone call and has a screen. You can even sms a home phone without a screen depending on carrier/service provider. Thus it messaging that works with 100% of your contacts. Having multiple Apps spread across 100s of contacts is plain annoying. So if any App wants to be taken serious, it needs to be serious and have sms. What's App already fills the void for bypassing sms across the globe. rndusrnm479461 This answer makes the most sense. Thanks. Adrien Aubel Let me know what you think about invi! play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi We're still new and young but we're very serious about our ambitions and not settling when we know it could/should be better. To fix texting on Android, we provide transparent switch between SMS&IM (devices handshake when you get into chats so that we determine whether you or the recipient has poor reception and should prefer SMS for example). Very handy in some countries/areas/events. And lets you reach *anybody* (that has a phone number). My name is…. Nobody uses SMS no more, and if i wanna send a text message to the last of the Mohicans, i will use my SMS app. I dont want no stupid integration and no stupid 'SMS fallback' that will make things worse. Chatting is not texting. YaKillaCJ There are only 2 widely used methods of messaging across mobile devices. Sms and What's App. Sms is supported on EVERY device from 2 way pagers and flip phones to house phones and smartphones. Any device that has a phone number supports sms. The majority of people doesn't care about added features like stickers and gif. We just care that all I need is the person phone number and from there I can call or text them. That's it. Bottom line is that it has to be a standard adopted by carriers on a worldwide scale. Hence what's app reason for such large scale use is it uses existing phone numbers for login, existing phone book for contact list, free, minimum data usage and encrypted. Even that is still not even used by a third of the devices that use sms. Ryuuie Last I checked, WhatsApp charged $1 or someshit. erptastic It has not done that officially for years. And even before that, they always just extended my account. Ryuuie Ah. Looks like it was recent and official as of last January but they dropped it. It was an annual $1 fee to use the app. disqus_Xz3y8OiO3O It's free YaKillaCJ Who actually pays that. I don't recall anyone ever paying. Besides, it's only $1 a year and that significantly cheaper than carriers who don't have unlimited sms charge. nigra truo The majority of people don't care about features? Go check the market share of whatsapp, you are misinformed. The majority does care and only hillbillies still use flip phones. ;-) YaKillaCJ Features are nice but seamless compatibility is more important. Btw last I recall, less than half of mobile phones in use are smartphones worldwide. Using What's App doesn't allow me to message 100% of my contacts, SMS does. Bottomline. nigra truo Sms has endless limitations that is making it useless compated to something as full featured as whatsapp, i found it easier to convince my backwards US friends to use whatsapp, as this will be the universal standard anyway, 1 billion users gives you a hint. YaKillaCJ I do agree that the standard needs to move forward. What I'm saying is that it would have to be a standard adopted by carriers & service providers worldwide. Until then, any App that wants to be taken serious and get use needs to fall back on the current standard. What's App billion users is small compared to the billions in use that support SMS. USA alone has 500million numbers that support sms and that just 1 country. mxwp in the larger scheme of things, I agree with you that it is not a big deal. still, having one app do both was convenient. the other complaint is Android fanboys being envious of iMessage, which Hangouts could have become. exadeci The main reason that people use Imessage is that you get rich messaging capabilities out of the box if the person you are talking to has an Iphone everything is abstracted, you add someone's number and you start chatting right aways no need to exchange accounts id's or find which app you both use. And if the other doesn't have an Iphone you can still message them or if you killed your data plan it sends an sms. But Google doesn't add sms support because they are pushing for RCS which is a GOOD thing: Standalone Messaging 1-to-1 Chat Group Chat File Transfer Content Sharing Social Presence Information IP Voice call Best Effort Video call Geolocation Exchange Audio Messaging Network based blacklist Capability Exchange based on Presence or SIP OPTIONS All this WITHOUT using any data, data needs an link to be established this doesn't. Chris Hannan It's not hard for most of us to use it. The problem is the people we contact don't want to use separate apps. Everyone with iPhones uses iMessage because it just works by default. But barely anybody I know uses Hangouts and nobody I know uses Allo. If it was all built into one app that shipped with Android phones, more people would use it. Troy Leonard and I removed Hangouts as of today I will no longer consider using any google messaging service ever again Sruly J Isn't Gmail a form of messaging? (Or do you not use Gmail?) Troy Leonard Not for long I'm transitioning over to outlook.com. And upgrading my phone to an iPhone. I'm sick of slow to no updates on my phone,and done with Google ruining everything I ever liked about their apps and Android. naysayer Good riddance. Adrien Aubel Let me know what you think about invi (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi), a new app that we're making that brings a lot of the goodies iMessage brings to iOS users, with big long-term ambitions, and still trying to preserve a consistent and sleek UI. Hopefully that will make you stick to Android and you'll make your iPhone friends jealous in a few months/years ;) Zsolt V Why bother evangilizing? He already decided Outlook on an iPhone is better than Gmail, so let him enjoy it. Troy Leonard Your link is broken Adrien Aubel Fixed thanks! Disqus didn't like the closing ')' at the end of the link. XgudwilX eww outloook😲 Total Insecurity Saying "upgrading my phone to an iPhone" is the same as converting from atheism to any religion. Just a downgrade. bekifft It's true, and their failings and obvious ulterior motives in messaging have, for the first time in a decade, made me consider moving my email back to a private service over which I have control. Roy Thank you and have a nice flight. -Matoro Zeliph- Just want to make sure I'm not missing anything. So Google Voice SMS will no longer work too? Corbin Davenport That will still work as well. Ryne Hager Google voice will still work, just like Fi. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ It's primarily that regular SMS will no longer function in the app. A while back they killed of threading of SMS/MMS and Hangout messages, and now they are killing SMS/MMS entirely out of the app and suggestin people to switch to Android Messages. -Matoro Zeliph- Ok cool! I'm good then. Thanks for the clarification everyone Bill Blandford Hangouts SMS looks like it still works for Google Voice SMS too. Essentially, this is like Fi, which is a Google Voice number at heart. My wifi-only-device kids use Hangouts to call and text with a Google Voice #. Timmy Turner Yeah GV will continue to work through Hangouts since the number you use via Project-Fi is a GV given number. Adrien Aubel For people that were still using Hangouts and want to try a new app that also does SMS & IM, that tries to provide a fast & polished experience to fix texting on Android, I'd love some honest feedback! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi We're trying hard to "make it right" and have so much planned on the roadmap, so any feedback is great to have to tweak things up. Let us know what you think! exadeci While the initiative is nice, why would we use your messaging app? If I want an instant message app that does sms and that no one else uses I already got Signal and at least Signal is proven to be secure. What makes Messenger (Facebook), WhatsApp and Imessage good? Their userbase. Ask anyone for a way to communicate and they will use one of those apps, no need for fallback sms when everyone has an account. Adrien Aubel Thanks for your feedback @exadeci:disqus! Great questions :) And Signal is nice as well! It's not for everybody but if you're happy with it keep using it but make sure to check us out in a few months to check that you haven't been missing out, we're going fast! I think there's much more to iMessage that makes it good than their userbase. It is a polished app that just works, and lets you reach anybody, therefore becoming your trusted "go to" texting app. We expect Google to release this summer new capabilities that will let you use IM in more scenarios. Very interesting stuff that we can't wait to let our users benefit from. But our initial target is actually SMS users, people that unlike you and I don't really care about the details, they just want a reliable app that sends and receive their messages. And they're actually quite happy with SMS/MMS in that regard, it just works (when you don't fight with APNs, something we try to prevent as well). We want to transparently "upgrade" those users that may be using Android Messages or a 3rd party app custom-made for the carrier or OEM, not necessarily developed with great care and polishment, and sometimes truly terrible (really, you wouldn't believe what's on some popular carriers, that most users end up using 10 times a day for years). Right now invi is mostly upgrading the transport of your messages and general experience as we develop another big focus of ours: bring your chats to life, try to get out of this 99% of messages exchanged being plain text. Texting can be the most impersonal way of communication and this flattens relationships. A bar suggests as you type relevant media to enrich in 1 tap your message and our users send 12% of their messages with stickers, GIFs, or regular images. Which helps you transmit how you truly felt when writing this message, it doesn't flatten as much your emotions (although we're far from done, it'll get much smarter and more personal on a per-chat basis). It always send instantly over IM as well (no upload or anything like that, optimized WebP images for super-fast download). Open your top 3 chats on Signal, chats that you have with people you care the most about, look at all this flat plain texting, and try to visualize the gap compared to what it could be, how it could have been more personal and transmitting more of your feelings or emotions. We're targeting this gap, and again, we're just getting started but have serious ambitions and motivation. If you use Snapchat, look at all that rich media that gets thrown to your eyes or that you throw to people, that doesn't always make sense and is often disconnected from conversations, sometimes losing its value and feeling like you just threw a bottle in the ocean, just leaving you with a list of who saw it. We're looking at that gap as well, as invi becomes more and more rich in terms of content creation. After a few iterations over a couple of years we believe that we found a solution that will let us bring up our roadmap in a consistent structure. State-of-the-art technology that is although just the foundation for all the exciting stuff that we want to add in the coming months. We are in talks with some OEMs and resellers to make invi default which would help grow invi's user base and help us improve our product with more diverse usage, while some upcoming features of invi should ultimately help us get a lot more users naturally. exadeci Signal has actually Gifs from Giphy, stickers and the possibility to send a location but I don't use this kind of feature even on Messenger it's quite rare that I send a sticker. Google is strongly pushing for RCS adoption which would add all these emotions sharing: https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-uniblog-publish-prod/original_images/Rogers_Google_RCS.gif https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-uniblog-publish-prod/original_images/Telenor_6P_GIF_0UHHQdI.gif https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-uniblog-publish-prod/images/RCS_Android_Update.width-600.png Adrien Aubel Exactly, but how relevant is Giphy? Again don't compare with things you've seen so far but with what it could potentially be if it truly understood your relationships and intentions, if it combined that with your taste and the way you usually communicate with this specific person. And what if your friends or other people were able to add their own media and stickers through channels and then be discovered, liked and followed, with deep intelligence powering it all and bringing the right content to the right user? We built invi to support all this, we don't just use a Giphy API, we used the most advanced and lightweight technologies to communicate in realtime with our backend, even on pretty bad 3G, from where we curate the media that eventually gets recommended to you. The screenshots you attached look great as well, but see Android Messages is a good example there's only 5 packs of stickers that won't get more relevant or smarter no matter how many stickers you use or how many times you use Android Messages. Idk who would use a given sticker hundreds of times, but anyway I'm not sure those were really representative of how Android Messages is most commonly used. The features are technically there, as often, but they're very limited in their potential as of now. The Awesome Bar isn't for everyone but can eventually help people like you, as images just get displayed while you're typing, no action required, and if you see one that you like you can just tap it to see how it looks and enrich your message, send and you're done. Google is pushing RCS, very true! And we're excited about the great work the Jibe team did in the past couple years. They're a bit shy to share their RCS client implementation at the moment, it may be unstable or not well documented at the moment, but we're meeting regularly with Google and hope to add RCS to our transparent switch as soon as possible, even though the user base is a bit limited at the moment it has the potential to grow fast and solve many issues. If they're reluctant for too long we may use other hubs that would communicate seamlessly through Unified Profile. But for now, we're watching the number of users actually benefiting from RCS grow while we focus on other areas of improvements. sam1331 I am actually kind of optimistic about all this, more so than I was maybe a year ago. They've been putting out a steady stream or improvements to Allo, and when I've experimented with it with a friend it actually is an enjoyable experience. Releasing it without a web app is just shocking, but if that's added and it works well, I could totally see moving over to it from Hangouts, where I do the vast majority of my communicating. The other piece of the puzzle is Duo. If they can integrate a Duo button in Allo conversations (like it seems they will), and they eventually add group calling, which can't be that far off, then I think it will be a nice solution for myself and my family. And I've got quite a few friends that are all about Android instead of iOS, so I can see them switching to Allo from Hangouts. But not until there is a web app, because they aren't stupid. Chad Knasinski I would use Allo if they added SMS support and a desktop version like Hangouts had. Nick.Trite Same here. I have Fi so I'll continue to use Hangouts for SMS. I really love the fact that I can switch seamlessly from desktop to mobile and still be sending SMS. Until Allo does that, I won't consider moving. Chad Knasinski Ditto Sir_Brizz And multi-device support. Can't even use it or sync it on my LTE Tablet... Carson Saldanha So, basically Hangouts but revamped? We've come in full-circle. Sir_Brizz Sure. The problem is that every other chat platform has these features in 2016. Including Hangouts. Roy Me to, love it. mxwp unless they remove hangouts from gmail, people will still secretly be using "hangouts" all the time. in fact, the only way Allo will ever take off without SMS is if it replaces Hangouts (gtalk) on gmail and inbox. Chad Knasinski So correct me if I am wrong here but Google wants us to do this with our messages: SMS - Google Messenger Business SMS - Hangouts Messages - Allo Facebook - Messenger Video Chat - Duo Business Video Chat - Hangouts Video Really? Are you kidding me here? Timmy Turner You've got it right and if there's a joke, you'll being waiting a while for the punchline. disqus_em5YfkbWdk What Business SMS and how is 8t different from other SMS? Zsolt V What does Facebook have to do with anything you wrote? So you are corrected. SpadeX Are you new to tech world? John Not exactly. SMS - Messenger SMS (Project Fi and Voice) - Hangouts SMS (Voice) - Voice Chat - Allo Chat - Hangouts Video chat - Duo Video chat - Hangouts Voice call - Hangouts Voice call (Voice) - Voice Nicholas Conrad Email - Gmail Business Email - G Suite SMS - Google Messenger Business SMS - Hangouts Messages - Allo Facebook - Google+ Video Chat - Duo Business Video Chat - Hangouts Meet Phone calls - Google Voice/Project Fi/Google Home FIFY xyz That's only for Google fanboys. Regular people ditched Google's messaging apps a long time ago. Timmy Turner I recommend Textra to anyone looking for a new SMS app. Sleek, customizable and continually updated/supported. Adrien Aubel Textra is very nice, notably customization-wise as you said, you can go deep and fine-tune basically any UX element. And it's super fast and lightweight as well. I am working as well on a new SMS app that also provides IM similarly to iMessage on iPhone, and many other features, most of them upcoming though. Would you mind giving me a honest feedback when you have the time? It's called invi on the Play Store https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi Timmy Turner Sure thing. freshprince_87 That invi SMS app is an awesome app. Near flawless app. but I stop using it because I kept having problems with MMS messages and also it just like Allo in the sense where if you uninstall the app and reinstall it on the same phone all your instant messages are all gone including some of the regular SMS /MMS messages. You need to make the app save all your messages on to an account like a Google account in the cloud. So that no matter what device you use the instant messages will still be there. Adrien Aubel @freshprince_87:disqus Thank you for your feedback! MMS can be very tricky and every carrier has its own set of specificities, I'm sorry about that, it shows we're still young but obviously like you said, such a core functionality bug makes our whole effort worthless for you here. Do you mind sharing your carrier, device model, and Android version? Did you try using "Legacy MMS" in the app settings? About the IM sync, that's an issue we're definitely looking into, considering all potential security and privacy issues, notably as some countries like USA recycle pretty aggressively your phone numbers, and with the desire to bring a Web client in mind. Google should announce this summer APIs that will eventually help us regarding security, so stay tuned :) freshprince_87 Thanks. I didn't use the legacy MMS. I hope that you add the IM sync soon. I'm on a T-Mobile service using the Moto Z Play on Android Nougat 7.0 Adrien Aubel Ok thank you, if you don't mind I have other questions to dive into your problem :) What specifically was failing? MMS sending, receiving, or both? Did it show an error? Is it only on group MMS or all MMS? Whatever information you may have will be helpful. Our next release should bring MMS reliability improvements and notably Wifi texting when supported by the carrier (first MMS may send up to 60s to send as we're trying out routes but then all other Wifi MMS should send very fast). Tom Westrick https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5ecvBaqHBk MJ Thank God I use Project Fi otherwise this would suck big time for me. TJ Mills Thank God I have Google voice.... Def Ref Actually, it sucks for Fi users who wish to economize on data because Hangouts no longer uses cellular SMS but requires a data connection, wifi or cell data. I didn't realize this was happening (because they said Fi wasn't going to be affected) until I got my replacement Nexus 6P and suddenly wasn't receiving SMS texts. They couldn't sort it out, even sending me a new SIM which didn't work either. It wasn't until I really started digging that I discovered that SMS required data to work and you'd either have to use a different SMS app (and lose multi-device sync; esp ability to type on computer thru Gmail) or turn on data. Lame. MJ OK... I am on WiFi most of the day myself but even with no WiFi it's still texting. Confused, you don't have data on Project Fi? Def Ref I keep my mobile data turned off unless I need traffic info for navigation or need to be in contact with someone via FB Messenger. Otherwise between home, work, Xfinity hotspots, etc., I'm usually not far from wifi. I don't care if I can't get my email for a half-hour while I'm driving. When you're paying per MB, you start noticing how much data apps guzzle. But last month I only used 85MB, so my next bill will be just over $24 with tax. Point is that before they killed SMS support, I didn't need to have data turned on to receive texts. Now I do. MJ I just don't see how you would guzzle data if usually on WiFi. I leave data on and use less than a GB a month. Granted, I don't check my email on my phone ever. LOL Dracono Love hangouts never used SMS. It also seems most negative reviews about it being slow was always tired to the SMS feature. I'm now curious with the removal of they'll us the opportunity to evolve or let it idle. mxwp it will evolve into a business app... but hopefully still available for consumers VAVAMk_2 Just give us SMS support in Allo for Christ's sake! Adrien Aubel SMS/MMS can be quite hard to deal with technically and Google didn't choose to go that way. It is possibly also due to the push they did to replace the default SMS app on many OEMs and carriers, strategically it's hard for them to push much of Google's agenda through the SMS app they give carriers, and they're mostly limited to SMS/RCS. Roy Christ will not give you SMS, bat Star of David could promise you RCS in Allo. mxwp Big G repeatedly stated it would never happen tim242 Liar. Adrien Aubel https://twitter.com/amitfulay/status/840236304130428928 Roy Great. It's was the plan all along. Now Allow will get RCS and web browser everything gonna integrate with Duo. I'm all the way in. I never like Hangout. I love Allo. #stop stop babies don't you cry. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman I don't think that's possible. RCS is still mainly just an extension of SMS. If it doesn't support SMS, I don't see it handling RCS. Roy When RCS will come it will be with SMS already. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Based on what? Besnik Rrustemi No problem guys,we have like 69 other Messaging Apps by Google to choose from and maybe 2 new others coming soon. Roy Haha it's so old. Can someone can come with new jokes here? Besnik Rrustemi Well sorry Old Man then, never knew your age before. * Respect for Old People * Sir_Brizz Let the confusion officially begin! Indianajonze google can go fk themselves Robert Gerhart Why isn't anybody asking the bigger question: why the hell does anyone use outdated SMS in the first place? It's like complaining that Hangouts doesn't integrate butter churns and wagon wheels either. There is nothing more annoying than a text message. Adrien Aubel SMS is always nice to have in some situations, that happen more or less depending on where you live. Uncovered areas, concerts or big games, people having no LTE-enabled plans, or simply on some roads and highways. In USA for example all those scenarios happen a lot, notably in some states. And eventually, in most countries you still use SMS for 3rd party services, banks, transportation, or even government-related messages. Most importantly, in countries that still use SMS you can reach *anybody you know* from one app. And that's really a great thing to have. Now you're right, IM is so much more pleasant. Instant delivery, read status, last active time, way faster image format and transport. At invi ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi ) we try to take advantage of this and combine both the way it should be. When you open a chat with somebody, we trigger a handshake to check that both you and the recipient are well connected. If one of both doesn't answer on time, it simply switches to SMS/MMS, it's automatic and out of your way. Otherwise you take advantage of state-of-the-art transport with some unique optimizations. Try to send a GIF over IM and see how fast it goes, compared to MMS or even Whatsapp. Let me know what you think! Aaron Simple; SMS is ubiquitous. Every cellular device in operation can send and receive SMS, from the most current and expensive flagships like the iPhone and Galaxy, to the cheapest budget devices, all the way down to the oldest flip phones. I can text my dad on his flip, my wife on her Nexus or my Capt on his iPhone and each one will receive that message and reply. Show me an IM that can do all of that (that isn't on the iPhone). I guess that invi app that guy's been pedaling might, but I'm waiting for it to gain some traction before trying to convince anybody to switch to yet another IM. Rod The rest of the world uses Whatsapp, everyone has it installed. JG Even people with generic flip phones? Rod Nope, but I don't remember the last time I saw someone with a flip phone. The poor now bear Galaxy Win/Pocket/etc JG My aunt still has one. She recently attempted to upgrade to a smartphone but that seems to have failed big time... Apparently my telling her to tap the icon that's labeled "EMAIL" to get her email is too complicated... That and the free phone she got is a PoS... 512MB of RAM and only 4GB of storage - with the OS consuming all but like 100MB there of. So it didn't perform quite so hot. She seemed a bit surprised her free phone didn't perform as well as my Pixel XL does... Rod You're better off simply calling her. Lol JG Or even better off not getting in touch with her period. I also happened to see another flip phone in use while I was out traveling today. TJ Mills Everyone in China uses Wi chat. Rod I believe you meant WeChat. Yes, but WhatsApp still has the largest userbase. TJ Mills Yes, I did mean WeChat. I knew it looked wrong. My point is that not everyone is on WhatsApp in all places in the world. Where SMS is ubiquitous. Rod I have a friend that came from China, and he says most people in China uses WhatsApp as well. It's pretty omnipresent. Aaron And if everyone in the US would get on board with a single IM that would be great. But here iPhone users tend to stick with the stock Messages app. Great for sending iMessages between each other and SMS to the rest of us. Terrible for convincing them to switch to another IM. And most Android users I know use whatever stock SMS message app came with their phone for texting with iPhone users and old people and FB Messenger for IM with everyone in their friends list. So if you have a strategy for getting everyone on a single IM platform I'm sure the Allo team at Google would love to hear it. Jordan L I agree with your post. iphone users LOVE their stock messaging app, as they should it's the best app on their phone. It feels like, at least in my circle, iphone users have the stock messaging app, Facebook Messenger, and Whatsapp. "older" people only have the stock app as they can barely use their phones in the first place. "younger" people all three. Rod Yeah, I know how it works in USA. As a foreigner, it's funny to see how much you guys rely on SMS lol. Aaron Not funny haha but funny sad. :( Rod USA is a world apart. lomsha Believe it or not, even 2g is still a luxury in some countries, which makes​ instant messaging iffy. In those cases sms is a great alternative. Not everyone is in the 1st world with a sweet smartphone and reliable data access. TJ Mills Standard is better than better. When someone comes up with a universal replacement that works on all classes of phones, then the world can switch. Until then it's a mishmash of services and applications​to communicate. Why does everyone still use email? Because of the standards. Michael Sørensen Convince me why I shouldn't... Currently I can write to anyone for free without first asking them what their preferred platform is. And they can reply for free regardless of said preferred platform. Again, convince me why that's not good enough? And don't say "stickers". Just don't. Security? Bah, no sensitive information sent. Robert Gerhart Two words: phone call. Just freaking CALL them... You already have the phone in your hand, and you know they have one as well. If you can condense what you need to say into 144 characters, it probably isn't important enough to bother the other person with in the first place. No more retarded tap-tap-tap... Turb0wned That was a stupid answer. I'm not going to have 15 different messaging apps to be able to talk to people. iMessage just works with everyone. Adrien Aubel Agreed that there's something pretty great about being able to reach *all your friends* from a single app. At least the ones that have a freaking phone numbers :D Of course, it's just how messaging should be but it also makes sense that all big players would heavily restrict any 3rd party integration, messaging is a huge, strategical, market. nigra truo Very good point, sms is over and has been for a long time, it is just that americans are strangely still in love with the ancient spartanic standard, they are backwards compared to the rest of the globe. Whatsapp for example does not support sms because it REPLACES it obviously. Sms can't do rich communication without ugly crutches, try making a free voice or video call through it, send a full size video, high resolution photos, a contact, a document, your location, an audiorecording and everything encrypted. All these things whatsapp can do natively, on all platforms, not just on iphones or apple devices, 1 billion users speak a clear language. Midnitte At this point, I'm held hostage stuck using Hangouts since it's the only thing that natively supports desktop messaging. Sigh. Bryan Chandler Signal has a Chrome app for desktop messaging. https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/signal-private-messenger/bikioccmkafdpakkkcpdbppfkghcmihk?hl=en Midnitte Ah yea, I would prefer something native though, plus I still use Hangouts for some contacts. I lament the loss of merged conversations too Lord Argyris "Each has its disadvantages, though. The latter doesn't have quite the same feature set that Hangouts did, and the former is a Facebook product." It's lines like these that keep.me coming back to AP. JD My support for Google and their messaging platforms ended the beginning of May. Kelly Clubb Well this sucks for any user that enjoyed an easy to use sms app. I use Hangouts and thankfully for project fi will continue it's support BossMa1n3 Eh..doesn't effect me stop using hangout for sms awhile ago..more interested in a flat screen phone with side bezels as thin as the one in the pic.. Grey PLEASE Bring Hangouts Chat and Hangouts Meet to all users. That has so many new and awesome features. It's like everything Allo isn't. DragoCubed The comment section is rough b_boogey_xl Bye Hangouts! hp-fourtwenty oh ffs...voice is still supported??? hell yeah!! nxtiak I'm waiting for the day G+ contacts disappear from Hangouts. I hate how on PC when I type a name to start a conversation it lists random people on G+. SHOW ME THE NAMES FROM MY DAMN CONTACTS GOOGLE!!!!!!!!! Maave RIP Hangouts. I had group chats, Google Voice, and SMS all in one. Now my group chats have moved to Telegram but I'm still stuck with nerfed Hangouts for GV. Chris Wachtman Hey, what's wrong with facebook? /s Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I switched to Signal because of this mess and I've very happy I did---it works great. The only feature I miss is tablet support, but it's coming soon, and unlike Google, when Signal receives a new feature, it's actually ready to be released, and works well. Jason E Perkins Boy am I glad for the second half of that title. ROB TEXTRA DC_Guy If Apple would just open up iMessage to Android, 99% of our messaging problems would be over. haha Dragos Lucian Totally forgot Hangouts existed. I've been using Telegram for quite some time now and I'm more than happy with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The name of the app is very off-putting if they ever wanted to increase adoption among business/serious users. But as I found out just yesterday, it's actually a really nice SMS apparatus. rap Some say SMS is dead. But not everyone has a smartphone or data. SMS works without either. Adam Margeson Haven't been using it since I switched over to Allo. 1966CAH When it comes to messaging, Google is like an ex-girlfriend. Once, so sweet and alluring, now somebody I want nothing to do with. johdaxx Well, I hope they can sort this mess out eventually. I don't really care too much about SMS per se...but I do need some way to message people that don't have whatever apps I have or have apps I don't have. Especially if they have the audacity to use an iPhone or something. Brandon Hann This didn't affect me since I use Google Voice exclusively and have a data-only plan for my cell service. Let's just hope Google doesn't kill off Google Voice in the future. keithzg I would say, why remove a feature when you're clearly still supporting it for some users anyways, so it's no more maintenance to just leave it enabled for everyone? I would say that, if I thought there was any coherent or rational approach to messaging strategy and development at Google. Personally I switched to Facebook Messenger for SMS, if only because of Chat Heads (multitasking for IM is pretty nice). Was tempted towards Signal, but Signal wants you to import and encrypt your SMS's, and I don't want to get locked into an SMS app. derp_cookies These guys are starting to remind me more and more of Hooli. xyz Good decision. Next step is to discontinue Hangouts, then Allo, then Messages, and then Duo. Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 133 queries | 0.852s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News Most ReadPaid Search PPC Guide Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT Paid Search | 18 hours ago 4 Psychological Tips to Write PPC Ads That Pack a Punch 274 SHARES 458 READS Chris Giarratana Chris Giarratana 458 READS Your PPC mission is to grab the attention of searchers, give them the information they need, and ultimately entice them to click on your ad. That process, whether it’s with Google AdWords or Bing Ads, all starts with optimized ad copy that taps into basic human psychology. Psychology can give you a huge edge over your competitors. Here are five psychological tips to write PPC ads that pack an emotional punch and will also increase conversions and revenue. 1. Focus on Your Value Proposition Your customers have specific problems. They are searching Google and Bing for solutions to improve their lives. Make sure your ads show up for these queries. Tell searchers why your product or service is the best solution and how it will help address their needs. Too many companies fail to make the most of their PPC budget by focusing on product features. But you’ll see the biggest performance from focusing on benefits. Showing the value of your products and services through PPC ads is pretty easy: all you have to do is show customers how you will improve their lives if they buy from you. I like to use the word “you” in my ad copy whenever possible. This word helps establish a connection because I’m talking directly to the reader. Value-based language helps build rapport with your customers and ensures that each click is a qualified lead. Building value in your PPC ads also helps you create an emotional connection with your customers. This is one of the best ways to build brand affinity (and a loyal customer base). 2. Use Urgency and Limited Availability People are naturally risk-adverse. This means that one of the strongest motivators for people to take action is the fear that they will miss out on something and never have the chance to get it in the future. Urgency is a strong catalyst to include in your PPC ads because it will show that your company is active and that your products and services are not going to be available forever. Many brands will utilize urgency in their marketing content by demonstrating a limited-time special or discount. Broadly speaking, you can use two types of urgency in your ads: real and implied. Real Urgency is when you promote something that has an actual end date or limited production date range. PPC copy like “24-hour special” or “This weekend only” are examples of real urgency. Once a particular point is reached the individual offer will no longer exist. Implied Urgency is when you use different types of language to build excitement around your ad offer. You can use words like “Now” and “Today” to imply a small window for your customers to take action and receive a given offer. Unlike real urgency, implied urgency only suggests the need to act now. In general, you will find that real urgency is more efficient than implied urgency because it shows your customers that there are actual consequences for not taking action now. However, be aware that many consumers have become wary of exaggerated urgency in marketing. You should only use real urgency when it makes sense and if you know your customers can’t find a similar or better deal once time expires. If your offer doesn’t meet these points, then you should use implied urgency in your PPC ads if you need to use urgency at all. 3. Alleviate Risks & Fears One of the best ways to mitigate risk and concerns of your customers through your PPC ads is to outline special offers and use social proof. Special offers can include: 100% Satisfaction Money-Back Guarantee Free Shipping Social proof is a great way to prove the value of your product or service without having to advertise yourself. You can leverage what your customers are saying about you and show the positive feedback in your PPC ads. It’s one thing to talk about yourself, but it carries more weight whenever someone else speaks highly of you. This is what social proof is, and your PPC ads will have higher conversions whenever you can highlight the great things your customers say about you. 4. Use Compelling CTAs in Your Ad Copy Your PPC ad copy needs a strong and clear CTA. PPC ads that fail to include a CTA in the ad copy will have lower click-through and conversion rates. Here are just a few examples of CTAs that can work for your PPC ads: Buy Now! Download Today! Save Today Only! Plan Your Vacation! Redeem Coupon! Claim Your Seat! Sign Up Register Now! Customize your ad copy and CTA based on your target audience, industry, and product offer. Craft Great PPC Ad Copy to Drive Business Today Now that we looked at four different aspects to make great PPC ad copy, you can begin writing amazing ads to drive more conversions for your business. Remember to use psychological triggers to make your AdWords a valuable asset for your business. Since you pay for each click then you need to use every tactic to make amazing PPC ads. Use these tips to start increasing revenue for your business today. Image Credits Screenshots by Chris Giarratana. Taken May 2017. ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts 15 Tips to Help You Write Better Social Media Content 5 Psychological Triggers That Lead to Effective Content Campaigns Google Local Pack Down to 3 Listings, Address & Phone Number Removed ADVERTISEMENT Chris Giarratana Orlando Copywriter at CJGiarratana Chris is an Orlando copywriter and digital marketing consultant. With 13 years of experience helping small business owners make more ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! ThinkTank Webinar Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Wed. May 31st, 2PM Eastern Partner Stories Paid Search Optimization: A Management Approach for Success Search Podcast How AI and Machine Learning Affect the Future of Online Marketing Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search PPC Guide All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Tech News All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Dave Parrack The Desktop Player All Google Play Music Users Need Entertainment Linux The Desktop Player All Google Play Music Users Need Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: LG G6 Review (and Giveaway) Android Product Reviews LG G6 Review (and Giveaway) Skye Hudson May 25, 2017 25-05-2017 12 minutes LG G6 Review (and Giveaway) Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email The spring smartphone flagship season is upon us, and LG is coming out swinging with their brand new LG G6, the successor to last year’s modular LG G5. While we quite enjoyed the innovation that the G5 offered LG G5 Review and Giveaway LG G5 Review and Giveaway It's rare to see a flagship smartphone that actually innovates at this point. They're all starting to blend together as similarly-sized unibody metal slabs with nearly identical features. Read More , it wasn’t so warmly accepted by consumers. The G5 sold poorly, prompting LG to head back to the drawing board for the G6. The result is a smartphone unlike anything LG has ever made before, and it’s a real contender for the best smartphone of 2017. Read on to find out exactly what we thought of it, and to enter the competition to win one for yourself! Specifications Model: LGH870DS Price: $670 on Amazon [CDN$769] (correct at the time of writing) Dimensions: 148.9mm x 71.9mm x 7.9mm (5.86in x 2.83in x 0.3in) Weight: 163g (5.75oz) Processor: 2.35GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 RAM: 4GB Storage: 64GB (Asia only) or 32GB Screen: 5.7″ (2880 x 1440) QHD+ FullVision IPS Quantum Display with an 18:9 aspect ratio Cameras: f/1.8 rear-facing 13MP camera with OIS, f/2.4 wide-angle rear-facing 13MP camera, and f/2.2 5MP front-facing 13MP camera Speakers: Single speaker along the bottom right Battery: 3,300mAh battery, charged using USB Type-C with Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 Operating System: Android 7.0 Nougat with LG’s custom interface Extras: Fingerprint scanner, wireless charging (US only), 32-bit Quad DAC (Asia only), FM radio, Dual-SIM (Asia only), IP68 waterproof rating LG G6 H870DS 64GB Ice Platinum, 5.7", Dual Sim, 4GB RAM, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty LG G6 H870DS 64GB Ice Platinum, 5.7", Dual Sim, 4GB RAM, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty 5.7 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors, Camera: Dual ,13 MP, dual-LED flash; Front Camera: 5 MP, Key features: Square photo, manual mode (photo & video), Chipset: Snapdragon 821 MSM8996AC Quad Core (2.35GHz Dual + 1.6Ghz Dual), CPU ; 64GB ROM, 4GB RAM, OS: Android 7.0 Nougat, Fingerprint (rear-mounted), Fast Charge USB C, 3300 mAh Battery, Google Assistant built in. Buy Now At Amazon $569.99 Hardware Glass and aluminum — that’s all you’re going to find on the G6. The back uses Corning Gorilla Glass 5 while the front only uses Gorilla Glass 3. The sides are a smooth chamfered aluminum that’s relatively similar to the Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Review and Giveaway Google Pixel XL Review and Giveaway Google's first branded device delivers one of the best devices in the Android ecosystem: the $770 Pixel XL. The XL launched with similar specs as the $500 Nexus 6P, but is it worth $770? Read More , especially with the antenna lines across the top, bottom, and sides. It’s certainly a sleek phone, though. It feels extremely sturdy in the hand and the slightly curved edges make it comfortable to hold. There’s a USB Type-C What Is USB Type-C? What Is USB Type-C? Ah, the USB plug. It is as ubiquitous now as it is notorious for never being able to be plugged in right the first time. Read More port along the bottom as well as a single speaker (that really doesn’t quite get loud enough). The volume rocker occupies the left side of the device, but the right side is bare. That’s because LG has once again stuck the power button on the rear of the device, just below the cameras. You can click it to wake the phone or to turn the screen off, and it gives off a very solid clicky feel. But the fingerprint sensor that’s built into it can unlock the device with the lightest touch, meaning you don’t need to click it if you’re using fingerprint authentication to unlock your phone Should You Use a Fingerprint or a PIN to Lock Your Phone? Should You Use a Fingerprint or a PIN to Lock Your Phone? Should you secure your phone with a fingerprint or a PIN? No one is likely to guess your fingerprint, but is it really more secure? Could a PIN be more secure? Read More . Scanning your fingerprint is super quick and easy, as it is on most flagship smartphones nowadays. The placement of the fingerprint scanner is a subjective preference, but I’m not a huge fan. I much prefer the scanner to be on the front, like on the Moto Z Play or iPhone 7. But at least this one’s easy to find without looking thanks to its placement well below the camera. The G6’s biggest competitor, the Samsung Galaxy S8 The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn't Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn't Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The $800 Samsung Galaxy S8 is, without question, the best smartphone ever made. But you probably shouldn't buy one. Read More , has the camera-shaped fingerprint scanner right next to the camera, which can lead to some accidental camera lens touching. The backing on the G6 is shiny and reflective — and easy to smudge. If you buy a G6 and don’t use a case, it’s going to be covered in fingerprints really quickly. The front of the G6 looks a good deal nicer than the back, in my opinion. The slim bezels are amazing, and the screen is gorgeous. It’s a 5.7″ (2880 x 1440) QHD+ FullVision IPS Quantum Display — which basically just means it’s a really nice screen. It’s bright, crisp, and colorful. With an 18:9 aspect ratio, though, the screen is longer than most Android phones that have a 16:9 aspect ratio. That makes it ideal for browsing web pages or social media posts, but it also means that content will sometimes be letter-boxed, which we’ll delve more into in the next section. You might also notice that the corners of the screen are curved instead of having sharp right angles. It makes the phone’s screen really stand out from the crowd and look more futuristic than other devices. And don’t worry, there isn’t any content up in those tiny corners that you’re missing out on. Thankfully, all the major Android phone makers seem to have moved away from physical keys along the bottom of their devices. The G6 solely uses software keys, and those can conveniently be rearranged, added, or removed to suit your needs. There’s just a subtle LG logo at the bottom instead. Camera-wise, the G6 has a really unique setup here. There are two rear-facing cameras, one that’s the main and the other that’s for wide-angle shots. It’s really impressive how much the wide-angle lens can capture. Here’s a photo of an SD card sitting on a chair taken with the regular camera: And here’s that same photo, taken at the same distance, using the wide-angle camera: Obviously, the outer edges are going to get a little warped using the wide-angle, but you can capture an impressive amount of space. There’s only one front-facing camera, but it too has a wide-angle option that is fantastic. The camera interface itself is pretty good. It has a lot more modes and configurations than the stock Android app, which can be good or bad depending on how you use your camera. It has a built-in square mode for Instagram shots and a Pro mode for manually adjusting all your settings. And that’s all there is to the G6’s externals, but what’s going on inside? Software The LG G6 runs Android 7.0 Nougat, but it has a good number of LG-specific tweaks and enhancements. That’s prevalent right from the home screen, where you’ll notice that by default, there’s no app drawer. It’s just like iOS — all your apps are out on your home page. In the settings, LG actually has an option to bring back the app drawer, and it has an option to switch to an easier, more basic layout. Along the bottom, you’ll see that I had five soft keys set: Back, Home, Recents, QSlide, and Capture+. These are completely customizable; you can just use the three basic Back, Home, and Recents keys, or you can throw in a 4th or 5th key. The other options for keys are pulling down the notification shade and switching SIM cards (only for the dual-SIM variant). Holding down the Home key, as usual, launches Google Assistant. QSlide is simply a way of quickly accessing certain apps from anywhere, and Capture+ is a fancy screenshot tool. While regular screenshots capture the navigation bar as well, Capture+ doesn’t. See the phone app screenshots below. The left photo was taken by regular screenshot (pressing the home and volume down buttons simultaneously), and the right photo was taken by tapping on Capture+. If you don’t want your navigation bar appearing in your screenshots, Capture+ is great. Plus it has a bunch of other features as well, like allowing you to draw on your screenshot and crop it before saving. It’s best feature, though, is allowing you to take long screenshots. You can scroll down a webpage, taking one continuous screenshot rather than a bunch of fractured ones. It’s also kind of a necessary app, since pressing the power button on the back and the volume down button at the same time is pretty awkward. Heading into the Settings app, you’ll find all kinds of unique features. LG has built-in call blocking How to Block Unwanted Calls and Texts on Android for Free How to Block Unwanted Calls and Texts on Android for Free Sick of spammy calls and texts on Android? Here's how to take control and block them for free and without rooting your device. Read More , which means you don’t have to worry with a third-party dialer app What Is the Best Contacts & Dialer App for Android? What Is the Best Contacts & Dialer App for Android? You don't have to settle for your phone's built-in contacts and dialer apps. Read More . You can also turn on Ringtone ID to allow the G6 to create custom ringtones for your favorite contacts. For the lock screen, you can add up to five shortcuts, change the screen swipe effect, change the clock position, and turn on weather animations that display when it’s raining or snowing outside. You can even change the font type, font size, and choose to bold all your text — as well as change the display size of everything else including app icons, the status bar, and the navigation bar. That’s a level of customization that would be welcome on stock Android. There’s also a built-in blue light filter Get a Good Night's Sleep by Filtering Your Phone's Blue Light Get a Good Night's Sleep by Filtering Your Phone's Blue Light Your phone's screen is keeping you awake. Don't let it. These apps will help you rest well. Read More with three levels of intensity and a black and white mode. And because the screen of the G6 has that elongated 18:9 aspect ratio, there’s actually an app scaling option for choosing how certain apps display. Above is a game using the 18:9 “full screen” aspect ratio, while below is that same game running on the 16:9 “compatibility” aspect ratio. On the 16:9 image, you can see that there are thick black bars on the left and right sides — this is letterboxing. These save any of your screen from being cut off by the rounded corners, but they also waste precious screen real estate. In the 18:9 image, you can see that some screen elements stretch out to fit the screen (like the bar along the top), but not all of them do (like the shading on the background). Some apps scale a lot better than others. Games for the most part will work best in the 16:9 aspect ratio, but social media apps are generally more scalable and work just fine at 18:9. The per-app adjustment for this is super useful. LG also included a feature called “Always-on display” that does pretty much what it describes — the display is always on. When you turn off the screen, it continues to display the time and your notifications very faintly towards the top of the screen. It doesn’t fade away and come back when you move the phone or get near it (like Motorola’s Moto Display) — it’s just always on. I found that distracting, but it could be useful for some folks, and it doesn’t seem to drain a lot of battery. You can even customize it to use a digital clock, analog clock, or a signature. You’re also able to set certain times for it to be deactivated. But if your device is sitting on a table with its power button against the table, how are you supposed to wake it up? Look no further than the G6’s Knock-on feature. Simply double-tap the screen when it’s off to turn it on. You can also double tap on the status bar at any time to turn the screen off. LG put in some “Smart settings” that work like IFTTT to perform certain actions Tasker and IFTTT: The Perfect Automation Duo For Android Tasker and IFTTT: The Perfect Automation Duo For Android Tasker automates anything you can think of on your Android device and IFTTT automates Web services. Used together, there's nothing you can't do. Read More when you arrive home or plug-in your headphones. And lastly, you can set shortcuts to apps that are activated by double tapping the volume up or volume down button.  LG Apps In addition to software customizations, LG also included a few of their own apps. Some of these replace Google’s options (like Gallery replacing Google Photos), while others are supplementary, like Smart Doctor. Smart Doctor (above, left) is an app for tracking your RAM usage, internal storage, and generally keeping your device healthy Keep Your Android's Battery Healthy With These Tips Keep Your Android's Battery Healthy With These Tips Software and apps can only go so far -- what about how to charge and discharge your battery? Learn all the tricks here. Read More . This could be a handy app for checking up on your device, and thankfully, it’s not too much like a task killer Why RAM Boosters And Task Killers Are Bad For Your Android Why RAM Boosters And Task Killers Are Bad For Your Android At first glance, RAM boosters and task killers sound incredibly useful, but a closer look shows that they could actually be harming your phone instead. Read More . QuickMemo+ (above, middle) allows your to create little notes and ties in conveniently with Capture+. LG Health (above, right) is LG’s version of Google Fit Google Fit Review: Will This App Make You Healthier? Google Fit Review: Will This App Make You Healthier? Google's entry into the smartphone health craze is here: Google Fit. Let's take a look at what makes it unique and how it stacks up against the competition. Read More . There’s also a file manager, an app trash (which holds your deleted apps for 24 hours before deleting them), LG Friends Manager, LG Mobile Switch, LG SmartWorld, LG RemoteCall Service, a custom calendar app, a custom tasks app, and a custom clock app. All in all, the bloat isn’t too bad, but it might be worse if you buy your phone from a wireless carrier instead of unlocked. Performance Powered by the Snapdragon 821 processor, lots of people have derided LG for not including the newer Snapdragon 835 like the Galaxy S8. And that’s fair, the 835 is probably a more futureproof processor, but the 821 is perfectly fluid and stable. With 4GB of RAM, I never ran into any multi-tasking issues or lag. Most variants of the G6 come with 32GB of storage and the option to add storage via a microSD card. However, LG is selling a 64GB version in some Asian markets. Battery Life With a 3,3000 mAh battery, the G6 is slightly ahead of its competition. The Google Pixel has a 2,770 mAh battery, and the Galaxy S8 has a 3,000mAh battery. I found it to be more than enough for a day of medium-heavy usage. I could squeeze over 6 hours of screen on time out of it, which is a win in my book. It won’t be setting any records, but it’s par for its class. It uses the new USB Type-C plug that replaced the older micro-USB What Are the Best Smartphones With Micro-USB in 2017? What Are the Best Smartphones With Micro-USB in 2017? If you're looking to buy an Android phone, you might not have thought about whether it includes a Micro-USB port. The port matters more than you might think. Read More , and it support Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 3.0, which means it can fill up in less than a couple hours. The US version even supports wireless charging. Regional Variants There are a lot of different versions of the G6, and they all have slightly different features. It’s confusing, and I wish LG would just make one phone for all the regions. The LGH870DS, the one we reviewed, is supposed to be the model for Hong Kong, Russia, and Ukraine — but it seems to be available in a lot of other markets as well from various retailers. We ordered this one off Amazon in the US. Thankfully, it has the right bands to function in the US as well, using 4G LTE. This version includes the Hi-Fi 32-bit DAC, which offers improved audio quality through headphones, but it lacks the wireless charging that’s only available through American variants. And this version has dual-SIM support, unlike the American version. It also has 64GB of storage unlike many of the other variants, which have 32GB. Before buying a G6, be sure to look up its exact model number and see which features you will or won’t be getting. Win an LG G6! Take a moment to enter our competition to win our LG G6. LG G6 Giveaway Should You Buy an LG G6? LG G6 H870DS 64GB Ice Platinum, 5.7", Dual Sim, 4GB RAM, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty LG G6 H870DS 64GB Ice Platinum, 5.7", Dual Sim, 4GB RAM, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty 5.7 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors, Camera: Dual ,13 MP, dual-LED flash; Front Camera: 5 MP, Key features: Square photo, manual mode (photo & video), Chipset: Snapdragon 821 MSM8996AC Quad Core (2.35GHz Dual + 1.6Ghz Dual), CPU ; 64GB ROM, 4GB RAM, OS: Android 7.0 Nougat, Fingerprint (rear-mounted), Fast Charge USB C, 3300 mAh Battery, Google Assistant built in. Buy Now At Amazon $569.99 The LG G6 is LG’s most refined smartphone yet. It’s a real competitor to the Galaxy S8 and Google Pixel. The main draws for buying the G6 are the price (slightly cheaper than the Galaxy S8 and Pixel in most markets), the wide-angle cameras, the software tweaks, and the rear-facing power button. If you don’t like the G6’s software or want a traditional power button on the side of the device, look elsewhere. Our verdict of the LG G6: If you’re in the market for a flagship phone, go for it. It’s simple, sleek, fast, and customizable.910 Previous PostHow to Access the Android O Beta Right NowNext PostMagikarp Jump Is a New Mobile Pokemon Game 1 comment Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Shriv May 26, 2017 at 6:15 am Where is the YouTube video review? Link in the article? Can't find it on YouTube Reply Skye Hudson 1 articles Skye is the Assistant Managing Editor and the Android Section Editor for MakeUseOf. She is fond of Android and Windows devices and has been writing about technology in various forms for several years. Advertisement Latest Giveaways BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending 10 Free Operating Systems You Maybe Never Realized Existed Technology Explained Linux 10 Free Operating Systems You Maybe Never Realized Existed Search Excel Spreadsheets Faster: Replace VLOOKUP With INDEX and MATCH Productivity Search Excel Spreadsheets Faster: Replace VLOOKUP With INDEX and MATCH All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Tech News All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Articles l l How to Switch to VoIP and Ditch Your Home Phone Bill Forever What Are the $GetCurrent and $SysReset Folders, and Can You Delete Them? How Long Will Microsoft Support My Version of Windows With Security Updates? Is Now a Good Time to Buy an SSD? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Switch to VoIP and Ditch Your Home Phone Bill Forever By Jason Fitzpatrick on May 25th, 2017 You can enjoy the convenience of a whole-house phone line without shelling out your hard earned money to your local telecommunications provider. Read on as we show you how to ditch the phone bill, keep the land line, and enjoy free local and long distance calling in the process. How VoIP Differs from a Traditional Land Line There are three ways you can pipe phone service into your home: a traditional land line setup through your local phone provider, a cell-phone bridge that extends your cellular plan to your home phone system, and a Voice-over-IP (VoIP) system that uses your Internet connection to bridge your home phone system to a VoIP provider that routes your phone calls back out to the regular telephone grid. But most versions of these plans are expensive: Traditional Land Lines: Traditional land line setups are generally expensive for what you get. Basic packages run around $15 a month and don’t include regional or national long distance calling, or amenities like caller ID. Adding in a modest long distance package and those amenities can easily push the price of a standard land line above $40-50 a month. Traditional phone service includes a host of taxes, regulatory fees, and other charges that can easily add $15 to your bill. All told, a single land line with basic long distance features can easily run you $60+ a month. Cellphones: Bridging your cellphone plan to your home phone system—whether via a special device provided by your cell company or with a home phone that supports Bluetooth linking—is also expensive, as you generally need to purchase a second line on your cell plan and/or potentially add extra minutes with an upgraded plan to cover the home phone usage. For most people, this would add on anywhere from $10-40 on their already pricey cellphone plan. Like traditional land lines, cellphone lines also incur taxes and regulatory fees. In addition the viability of this method is based on cellular reception. Get bad service in your home? Bridging your cellphone to your home phone isn’t going to fix that. Voice-over-IP Systems: VoIP is  the newest method of linking your home phone system to the outside world and varies wildly in terms of service quality and price. Many Internet Service Providers (ISPs) now bundle VoIP calling with their internet package—in fact, AT&T and Verizon are aggressively pushing customers towards VoIP systems—but the price of the add-on phone service is routinely as expensive as a traditional land line ($30-40). Depending on the provider, VoIP services may or may not collect taxes and regulatory fees—generally, if your VoIP service is bundled with your internet and/or cable service provided by a traditional telecommunications company, you will be paying the additional fees just like you would with a land line or cellphone. If you stick with a traditional land line, a cellphone bridge, or a VoIP system provided by your phone company or ISP, phone service will cost you anywhere between $200-600 annually—money we would all certainly be happy to spend on other things. None of that sounds particularly appealing if you’re looking to add some breathing room to your budget. Fortunately, with a small investment up front you can reduce your monthly home phone bill all the way to $0 per month (and mere $1 a month if you want to add in 911 service). All you need is a VoIP adapter and a free Google Voice account. Sound good? You bet it does; let’s get started. What You’ll Need To follow along with our VoIP tutorial, you will the following things: Broadband Internet Access. (Unfortunately, VoIP is prohibitively bandwidth-hungry for dial-up.) One OBi200 ($48), OBi202 ($64), or OBi110 ($70) VoIP Adapter (see our notes below to see which model is best suited for you). A free Google Voice account. A $12/year Anveo account (Optional: required for E911 service). One Ethernet cable. One RJ11 telephone cable. One corded or cordless telephone. Not sure what any of this means? Here’s an explanation. What’s the Difference Between the Obi VoIP Adapters? For the most part, the two newest OBi models—the 200 and the 202—are functionally identical. Both have updated hardware, both support up to 4 VOiP services, and both support the T.38 fax protocol (for IP-to-IP address faxing). The OBi202, however, includes two additional features that may be of use to you. First, the OBi202 supports 2 separate phone lines. If your home is wired for multiple phone lines and you wish to preserve that experience when you switch over to a VoIP system, the OBi202 allows you to hook up 2 lines to ring two separate phone systems in your home. RELATED ARTICLE How to Switch to VoIP and Ditch Your Home Phone Bill Forever https://www.howtogeek.com/75660/the-beginners-guide-to-qos-on-your-router/[/related Additionally, the OBi202 includes VoIP-specific router functionality. If you plug the OBi202 box in between your modem and router, the OBi202 will automatically prioritize all VoIP traffic before any other internet traffic to ensure optimum call quality. This feature is of more limited utility than the dual-phone-line feature, however, as nearly every router supports custom Quality of Service rules to achieve this same end and, honestly, in our personal experience with years of VoIP use, we’ve never had issues with heavy internet use lowering call quality. Finally, both models have a USB port that accepts OBi accessories like the OBiWiFi5 ($25, a Wi-Fi adapter for your OBi unit), the OBiBT ($23, a Bluetooth adapter so you can answer your cellphone using your home phone system), and the OBiLINE ($40, allows your OBi200 or OBi202 to connect to a land line). What’s the benefit of connecting your OBi VoIP unit to a traditional land line? One of the few drawbacks of using a many VoIP services, including Google Voice, is that they do not include traditional emergency number (e.g. 911) support. If retaining traditional access to your local 911 service is critical (or you want to keep a barebones line for use with a security system) then opting for a the OBi200 or OBi202 (with the USB adapter) or the older OBi110 (which includes an extra built in RJ45 jack for this purpose) is necessary. If you’re comfortable using E911 service (which is simply an adaptation of the traditional 911 service for cellular phone and VoIP technology), we will show you how to set that up later in the tutorial, and you don’t need your basic land line. If you haven’t tried to sign up for a basic phone line in awhile, you will likely be shocked by the price—our local phone provider insisted that $35 a month was as low as they could possibly go for a local only, 911-enabled phone line with no extra amenities. Do I Have to Use a Google Voice Account? You do not have to use Google Voice as your VoIP provider. OBi VoIP adapters are not locked to any given service and can be used with multiple services including Anveo, Callcentric, CallWithUs, InPhonex, RingCentral, Sipgate, Vitelity, VoIP.ms, and VoIPo. In addition you can manually configure many other VoIP providers to work with your OBi device. We are using Google Voice because it’s absolutely free for North American to North American calls and features dirt-cheap $0.01 per minute international calling.  Should that change in the future, you can easily change your OBi device to use a more economical VoIP provider. Why Do I Need an Anveo Account? Google Voice does not currently support E911 calls. If you are not retaining a barebones land line for use with emergency calling services, and wish to keep access to 911, you will need to add in secondary VoIP provider with E911 support. All three of the OBi devices listed above support multiple VoIP providers and Anveo offers a $1-per-month plan which is a perfect match for our basic E911 needs. Once we have finished setting up your OBi device with Google Voice, we will show you how to add in E911 support. Where Should I Put the OBi Device? All of the Obi devices need a connection to your router and a connection to the phone network in your home (if you’re using the device with a single phone, you can simply plug the phone into the device directly). Whether you plug the device in right next to your router, into a network jack elsewhere in the house, or on the other side of a network switch on your network, is largely irrelevant. Place the Obi device in the most convenient location that permits you to patch it into your home data network and home telephone network. In our case, the most convenient location was in the basement within easy access of our network router, a phone jack, and a power outlet. Note: You do not have to plug the Obi device into the point-of-entry for the phone line; you can plug it into any phone jack in your home to connect it to your home phone network. Step One: Create a Google Voice Account Before we plug our VoIP data into our OBi device, we need a VoIP provider. Fortunately, signing up for Google Voice is dead simple. First head over to voice.google.com to start the process. If you already have a Google Voice number, you can jump right to step two below. If you wish to keep your Google Voice account separate from your primary Google account (e.g. you’re going to be using the Google Voice + OBi setup for an apartment with multiple roommates and you want the number and account access walled off from your main Google account) we suggest creating a brand new Google account for this project. Otherwise, feel free to log in using your primary account. When you head to voice.google.com for the first time and log in with a Google account, you will be prompted to accept the terms of service and informed that you will need to verify yourself using a US-based phone number: Next you will be prompted to pick your Google Voice number—this will, for all intents and purposes, be your “home phone number” that rings the phones in your house. You can either pick a new Google Voice-supplied phone number, which is free, or port an existing number into Google incurs a one-time fee of $20. If you’re porting your number from your old landline, you’ll probably have to contact your phone provider to make it happen (and it may take a few days). Once you’ve selected your Google Voice number, you will be prompted to enter a forwarding phone number. You only need to use this number for verifying your US residency, so your mobile phone is fine—after that, you’ll be able to delete it and simply use your Google assigned number by going to Settings > Phone in Google Voice. You will receive a phone call from Google Voice at that number; enter the two digit confirmation code when prompted. Once you’ve confirmed your US-based phone number in the previous step, you can then select your new Google Voice number. You can either enter an area, city name, or zip code to search for a local number or enter a word, phrase, or number string (if you want a number with your name in it like 1-555-212-JOHN or the like). After acquiring your Google Voice number (or successfully porting an older number into the system), you will need to make at least one Google Voice call from within the Google Voice web interface to fully activate the service. Any phone number will do, but if you’re looking for a number you can call without bothering anyone, there’s always the old trusty National Institute of Standards and Technology Time-of-Day service line: (303) 499-7111. Step Two: Configure Your OBi Now it’s time to set up your OBi device. First, plug your OBi device into your data network and phone network. Once connected to both, plug in the power transformer to boot up the device. Leave the device to boot up and update its firmware; it’s time to go register it with OBi. Back at your computer, visit the OBi web portal and register for an account. Wait for an email from OBi and confirm your account registration. Log in at the web portal after you have confirmed your account and click on Add Device in the sidebar. Confirm that you have your OBi unit plugged in, as outlined in the image in the next step, then make sure “I want to configure Google Voice on this device.” is checked. Click Next. OBi will prompt you to pick up a telephone handset and dial the registration code they have supplied (e.g. **1 2345). Dial the number. Hang up after the automated response. If you are unable to dial the number you may need to power cycle your OBi device (do not power cycle the device while the LED indicator is blinking orange, as the OBi device is in the middle of updating the firmware). After successfully entering the registration code, you will be prompted to configure your OBi device from the web portal. The OBi number, MAC address, and serial number of the device are pre-populated for you. You will need to name the device (we simply named ours Home to distinguish it from any future OBi devices we might activate at other locations), supply an admin password (for connecting to the OBi device directly over your network), and add a 4 digit PIN for the OBi Auto Attendant (necessary for accessing the more advanced features of the OBi device from outside the local network). Click Save Changes before continuing. The next step is to link your OBi device with Google Voice. Click on the Google Voice Set-Up icon beneath the items you just configured. OBi will warn you that there is no 911 support for Google Voice (we will be setting up E911 support in a moment, so just click Accept). In the Google Voice configuration page, you will want to name your account, ensure that “Make This the Primary Line to Call Out from” is checked as well as “Google Voicemail Notification”. Add in your local area code to make local number dialing more convenient. Finally, plug in your Google Voice username and password. NOTE: If you are using two-factor authentication on your Google account (and we highly recommend you do), you will need to set an application-specific password for your OBi service. To do so visit your Google Accounts dashboard, navigate to Security > Connected Applications and Sites > Manage Access and then scroll to down to the Application-specific Passwords section to create a unique password for OBi. Once you have entered all the information in the Google Voice configuration page within the OBi web portal, click Submit. You will be kicked back to the configuration page for your OBi device. It will take around five minutes for the configuration process between Google Voice and OBi to complete. During this time the status indicator for your Google Voice account will say “Backing Off”, then “Authenticating”, and finally “Connected”. If your status indicator gets stuck at “Backing Off”, double check your password. When you have received the “Connected” status confirmation, it’s time to test out the connection. Pick up the telephone handset connected to the OBi device and dial an outgoing number. You could try out the Time-of-Day number again, (303) 499-7111, or dial a friend and gush about how much money you will be saving by never paying a landline phone bill again. Step Three (Optional): Configure OBi for E911 Service with Anveo Although this step is optional insofar as you don’t need to complete it to get free phone calls all year long, we highly recommend going through this process. While most of us, thankfully, will never need to use 911, adding on E911 service to your VoIP setup is cheap peace of mind. OBi supports multiple VoIP services with integrated E911 calling, but they have made it especially easy to configure Anveo for E911 service. Since Anveo’s ultra-cheap E911-only VoIP add-on plan costs a buck a month, the cheapest we were able to find, we see no reason to go with anyone else. To set up your auxiliary Anveo line, return to the Device Configuration page within the OBi web portal. In the Configure Voice Service Providers (SP) section click on the blue Anveo E911 Sign-Up box.  On the next page select SP2 Service in the drop-down menu and click Next. Select “I want a new Anveo E911 for my OBi”. Enter the CAPTCHA and then fill out the address form (this is not the billing address, but the physical location of the phone). After confirming the address of the phone you will plug in your billing address and set up a password. Next select either basic E911 service for $12 a year or E911 with alerts (SMS, phone calls, email, etc.) for $15. Once you have completed the registration and payment process (including clicking the activation link delivered via email) then the Anveo E911 service will be active and automatically configured on your OBi account. Finally, you can test your E911 service by dialing 933 on any phone connected to your OBi device. The automated process will confirm that you have E911 access, tell you the address registered in the E911 system for the incoming phone number, and confirm that your phone system can supply outgoing audio to a 911 operator. At this point, your home phone network has been fully converted to a free VoIP system complete with long distance, caller ID, voicemail, and all the other amenities your local phone company would love to charge you for. Even better, the system is completely unlocked, and you can easily transition it to a new VoIP provider if in the future Google Voice no longer proves to be the most economical provider around. If you’re still on the fence about the transition, we’ll offer one final nudge. We wrote the original version of this tutorial in 2013, and have continued to use the OBi/Google Voice system ever since, saving ~$3,000 (compared to getting phone server through a local provider) while enjoying stable and uninterrupted service in the process. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Jason Fitzpatrick is a warranty-voiding DIYer who spends his days cracking opening cases and wrestling with code so you don't have to. If it can be modded, optimized, repurposed, or torn apart for fun he's interested (and probably already at the workbench taking it apart). You can follow him on Twitter if you'd like. Published 05/25/17 DID YOU KNOW? Prescription bottles are, most commonly, orange in color in order to inhibit ultraviolet light from reaching the contents and degrading photosensitive compounds in medicines. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK Learn How Stuff Works With the Best How-To Geek Explainers for 2011 18+ Useful Things You Can Do with OK Google How to Use All of Windows 10’s Backup and Recovery Tools How to Use Your Macbook’s Trackpad Gestures Upgrading to an SSD is a Great Idea but Spinning Hard Drives are Still Better for Storing Data (for Now) 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac 7 Ways To Free Up Disk Space on a MacBook 13 Things You Can Do With the Google Settings App on Any Android Device What’s the Best Way to Back Up My Computer? Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 26/05/2017 13:18:34 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   science-it Last update 17:10 | 25/05/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter VN’s doctor consulting app gets Google sponsor package EDoctor, a mobile app developed by a Vietnamese tech startup that connects users with medical professionals, has been selected to receive free mentorship and monetary support from Google. A screenshot of the interface of eDoctor’s website.  The support is part of the Launchpad Accelerator programme, which will kick off on July 17 and is initiated by the US internet giant, aimed at empowering tech startups across the world to reach their true potential. Under the programme, eDoctor, along with other selected startups, will receive a sponsor package worth US$50,000 backed by Google. The startups will have an opportunity to work closely with Google for six months in Viet Nam and participate in an all-expense-paid training for two weeks at Google’s headquarters in the US, with access to Google engineers, resources and mentors. EDoctor is the only Vietnamese startup that was chosen, together with 14 other projects from India, Indonesia, Thailand and the Philippines, as well as Singapore and Malaysia. The app, eDoctor, allows patients to receive medical advice and instructions at home by providing them with a platform to connect with experienced doctors. Users can make health-related inquiries, look up medication and search for the nearest clinics and pharmacies within the comfort of their own home. Apart from typed-in questions, eDoctor also allows users to contact available doctors via phone calls for a better diagnosis of their condition. EDoctor offers medical aid in the most common medicine subspecialties, including obstetrics, gynecology, oncology and urology, as well as cardiology, gastroenterology, pulmonology and endocrinology, along with nutrition, pediatrics and andrology. The app is available for download for iOS and Android users. EDoctor also won sponsor packages from Facebook (FbStart) worth $40,000 in 2016.  VNS VN’s doctor consulting app gets Google sponsor package, IT news, sci-tech news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, Vietnam breaking news, vn news   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on MAP technology helps keep litchi fresh for month Generating electricity with solar panels Three Vietnamese teams get Facebook sponsor package Vietnam considers licensing first made-in-Vietnam spacecraft Cyber-attacks have become a fact of life WannaCry still a threat in Vietnam Local firms learn the importance of cyber security Technological products for the disabled help them live normal lives CMC launches anti-malware software Vietnam introduces IT products at tech in Asia     Top Stories Scientists improve Vietnam’s coffee with enzyme technology Vietnam not prepared for retail market expansion Chinese travelers flock to Vietnam instead of South Korea Vietnamese investors pour money into convenience stores Thermal power plants next to HCM City raise concerns about pollution Scientists use bacteria to speed up growth of ginseng roots Universities struggle to enroll students Luxury scooters the future of Vietnam’s motorbike market Foreign capital flow to Vietnam remains strong Solid, hazardous waste discharged, but little collected Latest News Vietnam Festival 2017 hits Tokyo next month HCM City launches digital traffic app Electric cars to transport tourists around downtown HCM City HCM City market away from home for Cambodians Nha Trang set to host sea festival in June Foreign soloists to take stage Japanese archaeologist’s family donates his library to Vietnam Four children drown in central Vietnam Siemens, FPT cooperate in training digital human resources Fitch rates three Vietnam banks' outlooks as positive     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Phone v10 enables post-call messages for failed calls, prepares for enhanced incoming calls on RCS and voicemail backup [APK Teardown + Download] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/05/23 1:19pm PDTMay 23, 2017 56 Plus 1 on G+ 111 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares221 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 What's New 1.1 Post-call messages 2 Teardown 2.1 RCS Calling 2.2 Voicemail Backup 3 Download With the dust settling after the deluge caused by I/O 2017, it's time to take a closer look at some of the many other things that came with out last week. Some interesting changes came with a brand new version of the Google Phone app included with Android O Developer Preview 2. There's a new prompt suggesting users send a message after a call fails to connect. A deep dive into the apk also turned up signs that Google is working on new RCS calling features and preparing some kind of backup option for voicemail. What's New Unofficial Changelog: (the stuff we found) Post-call messaging Post-call messages Earlier this month, a teardown of of v9 provided a good hint that the Phone app would begin showing suggestions for messages to send after completing a call. With v10, that feature is now live, but not quite as functional as previously expected. Left: snackbar prompt. Right: new message screen. The post-call messaging feature appears as a snackbar prompt asking why you called, to which you can send a message. The prompt only appears after attempting a call that fails without making a connection. To be specific, the prompt won't show up if you hang up, a voicemail service answers, or anything else occurs that would be considered a connection. Basically, if you hear a sound indicating the other end is ringing, any outcome from that point on is probably not going to trigger the prompt. You're most likely to see this prompt in an area where cellular reception isn't good enough to establish a voice call, but you can also force it to show up by trying to make a call while airplane mode is active. Otherwise, it's probably not going to turn up anywhere else. If you opt to send a message, you'll be taken to a screen with a message box and three pre-written messages with different levels of urgency. Tapping a message will put it into the textbox below, but you can continue to make edits before sending. The exact text of the prompt seems to be a mismatch for the current functionality, which left us wondering if this feature is also intended to work in other scenarios like when the call is redirected to voicemail or disconnects within a second of being picked up. Perhaps this is just the first step and other use cases will be handled in the future. In the meantime, this actually might be handy if you're in the middle of nowhere and staring at a single signal bar with no hope of making a call. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. RCS Calling It's no secret that Google is working to add fairly extensive RCS support to both its Phone app and Android Messages. Now it's just a matter of which features are going to be added and when we'll get to use some them. This update to the Phone app gives us a bit more insight into some new rich calling features that we'll soon have at our disposal. A stack of new notification strings reveal that Google's developers are currently working on supporting incoming calls with additional data. At this time, it's clear calls can include a location, photo, message, or any combination of those. One line also mentions "attachments," which may suggest other types of data are supported, but not necessarily known in advance. This would make sense for things like URLs or specially crafted data packets can be handed off between other apps. It's also worth noting that these strings are split up for regular and "important" calls, which lines up with the commonly known feature allowing callers to indicate a degree of urgency. code <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_attachments">Important incoming call with attachments</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_location">Important incoming call with location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_message">Important incoming call with message</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_message_location">Important incoming call with message and location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo">Important incoming call with photo</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_location">Important incoming call with photo and location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message">Important incoming call with photo and message</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message_location">Important incoming call with photo, message and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_attachments">Incoming call with attachments</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_location">Incoming call with location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_message">Incoming call with message</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_message_location">Incoming call with message and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo">Incoming call with photo</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_location">Incoming call with photo and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message">Incoming call with photo and message</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message_location">Incoming call with photo, message and location</string> It's not yet clear if attachments will be shown on the screen with incoming calls, but I think it's a pretty safe bet that they will be. After all, knowing there's a photo with the call isn't nearly as compelling as actually seeing it. This was part of the pitch for the Knock Knock feature when Google introduced the Duo app at last year's I/O keynote. The same certainly can be said about locations and messages, as well. So far, there doesn't appear to be an interface for callers to actually attach this type of data, so it's safe to say development is still ongoing. Seeing as most carriers are still stuck on very rudimentary implementations of RCS and intra-network compatibility is moving at a sloth-like pace, I'm sure Google will have this done long before any of us would get to use it. Voicemail Backup Are you the type of person that never deletes voicemails? This one might be for you. It seems that Google will begin asking users if they want to turn on "extra storage" when their voicemail inbox fills its capacity. This allows Google to "manage and backup your voicemail messages" to free up some space. code <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_almost_full_turn_archive_on_title">Turn on extra storage and backup</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_almost_full_turn_archive_on_message">Your mailbox is almost full. To free up space, turn on extra storage so Google can manage and backup your voicemail messages.</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_full_turn_archive_on_title">Turn on extra storage and backup</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_full_turn_archive_on_message">Your mailbox is full. To free up space, turn on extra storage so Google can manage and backup your voicemail messages.</string> <string name="voicemail_action_turn_archive_on">Turn on</string> <string name="voicemail_action_dimiss">No Thanks</string> At this point, I should say that there are a few different things this could be, and I'm at a loss for which one it is. For starters, this could be a new aspect for Project Fi subscribers and the included voicemail service. If so, it might mean Google intends to prompt people with a lot of saved voicemails to push the older ones into their Drive storage. It's a simple explanation, and might be an attempt to squeeze a few bucks out of people that never delete anything, but hardly seems necessary. Another possibility is that this only relates to the voicemails downloaded and stored on your phone, which means it's just a basic housekeeping feature to keep unnecessary audio files out of your local storage or expand the quota to allow for more. I tend to doubt this is the explanation because the text doesn't really line up with that purpose and it seems like the type of thing that should happen automatically, users shouldn't even need to be prompted. Finally, I'm going to take the opportunity to speculate about something a little crazy. Perhaps this is intended for the voicemail service provided by other carriers. If this is the case, I imagine the phone app might detect your voicemail is nearing capacity and offers to manage backups of it. If the user agrees, Google will connect to that provider's voicemail and proceed to back up all of the messages to Drive for the user, then delete them to free up space. Again, this is massively speculative and feels like a long shot... But it's also the type of weirdly cool feature Google occasionally comes up with. There's not much else to go on with this, but it's entirely possible this feature / warning / error message is already live. It may only show up for users connecting to a specific carrier or with special circumstances that aren't very predictable. I'm not really the right person to test it since I only have three voicemails saved, but perhaps readers with a larger backlog will have something to add to this. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 10.0.153781772 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Phone Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app download downloads google phone google phone app messages phone rcs rcs calling teardown voicemail subscribe ... Previous Story The latest SwiftKey beta adds support for Cantonese and other new typing languages, plus more ... ... Next Story Pinterest adds new features for recipe discovery, filters, and recommendations Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Pedram Haghzaban I posted this here couple days ago, but somebody said this feature has been in the google phone for a while. Carson Saldanha They were mistaken. Artem Russakovskii Which feature specifically? Pedram Haghzaban This post-call messages for failed calls Duder12 Voicemail features will never matter since carriers don't allow them in the US. Prop Dad I use this app for VM. What features don't matter? Richard Riker strange. minsdk is 23, target is 25. Won't install on N (app is not compatible) even when i'm running v9 already. Any dependancy update needed? because no problem with clock from the preview Carson Saldanha Just to confirm, you're trying to sideload it on a Nexus/Pixel device, right? Artem Russakovskii Are you on arm64? Richard Riker uh...totally overseen that. Corey Kinard Is there any way auto post-call spam messages, sent from (detected) spam callers, could be auto blocked and deleted the same way they plan on doing with the verification codes? Rudresh Is this ever coming to non-Nexel devices? Anand Use the patched version from XDA, will work on all droids. https://forum.xda-developers.com/android/apps-games/app-google-dialer-t3557412 Gailjrobinson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sv134c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sv134c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs424MarketFishGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sv134c:....,........ John Unfortunately, many features don't work on the patched version. There are older official versions available for non-Nexus devices at apkmirror. Version 9.something is the latest. We will likely never see an official version. Previous official versions that work on non-Nexus phones were mistakes that were pulled. Samsung and others modify their dialers so that Google Phone doesn't work well unless the stock apps are disabled which may require root. Carlos Rodríguez Midly related, but SMS backups are coming to Nexus devices on O. If you toggle the switch of and on in Settings > System > Backup, a new option for SMS backup appears, just like on the Pixel. Cheers! Lynxy Dear lord, you're right! I'll try to test that the next time I reset the phone while on O. Alex I don't see that option. Nexus 6P in the UK. Latest O version. Carlos Rodríguez In phone settings > system > backup, turn off the switch for backup in Google Drive, then turn it back on. You'll see the SMS backup like on the Pixel. Alex Hmm, that requires deleting what's already backed up. I think I'll skip this until it is rolled out properly. Thanks for the help though. Carlos Rodríguez Yes, deletes the backup, but makes a new one as soon you turn it on. No loss of data actually. Fayas Android O on Nexus 5X. can't see that option to backup SMS. Carlos Rodríguez It only appeared for me when I turned backup off and on. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6e53aa283e8271597b15df245154ecc06126d368853b89fa516c6076dbf49ac2.jpg James Well according to Google's implementation of the omtp visual voicemail standard (https://source.android.com/devices/tech/config/voicemail) it's vvm client "Fetches details of voicemail quota (total mailbox size and occupied size)" from the carrier so it's probably for carriers that have implemented the stock omtp vvm standard like t-mobile. James Briano Tangentially related: Anyone else getting errors with the phone app on Dev Preview 2? App keeps crashing when I have an incoming call. Nexus 6P. Cody Toombs I haven't put the SIM card into my 6P for more than a couple of minutes since the developer previews started going on there, so I can't comment to that exact scenario, but it has been working perfectly on my Pixel running 7.1.2. I've had pretty regular issues with Google apps crashing on DP1 and DP2. It may be a coincidence, but it seems especially bad for any app that uses hardware components like GPS and cellular radio. I'm not complaining since we all should know the deal with bleeding edge releases, but I think the O developer previews have been the buggiest I've used since Google started with KitKat. Andy J "It's not yet clear if attachments will be shown on the screen with incoming calls, but I think it's a pretty safe bet that they will be." Yes - yes it is. All the stuff people are left wondering about is covered in a LOT of depth in the Universal Profile spec - in this particular case, selecting a photo to be shown on the receivers screen when the phone call comes in - is specifically detailed in the spec. It's worth also being aware that as it's also specifically in the spec that the phone book must expose which contacts support Universal Profile - that I'd expect both the contacts app and the dialer app to be opened up to all devices on the Play Store before too much longer - otherwise only Messages supports RCS and people will have phones where they can't actually tell if they can make a video call or send someone a file (or their location) - all they can do is send them a message. mike shwilly Can i just have Swipe to Delete sms feature? Manikandan Guru Working fine on my OP3T. aRvInD Instead of this pretty useless idea, I wish Google places Redial button in same place. Which more people will find relevant and useful... hp-fourtwenty double tap the dial button to redial. tap it once to see the last number dialed. aRvInD No you misunderstood context. I wrote about redial only with call doesn't connect or failed without connecting.. After call disconnects then open dialer - double tap dialer, Simple button there to redial wouldve been great.. F4LL0U7 It's really frustrating that with all of these enhancements, there STILL isn't a way to use your Google Voice number by default instead of your carrier number. You can set the option to place all calls through GV, but if I try to send an SMS follow-up to a rejected call, or send an SMS through Assistant, it still uses the carrier number. James Donut In my country, I'm still waiting for the telecommunications companies to implement RCS Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 128 queries | 0.434s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google app v7.3 beta prepares for podcast subscriptions, data saver for Now Cards, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/05/24 6:31pm PDTMay 24, 2017 33 Plus 1 on G+ 108 Share on Facebook 70 Share on Twitter Total Shares211 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Podcast subscriptions 1.2 Audio Player Notification Channel 1.3 Data Saver for Now Cards 1.4 Google Assistant on Chrome OS (Tease) 1.5 New Icons 1.6 Image attribution? 2 Download Version 7.3 of the Google app began rolling out to users in the beta channel earlier today. There are a few odd little changes to be found poking around in the UI, like a new menu shortcut on many of the Assistant settings screens that leads to the Activity Controls settings, but it's all pretty innocuous. We'll surely see more significant features going live as Google activates them remotely over the coming weeks™. Nevertheless, there are some interesting things to be found during the course of a teardown. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Podcast subscriptions Last year, Google took a (half-hearted) stab at supporting podcasts with the Play Music app. The same day, in a much less expected move, it also became possible to listen to individual episodes right from a Google search. Fast forward several months and Google Assistant also gained the ability to play podcasts, which turned out to be a fairly natural feature for Google Home. While Play Music allows users to subscribe to podcasts, listening to one through Google Search or Assistant meant asking for shows by name, and may also require a specific episode number if you want to hear anything but the most recent recording. Now it looks like Google is going to close that gap with built-in podcast subscriptions. code <string name="podcasts">Podcasts</string> <string name="no_podcasts_found">No podcasts found</string> <string name="delete_favorites">Delete selected podcasts</string> <string name="subscribe">Subscribe</string> <string name="unsubscribe">Unsubscribe</string> <string name="confirm_unsubscribe_title">Unsubscribe from this show?</string> By all appearances, podcast subscriptions will be accessible in Google Assistant settings and will likely be treated much like subscriptions to news sources. The one obvious difference is that Google will track which episodes have been played so you won't miss any or have to listen to repeats. I do want to know if this will use the same subscription list and episode tracking as Play Music, because it would certainly be annoying if the two are independent and can't be kept in sync. However, if this is done right, it will make Google Home a really great appliance for podcast listening. Note: Some previously added strings already related to podcasts, but only in the context of marking them as favorites. The new text shows that a more fully-baked feature is planned. Audio Player Notification Channel The Google app already has a huge number of notification channels, but there is a new one titled "Audio Player" on the way. There can be no doubt that this topic is related to the previous section about podcasts; but I broke it out as a separate topic because it will surely fit other situations, as well. <string name="audio_player_notification_channel">Audio Player</string> Naturally, this channel will be occupied by a player control and should pop up anytime there is audio playing through the Google app. For example, search results can also be used to find and play audio clips from popular music. There's really not much more to say about this, but it's probably good that users will have the option to modify settings for these notifications. Data Saver for Now Cards If you've been following along for a while, it's probably pretty obvious Google has been tweaking many of its apps to be more responsible about data usage, especially in countries known to have slow throughput and low data caps. If this applies to you, then there's a setting that you might want to keep an eye out for. Google is adding a Data Saver mode for the Now Cards. code <string name="turn_on_feed_datasaver">Data saver</string> <string name="feed_datasaver_details">When data saver is on, your feed won’t get the latest content.</string> <string name="feed_datasaver_preference">feedDataSaverPreference</string> from: /xml/now_cards_settings.xml <com.google.android.apps.gsa.search.core.preferences.CustomSwitchPreference android:key="@string/feed_datasaver_preference" android:defaultValue="false" /> This differs from the Lite Mode that Google began working on and testing last year. That setting was intended to optimize the data passing between the server and user so that it would consume less while delivering the same (or similar) quality of content. The Data Saver feature discussed here is focused on preventing Google from updating the Now Cards in the background. If you don't even look at Google Now cards, or maybe don't care about seeing them updated unless they are manually refreshed, this is definitely a feature you'll want to look for. Google may have already made it available in certain regions, but it's not yet showing up for me, so I suggest taking a look in the Google settings under the Your Feed section. If it's enabled for your device, the Data Saver option should be at the very top of the list. Google Assistant on Chrome OS (Tease) During an interview with The Telegraph in mid-December, Hiroshi Lockheimer made a pretty clear statement that Google Assistant was destined to arrive on Chrome OS at some point in the future. That was about six months ago and it seems nobody has seen it happen in any official capacity yet. However, a couple of new strings in the Google app actually do appear to suggest this plan hasn't been abandoned. <string name="chrome_os_opa_value_proposition_cancel">No Thanks</string> <string name="chrome_os_opa_value_proposition_continue">Continue</string> Only the string names matter in this situation. The text will just be used to label a pair of buttons. The bit about "chrome os" is pretty clear, and the "opa" segment is a standard shorthand for Google Assistant. As for the "value proposition" bit, I assume these buttons will be used on an ad that either encourages users to set up Assistant when it becomes available, or may even suggest buying a Chromebook. For now, it's hard to tell since the content of the message isn't included at this time. It may be pushed to users remotely when it's time to run the message. While this gives no clues about a release date or any new features, at least it's a paltry sign of hope for Chrome OS users that have become frustrated with waiting for Assistant to make its grand debut on laptops. New Icons I usually skip over new icons since most of them are redundant or don't really relate to anything too special. However, there are three that might be worth a quick mention. The first belongs to the recently announced Google Lens. It matches the icon shown during the I/O keynote and the filename confirms it. While the icon is there, it doesn't show up anywhere in the live interface, which isn't too surprising since Lens hasn't actually launched yet. No doubt it will appear in the Google Assistant at some point, probably in the same horizontal row with the new keyboard icon for text input. The next icon is the always familiar RSS logo. I don't want to venture too many guesses about any features it might lead to, but it would make sense if the Google app is going to become a little more friendly towards subscribing to content providers instead of providing just randomly chosen articles. Last but not least, we have the water symbol from The Fifth Element. It actually represents "waves" in this case. It might have to do with coastal conditions, recreational spots, or surfing reports. Okay, I admit it, I only included this one so I could squeeze in that a movie reference. Image attribution? Finally, we've come to a mystery topic. The resources for the latest update include a brand new menu named attribution_popup_menu.xml with just one command called "view image source." code <string name="view_image_source">View image source</string> from /menu/attribution_popup_menu.xml <menu xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <item android:visible="true" android:title="@string/view_image_source" /> </menu> As a person that writes a lot of original content and edits a lot of images, my first instinct was that this might be related to a tool that would help people identify the origin of many images on the Internet. After many attempts to test that theory, I'm not so confident about it. My second thought is that this menu is related to the Google Attribution announcement made just yesterday. The timing and name certainly go together, but it's hard to come up with a reason why somebody would need to view the source of an image in that context. I don't have too many other thoughts on this one, but speculation in the comments is welcome. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 7.3.16 beta APK Mirror Download QR-Code Google Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app assistant attribution audio chrome os data saver download downloads google assistant notification channels now cards podcasts subscriptions teardown subscribe ... Previous Story Here are a few ways machine learning has improved Gboard ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: The proximity sensor can turn off ambient display Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Lawrence Anyone having issues installing this on Android O DP2? James Amend Yes. I have. I wasn't able to update the Google App via the Play Store or via APK. The only way I was able to get it to install/update was to revert back to Nougat, update it, and then return to O. I haven't had any issues since. It seems like the app never got stuck on the version from 7.1.2 and that broke something (I didn't have the updated launcher either after updating to O). mondeca Google's lame implementation of podcasts is really disappointing. I love my PocketCasts, but I was hoping for a quality effort from Google to spur competition. Carson Saldanha App shortcuts too! Cody Toombs They're not actually new. They were there in earlier versions, but a bug in one or two of the previous builds prevented them from showing up for a while. Carson Saldanha Ah, thanks for the clarification. I had seen it on 9to5Google earlier today and I guess they were mistaken. 👌 Kawshik Ahmed It's coming on Chrome OS but not on Pixel C or any other Android tablets -_- Cody Toombs I have a feeling that thing about tablets not getting Assistant will prove to be a relatively short-lived thing. It was a Pixel Phone exclusive for a long while, then went to phones (many of which are still waiting for it, I'm told), and then the SDK for other devices came out. I've got a feeling they'll start (or at least announced) a rollout to tablets in a few months, probably right around October. Andy J Yeah it drives me up the wall when they keep saying "Your assistant available everywhere" and I'm like - well..... no.... it's not is it. I mean right now I have an LGG4 in the UK - I'm still waiting for it to arrive. I have a Google Home - so right now my assistant is available in exactly one place (it's technically also on my G Watch R - but AW2 is next to useless so it doesn't count) Joseph Walker Full time mommy Kelly Richards from New York after quitting from her regular job managed to earn from 26000$ to 28000$ a month from freelancing inside the house... This is the way she working it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Denholm Willmer Shouldn't the Data Saver that's integrated into Nougat work for Now cards as well? Instead of having an individual Data Saver option for everything perhaps it should be done on a system level and made customizable boop Nougat is on 7% of devices. The Google app is on nearly 100% of devices. Denholm Willmer I can see where you're coming from, but if you're going to have a Data Saver option in Nougat, you might as well make it function the way it says, because I think that's what a user would expect. If not, it should be able to be customized to their liking. Douglas J Hunley I agree. If you're on N or higher and have Data Saver enabled in the OS, then all these apps that have their own toggle should be toggled to on as well. Then you could turn them off individually as desired. If I enable data saver at the OS level it's pretty obvious that I want to globally save data... I shouldn't have to turn on the option in Chrome, in Now, in X, in Y, etc etc boop I wonder what the activation method for Assistant will be? Long press of the search/app button? Keyboard shortcut? Or will we just have to open the app? Vantius Long press the home button, like it already is. Umesh Chamara at least they should have expand their google now support to few more counties. Jason Berek-Lewis Still no podcasts in Google Play Music in Australia, so I wonder if this feature will work... Jordan L My Google Now weather card for "home" is showing the wrong town. It's been like this for weeks. Home is set correctly. Any ideas? (Probably clear data and cache) ChicagoPete Mine has been doing the same. I'd be interested if anyone has had success resetting this. Andy J Did the version you did the teardown on also feature the Notification Listener in the manifest that the XDA teardown spotted? And if so - do you have any theories? Matt I have long time Visual Search (Lens) and now new layout Google Now too. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5767e7e7a9b9420b954d71894ac9d99abd618656ef76a7d82d26507fc82388e6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/574b2a692daa5233f5074e3717c082c87e9f9d63409bba6ecc8c229b6d8a6aae.png Cynthiajchester Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sb192c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sb192c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs482ShopFinanceGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sb192c:....,....... Drunk Squirrel What the actual fuck Scott Scrivens Matt, have you done anything to make Google Now look like that, or is that just how it's looking for you? We'd be grateful if you could send some more screenshots to [email protected] as we've not seen that before! saltyzip What happened to podcasts coming to the UK through Google music app? Alexey Super excited about podcasts thing! I published Google beta on my https://www.testingcatalog.com/project/100 a while ago and now it is one of the TOP rated apps in the beta list. I will include this Teardown into my newsletter, wanna have more of those articles! Follow Android Police 1.49M 470k 144k 116k Latest Deals 2 [Deal Alert] Score an Asus ZenFone Zoom with a free ZenPower 10,500mAh portable battery for $180 from B&H ($170 off) 2017/05/25 8:14pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 2 [UK Deal Alert] Grab a Moto Z for just £299 (£200 off) from John Lewis 2017/05/25 8:36am PDTMay 25, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Black Huawei Watch with black stainless steel band is down to $199.99 open box on B&H / $219.99 new on Amazon and Best Buy ($180+ off) 2017/05/25 6:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) 2017/05/25 5:45am PDTMay 25, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 72 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 284 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 93 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 316 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 Latest Roundups 12 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 11 27 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (5/3/17 - 5/9/17) 2017/05/09 7:12pm PDTMay 9, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 13 Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 7 [Hands-on] Pokémon: Magikarp Jump, a solid spin-off that revolves around an often forgotten about Pokémon 2017/05/25 2:44pm PDTMay 25, 2017 4 Lyft introduces new Lyft Lux and Lyft Lux SUV black car service 2017/05/25 1:50pm PDTMay 25, 2017 0 Daydream and Daydream Keyboard updated to v1.6 with new languages, better punctuation layout, and more 2017/05/25 1:19pm PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 Blast from the Past 106 1 Year Ago Today New Images Of Upcoming Motorola Droid Phone And MotoMod Accessories Leak 2016/05/25 8:30pm PDTMay 25, 2016 212 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google Taking Renewed Focus On Battery And RAM In Android M, Dev Preview Expected Again This Year 2015/05/25 3:23pm PDTMay 25, 2015 56 3 Years Ago Today The YouTube Music Service May Be Stalling Because Of Contract Disputes Between Google And Indie Music Labels 2014/05/25 3:22pm PDTMay 25, 2014 76 4 Years Ago Today BSkyB's Sky Apps, Twitter Account Hacked By Syrian Electronic Army [Updated] 2013/05/25 6:53pm PDTMay 25, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today ViewSonic Set To Debut A 22-Inch ICS-Powered "Tablet" At Computex This June 2012/05/25 6:45pm PDTMay 25, 2012 5 6 Years Ago Today First Video Preview Of Minecraft For Android Surfaces Online, Fans Salivate In Anticipation 2011/05/25 11:17pm PDTMay 25, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Where You At: Boost Mobile To Get Its First Android Handset 2010/05/25 5:16pm PDTMay 25, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 14 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 19 Major security vulnerability found in VLC, Kodi, and other media players, Kodi for Android already patched 2017/05/25 11:24am PDTMay 25, 2017 43 T-Mobile's DIGITS number sharing service rolls out on May 31st 2017/05/25 11:09am PDTMay 25, 2017 21 ZeroLemon releases its massive battery cases for the Pixel, Pixel XL, OnePlus 3/3T, and Moto Z 2017/05/25 3:42am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 7 Days 46 Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 265 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 56 Google's Dave Burke: The first rule of Fuchsia is you don't talk about Fuchsia 2017/05/19 11:32am PDTMay 19, 2017 97 Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O 2017/05/19 10:42am PDTMay 19, 2017 71 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 84 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 126 queries | 0.482s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL AFLW Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Eating Out Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Classifieds Tributes Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy > Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy Options > Under the Hood > Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Also In News... Rescue bid Can billionaire Sir Philip Green save Topshop/Topman in Australia? Pen power An old art enjoying a resurgence ‘Our pain’ Murdered mum Simone Quinlan’s family share heartache in Supreme Court True story ‘Awkward blind date’ created one of Australia’s greatest comedy bromances Restaurant review Reserve your spot at East Malvern wine bar Junior hero Teen catches burglar in home invasion in Melbourne Urban diner Where to eat at Pacific Werribee Hitting the road Aussies snub overseas holidays amid terror warnings, take to caravanning instead Serious injuries Teen lying on Princes Highway hit by car at Narre Warren MCG exercise Hundreds to take part in major emergency response exercise at MCG Baboon bub Melbourne Zoo welcomes first baby boy baboon Family affair 50 years later and it’s still game on for this band of brothers Permit restrictions Family business determined to rein in the neigh-sayers Fat fight Olympian Jane Flemming in push to make kids stand in class CFA dispute James Merlino fails to release secret firefighters letter Sponsored Links Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Odds.com.au Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2017 Copyright
Technology | Economy | Startups | Personal Finance | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Business Technology Personal Finance Startups Internet Culture Media Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Subscribe to Newsletters Google’s Human Take on Taming Malicious Websites Do not cross By Brady Dale • 05/25/17 7:19am Do not cross. Pixabay Humans are the big vulnerability for organizations of any kind. We imagine hackers like they are in movies, people who go to war with a keyboard and modem, finding their way through the hidden code of websites. These days, though, hackers get in through the digital front door, by tricking people into handing over credentials. “Phishing is how a lot of these compromises happen,” Allison Miller says on The Deception Chronicles podcast.  Phishing is the practice of enticing web uses to visit a fake website and enter in sensitive information by sending an enticing email or text message. Miller works on the Safe Browsing team at Google, a part of the company that uses machine learning to scan the web for sites that want to take advantage of people online. Bad guys trick people by making sites that look legitimate so that people will attempt to log-in. That trickery is one form that “social engineering” takes in hacker circles. Among the places she worked before Google, she fought financial fraud at Paypal. In finance, there’s a long history at looking at finding numbers on spreadsheets that looks like fraud (fun fact: on any set of data, if 30 percent of all the numbers don’t begin with the numeral “1,” the data set has probably been doctored). “Understanding that number driven approach to detection was really interesting to me,” she said. Now Google uses machine learning to find malicious behavior across the internet. The team she’s on runs code that spots 50,000 scam sites per week, and then it feeds those bad addresses out to every Google product that might possibly be used to bounce people out to a bad site. For Chrome users, their work will be most familiar as that page that pops up saying that you may be approaching a dangerous site, and prominently offers that “Return to safety” link at the bottom. (Those of us who use the web constantly may have also had moments when Google’s had a false positive but won’t let us past anyway.) So her team works to model the latest scams and then go look for more. “I take fraud against my users, my customers, I take it personally,” she said. “In that way I feel a very competitive relationship with the bad guys, if you will.” But the scams keep changing. “I still feel the way I felt earlier in my career, that we are making things up as we go along,” Miller confessed, “but I hope we are getting better.” SEE ALSO: Nat Geo’s Next Ep of ‘Breakthrough’ Proves We Can’t Afford to Trust Each Other Business & Technology Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Events Membership Newsletter Reports Services Download: PSFK NYC Retail Guide Loading... menu Explore by Retail Retail> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Advertising Advertising> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Design Design> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All consulting Events Membership Reports Get our Newsletter About Google A Restaurant Just By Pointing Your Phone Camera At It Design & Architecture Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Google Lens is the company's latest feature, which incorporates photo-recognition to help people get their information faster than ever Sara Roncero-Menendez 25 may 2017 Have you ever been hunting for a place to eat, and wondering if that one spot is actually as good as it looks? Google is looking to help you figure it out faster by allowing you to learn more about potentially grub spots with just your camera. Google Lens is a new service that essentially uses your camera as a search box when you point it at restaurants. Announced by CEO Sundar Pichai at Google’s annual I/O developer conference, this photo-recognition feature will help users get their information faster than ever, and will include ratings and other information as soon as it recognizes it. According to a version shown on their Twitter, the results come up nearly instantly but it might not be quite so fast everywhere, especially places with poor connectivity, and it’ll be interesting to see how fast new places are input into the system. There’s no news as to when the app will be released to the public. +Camera Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Google Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +google lens Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +I/O developer conference Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +phone camera Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +photo recognition Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +restaurant Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +retail Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +technology Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +travel Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending 6 Innovative Retailers Who Are Reviving NYC's Financial District Matt Vitone Posted May 25, 2017 Cities Asia Yesterday Why Seoul's Garden Bridge Is A Success In Urban Planning Food Yesterday Sustainable Indoor Farm Aims To Grow The Most Delicious Produce Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: The NYC Retail Guide Design & Architecture Yesterday Wi-Fi Beehive Monitoring Keeps Beekeepers Informed Sustainability Yesterday Wi-Fi Beehive Monitoring Keeps Beekeepers Informed Analysis & Newsletters Get Our Newsletter: Non-members can sign up for a free dose of daily and weekly insights. Related Expert Manoush Zomorodi Media Production, Digital Detox Advertising Yesterday Google Is Trying To Bridge The Language Gap For Travelers Technology Yesterday Google Is Trying To Bridge The Language Gap For Travelers Fashion Yesterday Rolls-Royce Tuxedo Collection Is Inspired By The Luxury Vehicles Guides DOWNLOAD: PSFK NYC Retail Guide - Exploring Innovation Within A Global Retail Hub PSFK Op-Ed may 23, 2017 Anthropologist & Design Researcher: The Societal Effect Of Aging In Japan And China PSFK Labs may 16, 2017 Transgender Rights Activist: Innovating The Gender Binary Europe Yesterday French Supermarket Uses Snapchat To Prove How Fresh Their Fish Is Travel Yesterday Delta Is Introducing Biometric Self-Service Bag Drops For Faster Check-In PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Membership Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Brand Development Yesterday Uncommon Sense Visionary: Is Your Brand Getting VUC'd? Fitness & Sport Yesterday Find The Perfect Workout Partner In Your Local Area Videos Framing The Future…Live: Membership includes full access to our video archive of thought-leaders. Design & Architecture Yesterday Sound-Dampening Earbuds Let You Control Real World Audio Like A Volume Button Debriefs DOWNLOAD: The Food Debrief - Cognitive retail for anytime, anywhere convenience Food Yesterday Apple's Patent For A Circular Pizza Box Prevents Soggy Crust Health Yesterday Research Shows How Fitness Trackers Need To Get Smarter To Track Calories Events & Webinars Join Fellow Change-Makers: Meet other like-minded members at our inspiration sessions every month. Health Yesterday Palm-Sized Device Reads Your Skin's Hydration Levels Home Yesterday Equipping Connected Homes With A Smarter Brain Arts & Culture Yesterday UK Turns To Snapchat To Boost Young Voter Turnout In Special Election No search results found. daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts pdf download Shared 10 20 posts pdf download 7 Purposeful Takeaways From PSFK 2017 Advertising Statistics [News] Social Native raises $8 million for user-created advertisements [Quote] Farfetch North America president Jeff Fowler: ‘The store of the future will never be finished’ [Insight] Web-Retail Startups Turn for Growth to Bricks and Mortar [News] San Francisco is considering legislation that would ban sidewalk delivery robots [News] Scientists 3-D Print Mouse Ovaries That Actually Make Babies [News] Parsons Designs Clothes for People of All Abilities [News] NBCUniversal spent around $230 million to buy the video tutorial site Craftsy [Opinion] Staying in Is the New Going Out [Insight] How Privacy Became a Commodity for the Rich and Powerful [News] Google is using AI in messaging [News] Voice-assisted platform debuts with the ability to let consumers communicate with brands at home [Opinion] Robots Aren’t Destroying Enough Jobs [News] Colleges are starting varsity programs for video games [Insight] Senseless Government Rules Could Cripple the Robo-Car Revolution [News] Nike Names Design Contest Winner To Reinvent Sneakers For All Abilities [Insight] Why Cash Is King No More [News] Jet Links With Story for Fresh Food Concept [News] Gillette one ups Dollar Shave Club with on-demand razor ordering service where you text to order [News] Alipay and WeChat Pay Make Push Into North America [Insight] Staples Revamps Marketing To Focus On Delivery [Insight] Regulating the internet giants: The world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data [Insight] L’Oréal beauty bot learns your style to make gift giving easier [Insight] BuzzFeed Thinks Marketers Will Find More Success With Psychographics Than Demographics [News] ‘Napercise’ Is The New Workout Of Your Dreams [News] Finnish brewery made packs of 1,000 beers and people are actually buying them [Insight] Consumers understand smart homes and cars, but don’t want to pay for them yet [News] Target to Test Next-Day Delivery Service [News] Wal-Mart files patent for Amazon Dash rival [News] Mondelez’s Latest Bid to Spark Cookie Sales: Firework Oreos [News] Twitter Teams Up With Bloomberg for Streaming News Sign Up Newsletter Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Custom Research Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions + get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business
Events Membership Newsletter Reports Services Download: PSFK NYC Retail Guide Loading... menu Explore by Retail Retail> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Advertising Advertising> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Design Design> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All consulting Events Membership Reports Get our Newsletter About Touch-Controlled Smart Denim Is Coming To A Store Near You Fashion Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Project Jacquard, a collaboration between Google and Levi's, is working on ways to make wearables more fashionable and usable Ido Lechner, Home Editor 24 may 2017 Wearables are no longer just small computers around your wrist—as the technology advances, the term will apply to subtler, more fashionable forms than what is currently available on the market. Project Jacquard, a two-year-old collaboration between jeans giant Levi Strauss & Co. and Google, is striving for just that. Project Jacquard was on display recently at Première Vision Paris, an international fashion fair featuring up and coming innovations in the wearable space. The show explored concept designs for waterproof jackets equipped with sunscreen bands and phone chargers, jeans that keep your internal body temperature stable, out-of-gym motion tracking and moisture-wicking clothing and, of course, the future-forward fabric known as ‘smart denim.’ Crafted in such a way that its functionality remains invisible, Project Jacquard’s brainchild comprises of denim—for now, in the form of a jacket—with touch-screen control capabilities and stitched-in Bluetooth sensors that connect to your phone. French company Spinali Design also showed off its line of smart denim at Première Vision Paris, which offers GPS functionality—an especially handy feature for bikers on the move. Simply select your destination, slip your phone into your pocket and your pants will do the guiding by vibrating to signify left or right, respectively, when its time to make a turn. With smart denim, as with any new technology, there are concerns that require further exploration. As Marion Foret, the fashion products chief for Première Vision Paris, noted, “The consumer demands greater traceability and ecology, especially when it comes to denim because it is a product that is a bit controversial… that doesn’t always carry the best reputation, so textile makers are forced to use more ecological processes.” Moreover, production practices for tech-embedded clothing have yet to adopt a manufacturing process that ensures the dyes, materials, fit and technology remain up to par in quality and longevity. The need for eco-friendliness further complicates the experimental process, but we will certainly be better off in the long run for it. Be sure to keep an eye out for smart clothing items as they begin to pop up in stores across the globe. The Project Jacquard denim jacket from Levi’s is due for release this year. Project Jacquard | Spinali Design Lead image: Project Jacquard +denim Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Fashion Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Google Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +GPS Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Levi Strauss Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +levi’s Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +premiere vision paris Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Project Jacquard Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +retail Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +smart fabrics Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Spinali Design Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +technology Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +wearables Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending 6 Innovative Retailers Who Are Reviving NYC's Financial District Matt Vitone Posted May 24, 2017 Cities Asia Yesterday Why Seoul's Garden Bridge Is A Success In Urban Planning Food Yesterday Sustainable Indoor Farm Aims To Grow The Most Delicious Produce Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: The NYC Retail Guide Design & Architecture Yesterday Wi-Fi Beehive Monitoring Keeps Beekeepers Informed Sustainability Yesterday Wi-Fi Beehive Monitoring Keeps Beekeepers Informed Analysis & Newsletters Get Our Newsletter: Non-members can sign up for a free dose of daily and weekly insights. Related Expert Jonas Nwuke Cognitive Computing Advertising Yesterday Google Is Trying To Bridge The Language Gap For Travelers Technology Yesterday Google Is Trying To Bridge The Language Gap For Travelers Fashion Yesterday Rolls-Royce Tuxedo Collection Is Inspired By The Luxury Vehicles Guides DOWNLOAD: PSFK NYC Retail Guide - Exploring Innovation Within A Global Retail Hub PSFK Op-Ed may 23, 2017 Anthropologist & Design Researcher: The Societal Effect Of Aging In Japan And China PSFK Labs may 16, 2017 Transgender Rights Activist: Innovating The Gender Binary Europe Yesterday French Supermarket Uses Snapchat To Prove How Fresh Their Fish Is Travel Yesterday Delta Is Introducing Biometric Self-Service Bag Drops For Faster Check-In PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Membership Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Brand Development Yesterday Uncommon Sense Visionary: Is Your Brand Getting VUC'd? Fitness & Sport Yesterday Find The Perfect Workout Partner In Your Local Area Videos Framing The Future…Live: Membership includes full access to our video archive of thought-leaders. Design & Architecture Yesterday Sound-Dampening Earbuds Let You Control Real World Audio Like A Volume Button Debriefs DOWNLOAD: The Food Debrief - Cognitive retail for anytime, anywhere convenience Food Yesterday Apple's Patent For A Circular Pizza Box Prevents Soggy Crust Health Yesterday Research Shows How Fitness Trackers Need To Get Smarter To Track Calories Events & Webinars Join Fellow Change-Makers: Meet other like-minded members at our inspiration sessions every month. Health Yesterday Palm-Sized Device Reads Your Skin's Hydration Levels Home Yesterday Equipping Connected Homes With A Smarter Brain Arts & Culture Yesterday UK Turns To Snapchat To Boost Young Voter Turnout In Special Election No search results found. daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts pdf download Shared 10 20 posts pdf download 7 Purposeful Takeaways From PSFK 2017 Advertising Statistics [News] Social Native raises $8 million for user-created advertisements [Quote] Farfetch North America president Jeff Fowler: ‘The store of the future will never be finished’ [Insight] Web-Retail Startups Turn for Growth to Bricks and Mortar [News] San Francisco is considering legislation that would ban sidewalk delivery robots [News] Scientists 3-D Print Mouse Ovaries That Actually Make Babies [News] Parsons Designs Clothes for People of All Abilities [News] NBCUniversal spent around $230 million to buy the video tutorial site Craftsy [Opinion] Staying in Is the New Going Out [Insight] How Privacy Became a Commodity for the Rich and Powerful [News] Google is using AI in messaging [News] Voice-assisted platform debuts with the ability to let consumers communicate with brands at home [Opinion] Robots Aren’t Destroying Enough Jobs [News] Colleges are starting varsity programs for video games [Insight] Senseless Government Rules Could Cripple the Robo-Car Revolution [News] Nike Names Design Contest Winner To Reinvent Sneakers For All Abilities [Insight] Why Cash Is King No More [News] Jet Links With Story for Fresh Food Concept [News] Gillette one ups Dollar Shave Club with on-demand razor ordering service where you text to order [News] Alipay and WeChat Pay Make Push Into North America [Insight] Staples Revamps Marketing To Focus On Delivery [Insight] Regulating the internet giants: The world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data [Insight] L’Oréal beauty bot learns your style to make gift giving easier [Insight] BuzzFeed Thinks Marketers Will Find More Success With Psychographics Than Demographics [News] ‘Napercise’ Is The New Workout Of Your Dreams [News] Finnish brewery made packs of 1,000 beers and people are actually buying them [Insight] Consumers understand smart homes and cars, but don’t want to pay for them yet [News] Target to Test Next-Day Delivery Service [News] Wal-Mart files patent for Amazon Dash rival [News] Mondelez’s Latest Bid to Spark Cookie Sales: Firework Oreos [News] Twitter Teams Up With Bloomberg for Streaming News Sign Up Newsletter Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Custom Research Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions + get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Alphabet Expected to Lead Innovation Across Affective Computing, Annual Growth at 34.7% Projecting Forward $53.98 Billion by 2021 – Review of Prime Factors of Influence: Emerging Trends Behind Revenue Expectations SINGAPORE / ACCESSWIRE / May 25, 2017 / In an independent research report released early this morning, Capital Review released its latest findings and analysis on Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG), including updated analyst target prices, detailed fundamental discussion, financial review and analysis, consensus estimates, share supply assessment, and this year’s upcoming fiscal period upside projections. Complimentary Access: GOOG RESEARCH REPORT Full copy of the recently published report is available to readers at the link below. GOOG DOWNLOAD: http://www.capital-review.com/register/?so=GOOG (You may have to copy and paste the link into your browser and hit the [ENTER] key) The new research report from Capital Review, available for free download at the link above, examines Alphabet on a fundamental level and outlines the overall demand for their products and services in addition to an in-depth review of the business strategy, management discussion, and overall direction going forward. Several excerpts from the recently released report are available to today’s readers below. According to new research obtained by Capital Review, the global affective computing market will exhibit a compounded annual growth rate of 34.7% from 2016 through 2021. This latest projection would result in a total market size of $53.98 billion by 2021 and could signal significant shifts ahead for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG). Affective computing, perhaps more accurately described as the process of ‚teaching computers to be human’, is all about creating technology that can observe, understand, think, and act with simulated human emotion. The industry involves expertise from many fields including computer science, psychology, and cognitive science. The affective computing industry is responsible for some of the most cutting edge technology available today, including facial recognition and early detection of psychological disorders. Substantial new levels of efficiency can be recognized by careful and correct implementation of the technologies sets within affective computing, creating significant new value and new opportunity for companies positioned to participate in the emerging $53.98 billion industry. Behind the scenes of the affective computing industry is the actual hardware which allows AI, touch screens, and virtual reality to be possible. Moore’s Law, which observes the rate of technological advancements as a whole, was first observed by Gordon Moore, co-founder of Intel. The observation was that transistors in a dense integrated circuit would double roughly every two years, a prediction that proved accurate for many decades. Another of Intel’s executives, David House, had predicted chip performance would increase even faster due to the combination of not just more transistors on each circuit, but also the design of the transistors themselves being faster as well. By his estimate, chip performance would increase every 18 months. Moore’s Law and Mr. House’s contribution plays a large part in the affective computing industry, being able to accurately predict a time frame on when certain technologies may be possible. This prediction model provides an accurate guideline for the planning, preparation, and final integration of new technologies into both existing systems and upcoming product launches. Google, Alphabet’s largest business, prides itself on being unconventional. With ever-continuing growth in technological evolution, Google continues to look towards the future. The belief is, companies that remain comfortable are the ones that seem to become irrelevant on a long enough time horizon. These companies slowly begin to lose market share over time due to a misguided strategy of only working on minor tweaks and bug fixes, staying away from any risk that may rock the boat even slightly. Unfortunately, in the sea of the competitive markets, sometimes you are going to encounter competitive winds and the waves of change. A lack of innovation in the technology space is akin to a ship’s captain focused on preventing sway with the waves instead of steering clear of the iceberg ahead. The philosophy of Google and other great innovators is that real progress happens when and where there is risk. Google’s acquisition of YouTube and Android, as well as the creation of Google Chrome were bold, but necessary moves. These acquisitions, under visionary management, grew into mature platforms that resulted in the successful defense of Google’s dominate market position in search. Google’s focus on machine learning over the past decade has allowed the company’s products to become faster, smarter, and more reliable. Voice integration, web page translation, recommendations, and pattern recognition is the result of years of dedicated research in artificial intelligence. As research continues and technologies further develop, Google has had the ability to recognize facial patterns, suggest names or search for certain people on Google Photos, blur out faces on Google Street View, or determine certain characteristics of the face that suggests one is wearing a beard, glasses, or other accessories. This artificial intelligence technology goes well beyond facial recognition however, and is now expanding into self-driving cars with precise localization, path planning, and obstacle detection. As a result, Google is positioning itself as a leader within the emerging affective computing industry. In addition, Capital Review obtained a research report on the affective computing industry published by Markets and Markets, which outlined that human and machine interaction technologies are some major factors contributing to the growth of the affective computing market. The demand for the newest and latest hardware technologies are ever increasing as these new technologies are including enhanced facial feature extraction software, greatly improved touch displays, and refined, improved microphones and speakers. It was estimated North America would hold the largest market share in affective computing in 2016 with some notable enterprises establishing powerful affective computing technologies and technological advancements. The Asian-Pacific region (APAC) is to show some potentially significant growth over the coming years with the rise of technological adoption, potentially transcending beyond North America. Driving the growth in the APAC region includes utilizing current and future technologies and increased investments in smart city technology. The segment most expected to experience the highest growth rate is facial feature extraction software on the basis of its growing demand in the smart phone and authenticating devices sector. More information is available to our subscribers by calling our Equity Research department or by downloading the original report, which can be purchased from Markets and Markets for $7,150. About Capital Review Capital Review is a nationally recognized publisher of financial analysis, research reports, and exclusive market reporting. Institutional investors, registered brokers, professional traders, and personal investment advisers rely on Capital Review to quantify public company valuations, discover opportunity across asset classes, stay informed about market-moving events, and read exclusive analysis of important material developments. With 14 offices worldwide, Capital Review staffs and manages certified and registered financial professionals, including Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) designation holders and FINRA® BrokerCheck® certified individuals with current and valid CRD® number designations, to enable continuous coverage of topics relevant to its regular active reader base. REGISTERED MEMBER STATUS Capital Review’s oversight and audit staff are registered analysts, brokers, and/or financial advisers („Registered Members”) working within Equity Research, Media, and Compliance departments. Capital Review’s roster includes qualified CFA® charterholders, licensed securities attorneys, and registered FINRA® members holding duly issued CRD® numbers. Current licensed status of several Registered Members at Capital Review have been independently verified by Accesswire staff, including policy and audit records duly executed by Registered Members. Complaints, concerns, questions, or inquiries regarding this release should be directed to Capital Review’s Compliance department by Phone, at +1 (410) 280-7496, or by E-mail at [email protected]. LEGAL NOTICES Information contained herein is not an offer or solicitation to buy, hold, or sell any security. Capital Review, Capital Review members, and/or Capital Review affiliates are not responsible for any gains or losses that result from the opinions expressed. Capital Review makes no representations as to the completeness, accuracy, or timeliness of the material provided and all materials are subject to change without notice. Capital Review has not been compensated for the publication of this press release by any of the above mentioned companies. Capital Review is not a financial advisory firm, investment adviser, or broker-dealer, and does not undertake any activities that would require such registration. For our full disclaimer, disclosure, and terms of service please visit our website. Media Contact: Nicole Garrens, Media Department Office: +1 (410) 280-7839, E-mail: [email protected] Toll-Free: +1 (888) 242-2748 Ext. 4 © 2017 Capital Review. All Rights Reserved. For republishing permissions, please contact a partner network manager at [email protected]. CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. FINRA®, BrokerCheck®, and CRD® are registered trademarks owned by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. SOURCE: Capital Review CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Report of Automatic Hematology Analyzer Sales Industry Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Next PostNext Azathioprine Industry: Recent Study including Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts Search Recent Posts Emulsifying Silicon Oil Market 2017 Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Report Up To 2022 Global Tax Network Recognized Again for Innovative and Effective Workplace Practices Listing of bond loan issued by KINNEVIK AB on STO Corporate Bonds (370/17) Higher Alcohol 2017 Global Market Key Players – Shell Global, Hand Hygiene – Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Live Innovations: Nerves Are Getting the Better of Top Talent Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman MediaMapper App Amps Up Your Photos and Videos on Google Earth FORT COLLINS, Colo., May 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Red Hen Systems, LLC, announces updates and a price reduction for its powerful MediaMapper Mobile (MMM) app. Available on the Google Play store for just $1.99, the versatile, user-friendly app empowers anyone with an Android smartphone or tablet to add a host of information to photos and videos, as well as easily map them onto Google Earth for later reference or to share with others. The app is packed with features that make it a favorite for a broad range of uses, from casual everyday activities to professional photography to commercial data collection and surveillance missions. In fact, MMM is only the second app ever approved by the U.S. government for distribution on the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) GEOINT App Store. Casual users will love tracking their routes on Google Earth, then clicking on any point along the mapped route to reveal the photo or video frame from that point, geotagged with a host of location and other sensor-based information. Add a QR code to any photo and instantly share its mapped location with others. A triangulation feature allows users to obtain distances to far-away targets without using a laser range finder. Additional features include: Connect to a laser range finder with Bluetooth for accurate distances to your target. Connect to external GPS devices with Bluetooth. Add audio notes to your photos and videos. Use Bluetooth to add additional sensor information to photos, such as temperature or humidity. Create close-up photos to embed within larger photos. Compatible with several Samsung, Nikon, Sony and GoPro Android-dedicated and WiFi-enabled cameras—listed on the Google Play store. "The uses for MediaMapper Mobile are limited only by your imagination," says Neil Havermale, Red Hen Systems managing partner. "With the wave of new 360˚ cameras already upon us, we'll continue ensuring MediaMapper Mobile's relevance for adding value to these exciting new products as well." About Red Hen Systems, LLC Our innovative software and hardware add significant value to photos and videos collected by sensors ranging from 360˚ cameras and smartphones to professional aerial and film studio cameras. We geotag photos and videos with metadata acquired from additional sensors, and can accurately map the rich media onto Google Earth or Esri maps. We're also experts in Google visual media applications. CONTACT: Ian Gilbraith 970.493.3952, ext. 24 ian@redhensystems.com     SOURCE Red Hen Systems, LLC CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer Software, Computer/ Electronics, Mobile Entertainment, Multimedia/Internet, New Products/Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bio-Based Adipic Acids Industry by Product, End User, Geography and Forecasts to 2022 Next PostNext Atomizing Iron Powder Industry Analysis, Prediction to 2022 by Region, Type and Technology Search Recent Posts League of Angels – Paradise Land Endorsed by Gal Gadot Launches on Mobile ORIX Auto to Begin Offering Japanese-style Rental Cars for Inbound Visitors to Japan Liverpool government delegation visits XJTLU Romantic Fiction Author C. L. Hunter Announces New Romantic Fiction Release, ‘My Soul Belongs To You’ Non-Volatile Dual In-Line Memory Module (NVDIMM) Market Outlook 2022: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Google, IBM and Lyft announce kubernetes based microservice manager Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing The rise of online learning – the cure to the UK’s digital skills gap? Geneva to Gather the Internet of Things Experts, Researchers, and Industry at 7th IoT Week Yearly Conference and the Global IoT Summit UK consumers expect autonomous cars to be the norm by 2032 Qualcomm patent issued for ‘The Internet of Shoes’ From AI to VR, the biggest announcements from Google IO How to use Apple Watch SoftBank bets on AI with $4bn stake in Nvidia Shell Downstream CIO: Credibility is key for digital transformation success Failing IoT projects highlight need for strategy change Nvidia looks to build AI Metropolis with video analytics Smart Cities? Not until those cyber weaknesses get sorted German start-up Lilium test flights 2-seater jet prototype SoftBank bets on AI with $4bn stake in Nvidia Bromium CTO: Why the notion of using machine learning to detect malware is completely daft Geneva to Gather the Internet of Things Experts, Researchers, and Industry at 7th IoT Week Yearly Conference and the Global IoT Summit Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS The Future of OpenStack The great data myth: Is cloud really less secure than on-premise? Microsoft looks to DNA storage for cloud based tape replacement The Future of OpenStack The great data myth: Is cloud really less secure than on-premise? Microsoft looks to DNA storage for cloud based tape replacement Red Hat boosts container strategy with Codenvy acquisition HPE & Citrix target Edge to the Core innovation Rackspace appoints Joe Eazor as new CEO HP Inc & Infosys partner to accelerate digital transformation Red Hat boosts container strategy with Codenvy acquisition MuleSoft founder: The application network, a lightning bolt moment, and a bit of luck Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business IBM rolls out IRP solution to help clients become GDPR compliant Countdown to GDPR: Everything you need to know with just one year to go Bromium CTO: Why the notion of using machine learning to detect malware is completely daft Businesses should adopt software-defined networks for data protection, says Juniper Networks IBM rolls out IRP solution to help clients become GDPR compliant Countdown to GDPR: Everything you need to know with just one year to go IBM rolls out IRP solution to help clients become GDPR compliant Countdown to GDPR: Everything you need to know with just one year to go AT&T delivers new security features for business networks Businesses should adopt software-defined networks for data protection, says Juniper Networks IBM rolls out IRP solution to help clients become GDPR compliant The great data myth: Is cloud really less secure than on-premise? Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Nokia, Apple patent dispute ends with partnership Samsung in the market for more software & services acquisitions EE network down across UK as huge data outage hits customers Samsung bixby patent hints at smartspeaker to rival Amazon and Google Best browser for Android Best Keyboard for Android Samsung in the market for more software & services acquisitions Spotify acquires AI startup to compete with Apple Music Alibaba’s Ant Financial $60 billion IPO delayed until 2018 EE network down across UK as huge data outage hits customers Vodafone shares rise despite huge €6.1 billion loss Openreach looks to make 12 million homes ultrafast by 2020 HP laptops could have been keylogging since 2015 Microsoft Windows 10 updates to be released twice yearly 5 ways to adapt your mobile security strategy for IoT Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Rackspace appoints Joe Eazor as new CEO Microsoft to build cloud data centres in Africa The Monster Machine: HPE debuts world’s biggest single-memory computer Europe’s major data centres boost Q1 2017 colo take-up by 27% New $1bn Facebook data centre runs on 100% renewable energy Apple site objector calls for refusal of Amazon €1bn data centre plan The big data centre rip off: Majority of cooling equipment not effective Schneider Electric targets IoT and edge apps with micro data centre Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Accelerated computing in data centre driven by AI, says Nvidia Huawei & Global Switch drive O&M efficiency with new modular data centres plan Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Big Data Analytics Need a Quick Data-based Decision in the US? – Don’t Hold Your Breath IBM’s Watson is just the beginning – in 2017 you may be working alongside Data Driven AI (or even a data loving CEO…) Tibco bolsters IoT analytics offering with Statistica acquisition Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Intel’s Thunderbolt 3-for-all adds USB-C to all CPUs How Veeam is targeting a seamless digital life experience The Monster Machine: HPE debuts world’s biggest single-memory computer HP Inc & Infosys partner to accelerate digital transformation Red Hat boosts container strategy with Codenvy acquisition HPE & Citrix target Edge to the Core innovation HPE & Citrix target Edge to the Core innovation IBM builds its most powerful quantum processor EVER The Monster Machine: HPE debuts world’s biggest single-memory computer Google targets enterprise with Chrome bundle for IT admins AI, VR and blockchain to factor in the future of applications CIO Survey: Global uncertainty fuels new breed of digital innovators HPE & Citrix target Edge to the Core innovation Yahoo fuels open source speedway with Daytona, looks to automate application analysis MuleSoft founder: The application network, a lightning bolt moment, and a bit of luck AI, VR and blockchain to factor in the future of applications VMware brings DaaS to Microsoft Azure with Horizon Cloud Why security should be the cornerstone of hyperconvergence Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers English French What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Rackspace appoints Joe Eazor as new CEO The Future of OpenStack Enterprise ITSoftware Back to Home Google, IBM and Lyft announce kubernetes based microservice manager Increase / Decrease text size Tom Ball   - Reporter 25th May 2017 Add to favorites Istio comes pre-loaded with application code from the previous work of Google, IBM and Lyft. Google, IBM and Lyft have worked in collaboration to launch a new open technology called Istio, a service that allows developers to connect, manage and secure networks of different microservices regardless of the vendor or platform. The new initiative from the tech giants aims to support traffic flow management and telemetry data aggregation between microservices. In addition to this the service will also aid the enforcement of access policy. The thinking behind the creation of Istio is the growing number of developers that are now using microservices to build applications. Developers are choosing this option because microservices allow for the easy development of large scale software in the cloud. Istio is able to provide this support due to the fact that it uses pre-existing application code from work undertaken by Google, IBM and Lyft; this benefits developers as they will not need to make alterations themselves. The technology works by converting disparate microservices into an integrated service mesh; this is achieved via a shared management layer and programmable routing. Kubernetes platforms currently support Istio, but its design is not platform specific, meaning that it is not restricted to using the IBM Bluemix Container Service for example. The versatility of Istio is owed to its open source nature, with other platforms, with CloudFoundry and VMs included in its project plan. READ MORE: Google, IBM & Intel unite for Kubernetes Andy Randall, Tigera co-founder and CEO said: “It takes more than just open sourcing technology to drive innovation. There has to be an open, active multi-vendor community, and as a true believer in the power of open collaboration, IBM is playing an essential role in fostering that community around Kubernetes and related projects including Calico and Istio. We have been thrilled with our partnership and look forward to ongoing collaboration for the benefit of all users of these technologies.” Tags developers Google Homepage News List IBM Kubernetes Lyft Microservices Previous ArticleCountdown to GDPR: Everything you need to know with just one year to go Next ArticleThe Future of OpenStack Most read Hackers turn political saboteurs as cracks in the cloud signal a new frontier for cyber crime Ellie Burns 26th April 2017 IBM brings cognitive assistant to factory for cutting down inspection time Byomakesh Biswal 25th April 2017 Oracle, the newest tech startup? New unit goes for cloud win with AI, VR & AR Ellie Burns 25th April 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel Monitor Continuously. Respond Swiftly. By Intel Editor’s Pick Kaspersky antivirus guide – everything you need to know Ellie Burns 4th May 2017 Machine learning in cyber security: The first line of defense against modern threats Ellie Burns 2nd May 2017 Top 30 Under 30 in Cloud James Nunns 28th April 2017 Related News Highest Paying Networking Jobs 2017 Ellie Burns 25th May 2017 Red Hat boosts container strategy with Codenvy acquisition James Nunns 25th May 2017 HPE & Citrix target Edge to the Core innovation James Nunns 25th May 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Qualcomm patent issued for ‘The Internet of Shoes’ Joe Clark 19th May 2017 4th Revolution Report: Automation boosts revenues 15% and creates, not steals, jobs Ellie Burns 10th May 2017 4th Revolution Self driving car push by Intel sees BMW tie-up and Autonomous Driving Garage Joe Clark 4th May 2017 Latest in Analysis The CEO’s Guide to Data Security – Protect your data through innovation Ellie Burns 3rd May 2017 Exploring Antarctica with Eugene Kaspersky: From art and penguins, to the Glaciator robot Ellie Burns 18th April 2017 Register to Vote Cyber Attack: Who Hacked Brexit? Ellie Burns 12th April 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Top 30 Under 30 in Cloud 4 weeks ago Businesses should adopt software-defined networks for data protection, says Juniper Networks 16 hours ago Highest Paying Networking Jobs 2017 16 hours ago HP Inc & Infosys partner to accelerate digital transformation 16 hours ago Red Hat boosts container strategy with Codenvy acquisition 17 hours ago Intel’s Thunderbolt 3-for-all adds USB-C to all CPUs 17 hours ago HPE & Citrix target Edge to the Core innovation 19 hours ago Europe’s major data centres boost Q1 2017 colo take-up by 27% 21 hours ago IBM rolls out IRP solution to help clients become GDPR compliant 21 hours ago The Future of OpenStack 21 hours ago Google, IBM and Lyft announce kubernetes based microservice manager 23 hours ago Countdown to GDPR: Everything you need to know with just one year to go 1 day ago Rackspace appoints Joe Eazor as new CEO 2 days ago Yahoo fuels open source speedway with Daytona, looks to automate application analysis 2 days ago MuleSoft founder: The application network, a lightning bolt moment, and a bit of luck 2 days ago Are Legacy Systems an Inhibitor to Business Innovation? 2 days ago The great data myth: Is cloud really less secure than on-premise? 2 days ago
