Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters United States & Canada Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Burger King’s ‘OK Google’ ad deliberately, annoyingly, wakes up voice-command devices  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›World›United States & Canada Burger King’s ‘OK Google’ ad deliberately, annoyingly, wakes up voice-command devices PUBLISHED : Thursday, 13 April, 2017, 1:48pm UPDATED : Thursday, 13 April, 2017, 1:48pm Comments:   The Guardian Share PrintEmail Pepsi has dominated the headlines over the past week for having the most irritating and offensive US TV advertisement, but Burger King may now have now taken the mantle with an ad that includes a command that deliberately wakes up voice-activated Google Home devices. The 15-second ad, which started airing Wednesday, features a man in a Burger King uniform leaning into the camera to say: “OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?” People with the Google Home assistant and Android phones with voice search enabled within listening range of their TV will discover the command triggers devices to read aloud the Wikipedia entry for Burger King’s flagship burger. Pepsi pulls ‘stupefyingly diabolical’ ad depicting Kendall Jenner at protest march “We saw it as a technology to essentially punch through that fourth wall,” Burger King’s president, José Cil, told BuzzFeed News, adding that it is a “cool way to connect directly with our guests”. The reaction to the campaign calls into question just how “cool” this advertising technique is. Many viewers have complained that it is intrusive, unnecessary, gimmicky and possibly only designed to elicit an irritated response. Is there even any value – beyond provocation – in a home device reading out a description of the Whopper? Some annoyed viewers took a proactive approach, by editing the Whopper’s Wikipedia entry to result in less-than-flattering descriptions. At one stage the definition had been changed to insert “cyanide” as an ingredient. Another user later changed the definition to say the Whopper is “the worst hamburger product” sold by the chain. It’s unlikely there will be a flood of annoying ads like this partly because of the consumer backlash but also because both Amazon and Google are exploring introducing specific voice recognition to their services. Being able to distinguish between two or more voices in the home is useful for tailoring the services to personal preferences, but could also help prevent this type of device hijacking. This is not the first time that television broadcasts have triggered voice devices at home. In January, a San Diego TV station reported on a story that a six-year-old had mistakenly ordered a dollhouse by talking to the Amazon Echo device. Within the report, the presenter said live on air: “Alexa, order me a dollhouse,” causing viewers’ own Echoes to also attempt to order dollhouses. The command placed dollhouses into their shopping carts, but users need to confirm the order in order for any payment to be taken. In 2014, the Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul appeared in an Xbox ad that accidentally switched people’s games consoles on because it featured the wake-up command “Xbox on”. Google had no involvement in the advertisement and declined to comment on it.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Six memes about United Airlines incident that have gone viral 2 Cathay Pacific COO to replace Ivan Chu as airline’s chief executive 3 United passenger David Dao says ‘everything’ is injured 4 Dragged passenger David Dao begins legal action against United 5 China’s nuclear get-out clause over defence of North Korea Shared 1 Cathay Pacific COO to replace Ivan Chu as airline’s chief executive 2 China’s nuclear get-out clause over defence of North Korea 3 Six memes about United Airlines incident that have gone viral 4 Malaysian-Taiwanese teen who cracked every Ivy League school wants to be... 5 Dragged passenger David Dao begins legal action against United Commented 1 United discovers novel new way to boost airline profits 2 Why won’t Hong Kong’s government let us take back our MPF? 3 Carrie Lam has realistic ideas to improve Hong Kong 4 The very public shaming of United Airlines 5 We are beginning to get the shape and feel of the Trump era Promotions SCMP Invites you to Le French May “Paris Ballet Legend - A Night With The Stars”       You may also like China Tsai turns to home-grown weapons to boost Taiwan’s arms industry 11 Apr 2017 - 9:58am 8 Household appliances create Greener homes by turning food into fertiliser and monitoring recyclable waste In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Where Hong Kong got its thing for crowning people king 11 Apr 2017 - 7:31am Mapping the future course of maritime dispute resolution Sponsored by: Transport and Housing Bureau News Retirees to get up to HK$5,800 a month under HK$10b annuity plan 11 Apr 2017 - 11:08am 43 China Beijingers urged to report foreign spies for up to 500,000-yuan reward Apr 11th 2017, 6:19pm Insight & Opinion What does the HK Sevens have to do with Hongkongers? 10 Apr 2017 - 5:56pm 116 China US and North Korea ‘closer to brink’ of accidental conflict 10 Apr 2017 - 1:29am 61 Hong Kong Mainland blocks Hong Kong Film Awards as Trivisa wins top prize 10 Apr 2017 - 3:02pm 3 Hong Kong Cathay Pacific hits out at union after it ups stakes in dispute 9 Apr 2017 - 11:21pm 22 Politics Ill-fated IPO that could sway Malaysia’s election 9 Apr 2017 - 12:37pm 19 Opinion The hits and misses in Mar-a-Lago 9 Apr 2017 - 7:55am 11 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 6 Plus 1 on G+ 14 Share on Facebook 37 Share on Twitter Total Shares57 Applications News There was a surprising amount of anger directed at Google several days ago when the Assistant shopping list was moved from Keep to the Home app. Rather than being a general purpose list, it is now tied into Google Express. Now, the other shoe has dropped in the form of an update to the Express app. It brings shopping list improvements that jive with the new Assistant shopping list. Here's the changelog for the new update. Now you can invite your friends and family to add items to your Shopping Lists. Add items to shared lists from your phone, computer, and even Google Home. The app no longer runs Android versions older than Jelly Bean (released July 9, 2012). Spring cleaning bug fixes and a fresh new logo make it into this release as well. Sharing lists is an essential feature if you want people to actually use them for shopping, so the Express app now has native support for that. Items added to your list on a computer of via assistant will show up in the app instantly. Then, you can place your order and get the items in one business day (in most places). Although, that's kind of pointless if your preferred stores are not supported in Google Express. Google Express requires an annual membership or $95 or $10 per month. That's in addition to whatever it your chosen items cost. The new version is in the Play Store, as well as on APK Mirror. Download: Google Express (Play Store) Tags app updates apps assistant Google google express subscribe ... Previous Story Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago ... Next Story Google expands WebVR to Google Cardboard, adds 12 new WebVR demos to try out Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments mark555055d need cached / offline lists now as well, do it. Jason Pagliaro They could've at least migrated the existing shopping list from Keep over to this. Adding Wear support would've been smart as well. tenaku or, you know, just left the list in keep. create812 Not a fan of this app, and Google gets knocked down a couple points in my book for forcing the migration of assistant shopping list from Keep to this abomination. Pete Yes, baffling that people would be angry that a free, popular feature was removed with little notice and made part of a subscription service. Ronny Yeah. Putting a feature into a different app, that is not available for all users is totally thought through. Express is US only. Keep was not. Now I can access my list only through the home app, which then sends me to the webpage of Express. 👍 destinyhud if its not available to u then it opens up in a chrome custom tab. so i am not sure what ur problem is Kumnaa Chrome custom tabs aren't much use in a signaless supermarket :( Nicholas Conrad Express is us only? Not even. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/efd87369dea9a7505573611d0b0b04512b0d80862fdffcfec232c6a8892c3772.png notatoad Express is US only, but the shopping list feature seems to be fairly global - i can use it here in canada, albeit in a web page rather than a native app. not as good as Keep, but not as bad as being totally region-locked out of it like i was expecting. navjot Why not just keep the list in Keep but also allow access from Express? Like they do with Google Tasks (which is accessible through multiple services). Or even just add Google Express support to Keep? This all doesn't make sense for people that don't use Express. I use Express from time to time and I still find this incredibly stupid because I use my Google Assistant Shopping List in Google Keep for many things that I can't get from Express yet. DragoCubed Google express "support" in keep would've just solved it once and for all Timothy Angley Well, I guess I won't be using Assistant to make a shopping list. So disappointing that they would do this to people. Kevin Davis Gee, I'm shocked! Never saw this coming. 😉 Dbag move on the part of Google. Lateef Alabi-Oki Dick move from Google. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher No Google love for Android Wear users. David Hyman Seems to work fine for my needs. The keep features were nice to have but not necessary for me. I hope that this allows assistant better access to the contents of my list Martin Send your angry feedback to Google! It's not like they care, but at least you will feel a little better when sending good wishes to their mothers :-))) Chris Sanner Allow me to sort the damn list. Anthony Castanza Congratulations! The shit sandwich no longer contains toenail clippings. Still a shit sandwich though. Morenicano Man, people are murdering the rating for express in the play store lol Grey I still don't understand what the fuck Google Express is. Do they ship the items to your house? notatoad if i don't have a list in Keep called "shopping", i get kicked over to google express. If there's a list in Keep called "shopping", asking google assistant to "add cookies to my shopping list" adds an entry to the list called shopping in Google Keep. Not sure what the problem is here? Mr. Shmidle Middle Great, Google took out a feature I could use and implemented it in a way I and many other users can't access now. Whelp I'll just add Google Express to the rest of em like Google Books, Google Music, Google Movies, Google Newsstand, etc... Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 97 queries | 0.400s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Apps Apps News Google Areo App Launched in India, Bundles Local Services Like Faasos and UrbanClap  Gadgets 360 Staff, 13 April 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights Google's new Areo app bundles together hyperlocal services It can order food from Faasos, and call a plumber from Urban Clap The app has only been released in India to start with Without any official announcements, Google on Wednesday launched a new app called Areo on Google Play in India. It is a local services application that allows you to order food, call a plumber to fix your sink, or have a beautician come over to give you a facial. And although Google has the contact details of all these different services through the database it builds for Google Maps, it's not using its own muscle to make this work. Instead, Google has used the Areo app to bundle together different services so for example, in the food delivery section, you can flip between Freshmenu, Faasos, and Box8. For other categories such as beauty and repairs, UrbanClap appears to be the main services provider at present. At the time of launch, the app supported services in parts of Delhi and parts of Bengaluru, but naturally, this will change quickly. In Bengaluru's HSR Layout however, these four services were the only providers available on the app, as of Thursday morning. Using Areo Using the Areo app is a pretty straightforward experience. Install it from Google Play onto your phone, and the very first screen will show you a map view, and ask you to confirm your location. Once you've made sure that the arrow is pointing to the right place, just tap on Save Location, and you're taken to the next screen which shows the various services available. Here, you can tap on the different categories - Food delivery, Beauty, Home maintenance, and so on - which are represented with large, easy to understand tiles along with text. In food, you will see a carousel showing the different delivery options, and below that, the items. Icons next to the price show where both cash and online payment options are available. You can add items from multiple providers into the same cart - so you could add some items from Faasos, and some items from Freshmenu, and a facial from UrbanClap, and order them all together. You can pay via credit or debit cards, netbanking, or opt for cash on delivery. Each service would then undertake the delivery as usual. The overall experience is very simple, and it certainly is a lot simpler than having to go through multiple apps. If Google can add some more services quickly, then Areo has the potential to actually be quite useful. It frees you from having to install a dozen different apps on your phone, most of which do pretty similar functions. How many times have you scrolled through both Swiggy and Zomato Order in order to find the right dinner? And similarly, you've probably browsed through both BigBasket and Grofers in order to get your groceries. Add to that the fact that the app looks good, is fast and uncluttered, and easy to use, and the only thing missing now is more services. Is this bad for local delivery startups? Google's entry into the local delivery space is, on the face of it, good news for a lot of companies. It's not directly competing with an Urban Clap or a Faasos - all of the information that you are getting was always just a Google Search away. However, by aggregating it all in one place like this, Google may well make it easier to switch away from services you're loyal to, and to try out more, new things. A regular Faasos customer might start ordering from Freshmenu because those items are displayed in the same place - or vice versa. It's also not clear how Google is making money here. A commission on orders - an affiliate fee if you will - is a reasonable assumption, but if that is indeed the case, how will that affect the margins of the service providers? On the other hand, Tapzo (formerly Helpchat) is likely to be affected as well. The company, which started off as a chat-based do-anything service, grew into an app aggregator, that let you shop, order food, recharge your phone, call a taxi, and much more all from a single home screen. It was an interesting idea, and although it offers a number of services which Areo does not, the basic concept of bundling local services together into a single interface is the same, and that can't be good news for the Bengaluru-based company. That said, for everyone else, such as UrbanClap, Faasos, and others that Areo integrates with, this is likely to be a good thing, at least for now. Tags: Google, Apps, Google Areo, Faasos, India, Hyperlocal Delivery Apple Reportedly Hired Secret Team for Treating Diabetes Airtel Modifies 'Fastest Network' Ad Challenged by Reliance Jio Google Areo App Launched in India, Bundles Local Services Like Faasos and UrbanClap     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Huawei Enjoy 7 Plus Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus Xiaomi Mi 6 LeEco Le Pro 3 AI Edition Micromax Evok Power Micromax Evok Note Zopo Color X 5.5 Lephone W7 Ziox Mobiles QUIQ Flash 4G Intex ELYT-e1 ZTE Nubia Z17 mini Sansui Horizon 1 Huawei Honor 6C Huawei Honor 8 Pro Huawei Y5 2017 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 Alcatel Flash Micromax Bharat 2 Swipe Konnect Neo 4G Micromax Dual 5 Popular Samsung Galaxy S8 Sony Xperia XZs Samsung Galaxy S8+ Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Oppo F3 Plus Nokia 6 Samsung C9 Pro OnePlus 3T Google Pixel Xiaomi Redmi 3s Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) LG G6 Gadgets 360 Hindi वोडाफोन ऑफरः 4जी पर करो अपग्रेड और पाओ 4 जीबी मुफ्त डेटा सोनी ने भारत में लॉन्च किया 23 मेगापिक्सल कैमरे वाला फोन शाओमी मी 6 को को लॉन्च किए जाने से पहले टीज़र ज़ारी Latest Videos 03:17 360 Daily: Samsung S8 to Launch Without Bixby Voice, Sony Xperia XA1 Launched, and More 02:57 Coolpad Note 5 Lite Review 04:58 Which Is the King of Content-Sharing Apps? 05:47 The Intern App Pack 21:13 Facebook vs Snapchat vs WhatsApp More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rishi Alwani Xbox Scorpio Isn't for Gamers - Here's Why Akhil Arora How Legion Redefined the Look of Superhero TV Sanket Vijayasarathy Five Things to Look Forward to at the Samsung Galaxy S8 Launch Advertisement Recent Microsoft to Host Its Spring Launch Event on May 2 Finance Ministry Rejected Apple's Tax Exemption Demands, Says Chaudhary Major US Tech Firms Pushing US FCC to Preserve Net Neutrality Rules LG G6 to Reportedly Get 3D Facial Recognition Feature in June First Image of Black Hole Pieced Together by Astronomers Amazon CEO Says Artificial Intelligence Will Fuel the Company's Success Facebook Looking at Behaviour to Weed Out Fake Accounts Burger King Whopper Ad Set Off Google Home Before Google Pulled the Plug Facebook Messenger Now Has 1.2 Billion Monthly Active Users HTC One X10 Leaked Poster Tips Phone to Sport High-Capacity Battery More News TRENDING Reliance Jio Offers: Jio Freebies Since Launch, and Their Impact Xiaomi Mi 6 Teaser Released Ahead of Launch on April 19 Google's New App for India Bundles Local Services Like Faasos, Urban Clap Reliance Jio Offers 1GB Data Per Day for 3 Months at Rs. 309 First Image of Black Hole Pieced Together by Astronomers Vodafone Offers 4GB of Free Data to Existing Subscribers Upgrading to 4G These Are the Highest-Paying Companies in America Sony Xperia XA1 With 23-Megapixel Camera Launched at Rs. 19,990 Rivals Using Unfair Means to Stop Customer Exits, Reliance Jio Tells TRAI How to Link Your Aadhaar to Your PAN Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
/ Security Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev {{announcement.body}}{{announcement.title}} Let's be friends: Social Login on the Rise: How Secure Is It? DZone's Guide to Social Login on the Rise: How Secure Is It? As it turns out, social login is actually rather secure. But just like any other system, it has exploitable flaws. Read on for tips on how to keep your information safe. by Martin Gontovnikas · Apr. 13, 17 · Security Zone Free Resource Like (1) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Discover how to protect your applications from known and unknown vulnerabilities. The popularity of social login is on the rise. For users, it provides a seamless, frictionless way to login to the sites and apps that they use most frequently. For developers, it provides a way to quickly implement a secure signup and login system—and creates tons of opportunities for personalization of the user experience. This seemingly win-win scenario can smell a little suspicious—is social login too good to be true? More to the point, is it really as secure as everyone thinks? The answer is yes: social login really is secure. But even the most secure method of authentication is still liable to user error and risk. Social Identity Providers Give You Peace of Mind One of the biggest value propositions of social login is also the reason that it really is as secure as you think it is: Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, and others have millions of users. With these three social login options, you could give the vast majority of your user base a social option for logging into your app. The more popular the site, the more popular the social login integration. Because of all those users, companies of that size also have a ton to lose in the event of a password breach, and they employ some of the world's top security experts to make sure that never happens. Smaller sites just don't have the same kinds of incentives pushing them to put security first. Sometimes even well-known sites, like Gawker, just aren't thinking that someone would try and compromise their users' information. That's largely because they don't face the same kind of public cataclysm that a Google or a Facebook would face in the same kind of situation. When holes in the security systems of larger, more well-known sites are discovered, they do tend to make the news—which can easily bias you to think that they're insecure. The truth is that these incidents are almost always the results of white hat hackers exposing flaws for the purpose of bolstering their reputations or collecting on lucrative bug bounties. Password Reuse Is Still a Problem The one major flaw with social login, if we're pragmatic about how users really behave, is password reuse. 59% of people have reported using the same password across multiple sites. That makes their accounts significantly more vulnerable because a breach anywhere can lead to multiple compromised accounts. This problem gets worse when you're talking about a social account linked to many different apps and sites. If you use the same password across different sites, and your password is hacked on a site that takes security less seriously, attackers could gain access to your main social media account. If you're using that account to log in elsewhere, you could suddenly have a huge problem on your hands. Back in 2011, when the service Trapster was hacked, that's exactly what happened to its users—and not just current ones. Some people had tried Trapster several years prior, deleted the app, and Trapster was still storing their passwords. The lesson here is that if you're using social login, you should absolutely make sure that the password you're using for your Google/Facebook/etc. account is unique from all the other passwords you use. Better yet, implement multifactor authentication on that account. Most people don't want to have MFA on every single account that they have across the internet, but if it's at least implemented on your main Google or Facebook account, then you have a higher bar of security on the one site or app where you need it the most—you'll have the best annoyance:value ratio that you can get. Privacy Settings Need to Be Monitored Social login gives app developers great opportunities to personalize the user experience and leverage mobile analytics for growth. But all that power has to come in balance with users' needs for privacy. When you permit one of these platforms to act as your identity provider on other sites, they're accessing your personal data and giving other apps access to that personal data. Staying on top of the permissions you're giving out is good security practice—as many learned in 2016 when Niantic's Pokemon GO requested (and received) full access to their Google accounts. Google offers a dashboard to remove apps connected to your account, though you can't refine permissions—only block apps out completely. With Facebook, you have some more flexibility about the kind of information that you want apps to be able to access. Scroll down on the Settings → Apps page and you can specify on a granular level what you want other developers to be able to pull from your profile: You can do this on an individual basis the moment you choose to sign up for a site through your Facebook login. The best way to know what you're giving up to the different apps you use is simply being vigilant when you sign up for a new service. Inspect the permissions that you're granting, and if anything looks really off, reconsider whether you need this particular tool. No app should be asking for full access to your Google account, as Niantic did. Doing so puts your sensitive personal information in the hands of a service you know little about. Find out how Waratek’s award-winning virtualization platform can improve your web application security, development and operations without false positives, code changes or slowing your application. Like This Article? Read More From DZone Geek Reading: Stolen Passwords, Memory Leaks, and Python Polymorphism Is Passwordless Authentication More Secure Than Passwords? SMS Password Recovery: nopls Free DZone Refcard Java EE Security Essentials DOWNLOAD Topics: security ,social logins ,password security Like (1) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Martin Gontovnikas, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Security Partner Resources Traditional Application Security Approaches Are Not Working Waratek Webinar: Secure your apps against a deserialization attack. It's not possible, is it? Waratek Bring your Java apps up to date with the latest Java release with no code changes Waratek THE DZONE NEWSLETTER Dev Resources & Solutions Straight to Your Inbox Submit Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. X {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} Free {{node.type}} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 399 Plus 1 on G+ 419 Share on Facebook 129 Share on Twitter Total Shares947 Applications Google News Update 1: 2017/03/24 10:16am PDT Google has confirmed that Project Fi users will not be impacted, and can continue to send and receive SMS and calls through Hangouts. Once upon a time, I was able to get most of my communication done through Hangouts. Between its support for standard SMS, Google Voice, and normal Hangouts conversations, it was an incredibly useful tool. It could even merge SMS and Hangouts conversations into the same thread, much like iMessage on the iPhone. Over the past year or so, Google has been separating all this functionality into standalone apps. Google started asking SMS users to switch to Messages, then removed merged conversations, and finally launched a new separate Google Voice app. The company has also been trying to move people off Hangouts itself, with its new Allo and Duo apps. Now Google appears to be finally pulling the trigger on Hangouts' SMS integration. In an email sent out to G Suite administrators, Google said that a warning (pictured above) will appear to Hangouts users starting March 27. The email also says that SMS support will be completely removed from Hangouts on May 22. The message states that Google Voice users will not be affected, but with all the improvements in the standalone Voice app, you might be better off switching anyways. No changes were announced for SMS integration with Project Fi, which allows texts and calls to go through Hangouts, but I'm almost certain that it will stay (at least as long as Voice integration does). Thanks: Dan, Joff Download: Google Hangouts (Play Store) Update 1: 2017/03/24 10:16am PDT Google has confirmed that Project Fi users will not be impacted, and can continue to send and receive SMS and calls through Hangouts. End of Update Tags google hangouts Google Voice hangouts sms Voice subscribe ... Previous Story The Other Room escapes onto Daydream VR ... Next Story The new LG K20 variants are official, coming to T-Mobile and Verizon Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments xtremevicky This is going to make people very mad. Now I want to uninstall this app from my phone selw0nk At least I can still use Google Voice. Picaso86 I'm using Hangouts as my primary phone number, this is going to affect me...I have a weird feeling.. duke69111 So this is the SMS integration from your carrier correct? Not the text messaging ability from from my google voice number? Corbin Davenport Correct. Donny Stanley But this begs the question then, if there's already a dedicated app for Google Voice messaging, and you'll need to use another app completely for standard carrier SMS, then why use Hangouts at all? Google makes me so angry. duke69111 I personally really like using Hangouts for messages. I use SMS very little. Corbin Davenport At least in my case, I still use Hangouts because it works fine. Allo still doesn't have a desktop client. Régis Knechtel That's what they want! From now on, to make people stop using it, except the ones who use it for busines. duke69111 Thanks. aNYthing6 Google almost had it with Hangouts. Now their "solution" to messaging is just a complete mess. What a shame. Trooper311 Their solution is to have a bunch of different apps that all suck worse than Hangouts. GG Google! Sean Thomas I mean, hangouts was always slow and janky and confusing with all the different things you could do. Google doesn't need to be in the business of a proprietary messaging platform like whatsapp or imessage. Allo needs to go next. At least Duo does something interesting. voice and google messages are good for their own things. It's not like everyone you know is ever going to be on a single app for messaging anyway. Your phone has notifications so everything goes to the same place anyway. My point is...it doesn't matter that Google is always changing their messaging stuff. At least not that much to most people. lol b_freeman The reason it doesn't matter to "most" people is because they use whatever​ default SMS app comes on their phone and maybe downloads Snapchat also. They don't care if the app is decent looking or if it has a desktop client. Unfortunately the audience on this site is in the minority of users. Premsuraj That may be true in the US market. But everywhere else people only care about Whatsapp, no other messaging app can come close. That is because everyone they know is using it. Romek Nowak Not really. Facebook is more popular in my country - Poland. I imagine a bunch of EU countries (and the US!) are the same. Henrik Cole I was paid 104000 dollars last 12 month period by doing a web-based task as well as I was able to do it by w­orking in my own time f­o­r quite a few hours regularly. I applied work opportunity I stumbled upon on-line and therefore I am thrilled that I was succeed to earn such decent money. It is undoubtedly newbie-friendly and therefore I am so blessed that I discovered out about it. Read through exactly what I do... http://libr.ae/y49h Marcelove Which is the owner of WhatsApp... To fix it at your point of view: "But everywhere else people only care about messaging apps from Facebook" Romek Nowak They aren't the same. In fact most of the premise behind them is different. b_freeman That's all fine and good for the EU but I'm concerned about the US mobile market and in the US most carrier's provide unlimited text and picture messaging or very close to it with most plans that they offer, so unless the carrier's start downplaying SMS it isn't going to die in the US anytime soon. Romek Nowak Not to mention that a small portion of them actually had Hangouts set as their default SMS app out of the box. Now they have to choose something else... Unless they never connected to the Play Store, in which case they won't be affected. Francesdvargas Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dz175c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !dz175c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs465DirectPrivateGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dz175c:....,...... Vratislav Jindra How was Hangouts "confusing with all the different things you could do"? It is a very robust instant messaging app with all the functionality anyone might need. Even my parents learned how to use it, how to send messages, photos and videos and how to make voice and video calls - and they're not exactly tech savvy people. Are you an iPhone user? Or what's wrong with you, when you're saying that Hangouts is confusing to you? Is there a particular function you don't understand? Or are you just one of the people because of who Google decided to launch tons of apps (Allo, Duo, Messenger,...) with limited features which struggle to be able to do what Hangouts already can? makapav Hangouts should have continued it's evolution to be single point of messaging. Ability to reach the intended party via SMS, Hangouts, Voice whatever medium in a seamless single conversation transparent to the end users. Trooper311 Agreed with slow and janky. But this app had pretty much everything a person could want all in one app. Now that they are taking away SMS it is just going to piss a lot of people off. For me I would much rather have one app that most people I know have on their phones already. Google is just creating a huge clusterf*ck by creating all of these different messaging apps. James Donut They (google) will have to find a way to merge Carrier dependent messaging (RCS/SMS) with their Google Account based Hangouts.. Right now they are separate cadtek91 Carriers want a standalone messaging SMS app. This was a reason they made Google Messenger back when it launched with 5.0. sproc Messenger is just a LP look to the SMS app. You might as well just call it what it was called, Messages. HSidhu Carriers don't want a separate messaging app for iPhones?? lol Fadakar They honestly never got a say. By ATT caving to Apple's demands early on set the tone for what future carriers could get away with by the time the iPhone hit their networks. rohiggidy you mean the app everyone bashed 24/7 on here and other places now it was perfect Gabriele Molinarolo People were asking for improvements, not dismembering. reggjoo You're right. Their idea of the cure, is too make a mess, and confuse. Do no evil, bullgooglery! Trooper311 Agree. rohiggidy improvement when the app was super bloated? Max Yes, improvements. SyCoREAPER UPDATE for Project Fi Users Only: SyCoREAPER 11:30 AM I was hoping you could relay a message to another team as this directly affects my Project Fi experience. Alex11:30 AM What do you mean? SyCoREAPER 11:31 AM Hangouts ability to use SMS was crucial for my Project Fi existence and happiness. Some brain dead iphone user at Google has signed off on removing Hangouts ability to send and receive SMS SyCoREAPER 11:32 AM Hangouts was the only app that I was reliably receiving messages with on Fi Alex11:32 AM Project Fi users can still send SMS messages through Hangouts and will not be affected by these changes. catalysto Well you're quite a dickhead. SyCoREAPER Says the fuckface who called someone a dickhead over something that does not affect them. catalysto Doesn't make it any less true though. SyCoREAPER Are we talking about me or you because you are completely fucking failing. You're blocked for being so goddamn stupid. catalysto And you're a dickhead to the end. Seems like a good life strategy! David Agree. Anyone who mixed case letters in their username is a dickhead. parkerjh For such a smart company, how in the world can Google be so damn confused when it comes to messaging? They can't get out of their own way. It is just appalling. how bad they are and how confusing they make it for Android users to simply message. So frustrating. Duder12 They arent confused. Hangouts = Business Allo = Consumer It makes perfect sense and is targeting your users with the correct features instead of bloat. Android messenger is the wrench in the mix but i guarantee it's just a way to get OEMs to jump on RCS. We will probably see RCS in Allo very soon and Pixel phones will no longer need Android Messenger and certainly will no longer need Hangouts. ClaudiuIO Wait you can send sms throuhg Allo? Why has nobody told me? /s Sachin Bahal You can't (yet), Google says SMS fallback is coming to Allo, soon™ Hypnotoad No, they specifically said they aren't designing a messaging app for 2010, implying they will never implement SMS fallback. Here's hoping they integrate RCS into it at least! Duder12 RCS has SMS fallback. Matt How about they design one for 2017 then, where most of the people I know use SMS. Josh Brown No product led said that is what messages is for. xanok Have a citation on this? I'll bet a week's pay that full fledged SMS support will never happen. mxwp pretty sure he was being sarcastic with the tongue in cheek trademark symbol zepy3 The devs for allow have consistently been against SMS support for Allo. Even if they do add RCS support (not likely at the moment imho), it has to be supported by the carrier making it completely useless to anyone on a carrier not running Google's flavor of RCS. Duder12 Wrong. It doesn't have to be Google's flavor and as it seems now ALL carriers are slowly coming on board zepy3 Maybe in Europe but not in the US. Also, yes it does have Google Jibe and while Google is pushing it strongly it's not going to be on 90% of carriers by the end of the year, it probably won't even be supported on Project Fi this year. Either way RCS is not SMS and it wasn't more than 10 to 14 days ago one of the lead devs said no SMS support because they're building an app "for the future". Corbin Davenport Using RCS on Android Messages works with more than just Google Jibe RCS. Google has also added support for Vodafone's RCS service. Impulse_Vigil AFAIK Tmo is the only one fully committed to a cross compatible RCS implementation. Duder12 Uh Sprint is already LIVE Impulse_Vigil It might've been Sprint then, point is neither of the two biggest carriers are on board. I get Google is trying to leverage them, but from the outside it looks pretty slow going. Duder12 ATT showed a demo using Android Messenger with RCS at MWC using their Network. It's happening. Michael Sørensen Only some of Europe. Most of northern Europe is still on SMS parkerjh they are confused and have changed messaging apps and developed so many concurrently that it is impossible for the consumer to know what to use. As a Google Voice user, who relied on Hangouts to merge my SMS, now I need to use two apps. Can't even select Voice as default. It is a god damn clusterfuck. MeCampbell30 Two apps! The horror! It's probably a violation of the Geneva convention, too! Get real man. parkerjh eh, it is not just the fact that two apps are required. It is how many messaging apps they have trotted out over the last five years while pushing one, then another, then Google Voice gets an update after half a decade of moribund development BUT don't get cozy with that....we have Allo for you! And later this year.....the new app to merge them all again. Then, pulled apart and they'll be another one next year. There is a reason iOS does messaging well. There has been one app. And it works. bekifft That's because they are viewing it from their perspective of the business goals they want to accomplish, rather than from a user experience perspective. Apple somehow usually manages to do both. Standard Google really. MeCampbell30 The only reason iOS messages app does well is because of the widespread use in the US. It's certainly not because of Apple's proprietary gloss on SMS. parkerjh Not true. Despite its own issues, Apple has a single app that a user can open on their phone, tablet or desktop and send SMS and MMS to individuals or groups of Apple or non Apple users. It is the only messaging solution that millions of iOS users need to accomplish all their messaging needs. Google/Android simply never has come close to something similar. Nothing to do with widespread adoption. Techngro Hangouts was actually exactly the same as what you described with the iOS app before this nonsense from Google. I've been using Hangouts for donkey's years as my standalone phone and messaging application, both on my phone, tablet AND on my desktop. It's literally the only way I communicate to both Google and non-Google users. I use it to call landlines and cell phones for free, I use it to text or MMS people (and groups) on any carrier. And they can do the same for me, with the added benefit that their call is routed to my mobile, tablet and house phone. This is a phenomenally boneheaded move by Google. At the very least, they should have had a replacement with all of the same functionality BEFORE cutting people off from Hangouts. I tried their Messanger app and it didn't seem to have the same functionality as Hangouts. There was no desktop app for example. The more I think about it, the more cheesed I am that a gigantic company like Google can't figure this out. It's not like they're inventing a whole new way to communicate. This has all been done before. JohnyNoLegs Yea! Screw user experience! Lets just give them 2 of everything as that seems to be fine! Mike Didn't put much thought into that reply did you? MeCampbell30 Look who's talking. Low effort post. makapav You asked for it and it's well served - hopefully roasted. Randroid Who needs consolidation, right? I mean, why do we have voicemail in the phone app? It should just be its own app! While we're at it, you don't need any sort of speed dial in the phone app either. Another app! Call history in a phone app? Nope. Makes sense to put it in its own app. What about being able to dial contacts right from the phone app? Nope. We don't need that either. Another app. If we did this, we would have about 5 apps on your phone to do what the phone app does. That's basically what you're proposing, but with messaging instead of phone. It's not the end of the world, and all of the functionality would be there, but the user experience would be terrible. MeCampbell30 The illusion of consolidation. If a task has a completely different context it's bad idea to mix those two contexts in a single app. Period. People don't need to browse Twitter and Snapchat in the same feed. People don't need voicemail to also provide a dialer. Not only does a focused app often have better code, it also tends to surface functionality much better than hiding it under tabs, sub-tabs, hamburger menus, and dropdown menus. That's the whole reason intents exist in the first place. If the voicemail app can't place your call, it can seamlessly pass the task to an app capable of handling it. The hangup with consolidation is borderline religious, it's bad UX and bad UI. Matt Sending text messages through data and SMS are completely different contexts? yann933 Yes! Please let SMS just die already. RCS will be supported on all devices soon, so we won't be needing SMS anymore. In the end it doesn't look to complicated of a setup for consumers. Android Messages for the bulk of your messaging needs, Allo for your Group messages, and Duo for your Video calling. Enterprise users, can use Hangouts Chat and Meet instead of Allo and Duo as well. Corbin Davenport RCS isn't a device issue, it's a carrier issue. It's going to be years before most carriers in the US switch to the Universal RCS Profile (if ever), and even then, I'll bet Apple has no interest in adding support for it to iOS. yann933 That's the only issue, we can only hope that Google might be able to rally up all the OEM's and Carriers to get RCS support working seamlessly and bug free, but the other side of the fence will just dig it's heels in and then we'll have quite the divide seeing as Google is going all in with RCS by the looks of it. Then we'll watch who moves first, Apple supporting RCS, or Google going back to SMS, neither seems very likely 😄 Midnitte The irony of course being that even with all the press from Google about RCS (e.g. the blog post about adding it to Messages), they still haven't setup an RCS server for Project Fi. senoredusty The big four are all in support of the UP, with Sprint already live, T-Mobile sometime soon (supposed to be early this year per the CTO), AT&T demoing at MWC...Why so negative at the prospect? Duder12 Because any Google innitatives are hated apparently. Everyone thinks they make billions every quarter off Android. When in reality Apple does in a day what Google does in month of handset / PlayStore profits newtonfb AP for some reason is very negative when it comes to the topic of RCS and I'm going to guess it stems from David because the rest are scared to disagree with him besides Ryan. All the networks have said and showed they will support UP soon. The only one being Verizon but they have sign on to support it. bekifft Read his post about it to see why. Basically each network operator is implementing incompatible versions. Universal RCS is what we need but as usual the operators have their heads so far up their asses they can't see that it would be mutually beneficial to have a universal standard, they see it like they do everything else, as a proprietary value add. senoredusty What are you talking about? All US carriers are on board. bekifft Yes, with INCOMPATIBLE VERSIONS. Read the article. http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/11/04/the-rcs-mirage-advanced-messaging-is-a-mess-in-the-us-and-googles-standard-is-just-one-more/ senoredusty No, literally all four major carriers are on board with the UNIVERSAL Profile. That doesn't mean they're *live* yet, but they will be. It's a negative article for entirely no reason. Yes, it's true that other carriers implemented different standards INITIALLY bekifft That's good then, I haven't read anything like that since I saw the article in question. Maybe good news doesn't spread as fast as bad. bekifft http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/11/04/the-rcs-mirage-advanced-messaging-is-a-mess-in-the-us-and-googles-standard-is-just-one-more/ newtonfb Ya no kidding. That was the article I was referring to. If you actual read it a ton has changed. Things are moving alot faster than anticipated xanok RCS is already available through some US carriers. bekifft Sadly I think Apple is the only hope for RCS. The only way we will ever see Universal RCS is when and if Apple does it. They are the only company in the world with the power to force the network operators to do anything. chri5 You think people are going to constantly change apps every time some bright spark at Google fancies a new app or removing functionality of an existing one? Nothing is as simple for users as an IM app that automatically falls back to SMS if either party has no data coverage Why don't Google get it What a shambles! Duder12 Apple has a patent on SMS fallback. That's why I see RCS coming to Allo someday since RCS has SMS fallback and avoids Apples patent h4rr4r So three apps to so what one can do now. Does allo have a desktop client yet? Impulse_Vigil So you're basing your counter point that they're not confused on A) a guess about future RCS support and B) ignoring Hangout's past... Yeah, no. I've used Hangouts, and I actually like/use Allo (because family members started to even tho they never took to Hangouts), shoot I even use Messages as well, and I'm not one of those people that feels a desperate need to pare down the # of apps they use... But I can't see how you can really argue Google's strategy has been very confused and scattered over time. It might appear clearer now, but the whole RCS thing is still up in the air and they're just as likely to jump to a whole new app if Allo's user base isn't there... I mean, why did they pivot away from Hangouts to begin with? Probably because users were bailing and the brand was damaged thru association with G+ or the silly name it had to begin with. And this is while ignoring Fi and Voice which only complicate matters. Josh Brown Google should make enough messaging apps so each of my contacts has their own app. John Camey Ridiculous. Lucas de Eiroz ™ Text: Google Talk > Hangouts > Allo SMS: Messages (AOSP) > Hangouts > Android Messages > [possibly] Allo Voice: Google Voice > Google Talk > Hangouts > Google Voice [again] > Duo Video: Google Talk > Hangouts > Duo All of the four categories were separated, and then Google put them together in Hangouts. Now, they are all being separated again. Yes, they are confused. JacobTheDev That's not even mentioning their other, less well known apps like Spaces. They just keep putting out more and more messaging apps. Honestly, all I want is something like iMessage for Android. I thought that's what Allo would be, but that didn't pan out. It's just a confusing mess. brolivar *hasn't panned out. We shall see what is announced at I/O. Besides, the Universal Profile for RCS - which is my theory for everything in the messaging landscape to change - isn't due until Q2 2017. bekifft Google users are getting as bad as Windows Phone users. With them it was always "the solution to everything is coming next year" now with us it's "just wait for I/O" and it's the same result with both. They just kick the can down the road to next year. I/O never solves anything. I/O is where you go to see the next set of products Google will abandon. bekifft Also, RCS requires network operator involvement, and as usual they are even more user hostile and short sighted than Google, so I wouldn't hold my breath on that one either. JacobTheDev Yea, RCS looks very promising, I just don't trust carriers to actually get on board. Hell, I'm a Project Fi subscriber, and even that doesn't support RCS! (I mean, it could be because not all of the carriers that Fi uses support RCS, but still). senoredusty Release 2. Release 1 is already available. Carriers don't need release 2 Ron Lunsford I'm going to play the Windows Phone game with t his one... Microsoft originally had their People Tile "App" baked into the OS. It was PHENOMENAL... They used the API's for Twitter, Facebook and Linked In, all popped through the system in one place. They did the same thing with Messaging - texts, FB Messenger, Skype, etc... Then the problem began... They needed to push an entire OS update to fix an API change with Facebook. Then another for Twitter's change. Then Messenger was separated, and they needed to program for that. It was a giant mess. Google is facing the same thing rolling everything into one App. They make one change in Allo and Voice no longer works. The tweak Hangouts and you lose incoming Voice calling. They try and make Duo video work through this or that and something else breaks. Eventually, they will find the one that most people like, but for most of the world, Google has already lost to WhatsApp, just like Skype did. There are still users on every platform, but soon, those will all be merged and become one user base with one App. At least that's where I think Google is headed - they just aren't sure which App and what the cost will be. rohiggidy bingoooo HSidhu *Android Messages (not messenger) :) Matthias Hangouts is already a highly integrated messaging solution. I mean, it has a decent phone app, it has its own web app and it is integrated into the Gmail (and Inbox) web apps as well. Allo is only a phone app, not integrated into anything. How is this offering "the correct features" to each group of users? Well, okay, I guess if they develop Allo further and integrate it with other services, make a web app and so on (for Duo as well), then I can kind of see Allo (and Duo) replacing Hangouts for consumers, while Hangouts can then be targeted more on business users... but they are sooo far away from that. Right now, what Google is doing just doesn't make any sense to me. trwnh The problem is that they gave up on unified messaging. The balkanization of Google messaging services and platforms was absolutely terrible from a strategy perspective. Things were perfect when I could use Hangouts+GV with MMS and merged conversations in 2015. That's gone now. Marcelove (Google's employee doing damage control) Zachary Dunn This is top notch confusion. You don't build a consumer product and then take it back from consumers and call it an enterprise product. Imagine them cutting off your access to Gmail or any other app and saying this is a business app now Really what they're doing is killing Hangouts the unified chat client and creating a new Slack clone and naming it Hangouts. These two products don't share anything except a name bekifft This is exactly the point that so many people seem to be deliberately missing. Chronos90 Allo still misses one major thing: desktop client. Whatsapp is for normals users too right? They have a good working client, it's not perfect because of the QR thing but still... Google would have a major advantage here: Google account auto login. John Hangouts = Business, unless you don't use it for business since it's included in Gmail for consumers Allo = Consumers Duo = Consumers Messenger = Consumers Voice = Consumers Matt RCS is a fucking mess and will never be a solution for anything unless there are some drastic changes that don't appear to be happening. bekifft Nope, I bet they go the other way. Messenger won't go away because the network operators demand it, and Google wants Allo around for more data mining. Hangouts was the last shot to properly integrate messaging and SMS. selonmoi Sure, so simple. But, oops! You missed Android Messages, Voice, and Duo. And you missed the fact that Hangouts has drawn in millions of consumer users over the past four years. Who are now losing functionality and being told to use at least four different apps that, together, still don't fully replace the functionality that Google promised for Hangouts over the years. It's a mess. Trooper311 Twas only a matter of time. Timmy Turner Sigh Josh Crumley https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2d9a9862494e0d8914c7d71f9c72ce66307339f5ade768694cc730b295956a9a.gif Steve T. pretty much my reaction! :D mondeca I don't understand how Google benefits from this. I understand that removing features reduces the testing and maintenance overhead for products, but if they have to keep SMS integration for Fi customers, then they aren't even gaining this tiny benefit. Sam Del Valle http://www.themrblueprint.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/rip-google-hangouts-on-air.png Matt RIP = Ripped Into Pieces Pessimippopotamus YOU'RE DEAD TO ME GOOGLE. YOU HEAR ME? DEAD!!! Régis Knechtel https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4b11689e877a5fb65de3dd1c9cfefd2c5661a9144d7309ecb81924f41f03b878.gif Borgman What's the differences between Android messages and Google Allo? What's the target demo for those 2? Corbin Davenport Android Messages is just for SMS. Allo is (supposed to be) a WhatsApp competitor. Borgman Okay that's what I thought but wasn't sure. Thank you! duke69111 I think we need a chart to get all this straight. James Donut Allo, although Mobile # based, uses google internet services for medium and as well as the AI chat. While Messenger on the other hand is carrier based Borgman So when rcs comes out in a few years with both those apps support it? Or only Android Messages since it's carrier based, and rcs is basically sms except beefed up a bit?! Bill B I wonder if they'll have the Android Auto problem fixed by then. Currently, many Auto users can't use Google Assistant to respond to SMS messages if Hangouts is disabled. I experienced this problem myself and sure enough, enabling Hangouts fixed it. https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/android-auto/Kxb3deoJU_Y;context-place=topicsearchin/android-auto/category$3Atroubleshoot%7Csort:relevance%7Cspell:false b_boogey_xl Why do I feel like the only one that saw this coming... BoFiS Booooo, Hangouts is still the best, with or without SMS, I just hope they don't kill it entirely since really NONE of the alternatives add up to as useful jonzey231 I'm sorry but this is utterly hilarious. Lol. I don't even get frustrated anymore. I just watch the ship sink a little more each time 😂 jonzey231 It's probably safe to assume they're weaning consumers off Hangouts by forcing them to use Messages. Maybe they've got all the major carriers on board and they're announcing universal RCS at I/O? Or maybe they're going to announce SMS integration in Allo? Duder12 Probably RCS for both. Corbin Davenport There's no such thing as "universal RCS." There's a Universal RCS Profile, which is what Google is endorsing, but each carrier has to add support for it individually. jonzey231 Jesus. I know. Lol. You're reading into it too much. I could've worded it better too. Maybe they're going to announce that multiple carriers have agreed upon a single or multiple interchangeable RCS profiles so nearly everyone here in the states can use it. Raiterio Patterson Google employee: How do we improve on Hangouts? Google engineer: take everything great people like about Hangouts, and make stand alone apps. Sundar: Genius! I love it! boop Each of those apps are far better at their single purpose than Hangouts was at doing everything, so maybe they're onto something. Matt Yeah, that's certainly the key to success in the future. People love specialized things and hate the convenience of 1 stop shopping. That's why places like Radioshack and Tower Records are putting Target and Walmart out of business. boop A false equivalence. When it comes to browsing, casual users want breadth where as more discerning users want depth. When it comes to taking action, it's a matter of simplicity vs complexity. More enthusiast users may want their apps filled to the brim with features whereas the casual user generally wants to just press the [insert action here] button. Matt Simplicity of use does not equate to simplicity of programing. The simplest action for a user is to use one app to take care of multiple types of messaging. Taking SMS away from Hangouts will not encourage people to use Hangouts, nor can I think of a circumstance where someone wouldn't use an app because it handled SMS, particularly when you can turn that option on and off. boop There's no evidence to back up Hangouts' labyrinth of communication tools as beneficial to the casual user and plenty to the contrary as low feature usage and reports of confusion were the cause of Hangouts being gutted and replaced by multiple single-purpose products. Matt First of all, there's a large gap between labyrinth of communication tools and containing SMS. Second, no evidence seems a little harsh. It's not overly strong evidence (but let's face it, no one runs double blind studies on stuff like this), but Allo does 1 thing and isn't matching Hangouts user numbers. And no, I don't say that "as though implementing multiple communication tools into a single app and having it presented to the user in a way that's by any means coherent isn't a monumental challenge." Acknowledging that challenge is implicit in my statement by saying that two are not the same. Making something simple to use can often be challenging, and making something that requires little effort to make will frequently lead to something that isn't simple to use. What you're failing to take into account is the simplicity that is inherent in using the same app for multiple, similar things, and the complexity that is using multiple apps to do the same thing in slightly different ways. boop Allo is a long-term project. It's meant to be a blank slate that evolves to suit the needs of its target audience rather than throwing everything in and hoping users can work it out. Also, Allo is coming post no one trusting Google messaging services. Regarding complexity, doing one thing well is indeed a considerable effort. Doing many things well components is not of a comparable level of effort that the decision to go that route can be made lightly and the individual components would be compromised one way or another. It also dilutes usage data for improving the each component. As for SMS in Hangouts specifically, there's just no reason for it to be there. Android Messages is Google's flagship app for SMS/RCS and since Hangouts for consumers is no longer in active development and thusly won't get RCS support it's best to just scrap the feature. Sachin Bahal Me: Hey Google, where's that SMS fallback for Allo? Google: soon™ Duder12 RCS fallback may avoid apples patents on SMS fallback. It's going to be glorious boop Actually, I believe they said they currently have no intent to put SMS in Allo. midas617 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4b1cf2f962fbf2426bc0ca42b5c2b6807811ead0eeb83065e29687abb85a0930.jpg JasonIvers Ugh... I use Hangouts for nearly all of my communication. This is going to be such a pain... I felt like I finally had all my stuff in one place... GV, carrier number, voice mail, instant messaging, pretty much everything but email, and I seldom use that any more. parkerjh Is there any solution now to get GV SMS and mobile SMS into one app? Ugh. Dee Mann No selw0nk You still can use Google Voice. James Donut Google wants us to download Messenger app for any SMS. Nuff said Sachin Bahal I thinking you mean Android Messages (the app formerly known as Google Messenger) chri5 So It's about what customers want h4rr4r This consumer wants a desktop client as well. If I am sitting in front of a monitor I should not have ro grab my phone to reply to people. Wes C Unless you're on fi. Sachin Bahal Just wait until Google announces another messaging app hp-fourtwenty Really, who didn't see this coming over a year ago??? John Camey Seriously, Google.... I've been with you thru thick and thin. From Nexus 1 to Pixel. From flashing, to compiling, to plain old stock Android. I'm not switching SMS apps, again. Hangouts already handles carrier SMS, g-voice, and as many Gmail/Hangouts accounts as I feel like linking. What f*cking problem are you trying to solve for me, now?? Honestly.... You seem to go out of your way to create problems where they don't already exist, without ever truly solving the glaring issues that could be easily resolved. Google.... You can pretty much go pound sand. Pixel might be my last Android device. I'm over it. selw0nk "The message states that Google Voice users will not be affected" John Camey Great. Gvoice will still work (for now). Currently, everything works. Why fix something that isn't broken? Matt They also said Hangouts for consumers wasn't going anywhere. Which is one of those technically true, but highly misleading. Monday: "Don't worry, your house isn't going anywhere." Tuesday: "We're taking everything that isn't the frame and foundation of your house and throwing it away." Troy Leonard I'm with you, iPhone 8 here I come. Thanks Google, now I feel dirty. There was a reason Trillian was popular on pc back in the early 2000's.it was one a client for all your I'm protocols. That's what I want for messaging on my phone, all my messages in place. DN I never, ever, thought I would say this, but I'm with you. I left Apple when they started the, 'let's sue everyone instead of innovate ourselves' movement. But, at least they have great hardware and a good plan for simple operation for users. I may actually consider trying the iPnone 8 if I can get over my ideological misgivings. Trooper311 Hey Google! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9d886ce93111d2961a08cb1d13b874d83e4e94c6dd94800325f54b6d3bdf4b6f.gif marcusmarcus2 Hey back, We know you like Lucille, so we decided to take that from you as well. Sincerely, Google. http://www.thewrap.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/supernatural-walking-dead.jpg Trooper311 Lol nice! AD1980 Well I'll stop using Hangouts finally. Not sure what service I will use, but I certainly will not use any Google product. History has taught me to expect Google apps to get a few years support and then be abandoned in favor of 'the next best thing '. I'm done playing. Giampi Personally after so many years I only used GTalk -> Hangouts (an not other services) I moved to Telegram. I use Messages for the very few SMS (mainly activation codes and bank payment confirmations) Dominic81 Oh Google.... Vedang Jadhav The direction is looking clear from here. Hangouts is going to be only focused for business and Allo will be going a full consumer chatting application. I feel by the end of this year, Allo will have a desktop app, will support SMS and will be what people expect Hangouts to be. If that happens, it can be a good move over the period of time, rather calling a hangouts for business different version and Only hangouts for consumers, which can be confusing. If that is the path, which i expect Google is taking, then it looks good to me. Or if they are actually confused, man, my so many words are just waste!! Impulse_Vigil Well the desktop client was already announced to be in the works... Hopefully it doesn't take all freaking year. SMS might be another story, AFAIK they've indicated it's not in the cards for the immediate future... Maybe they were coy and/or waiting for RCS, who knows tho, in the meantime it's a mess. lorenzobjuarez Um, yea except... this should have been done from Allo's DAY ONE!!! NOT A FREAKING YEAR LATER!!! tim242 It does not. chri5 Will it /automatically/ fallback to SMS if recipient doesn't have Allo like iMessage tim242 No. TypoCorrecto http://i.imgur.com/KdG7I7I.gif raitchison I already switched from Messenger to Hangouts, if I switch to Allo now they will just discontinue that in a couple years and try to force me onto something else for no good reason. I think I'll just minimize my pain and try one of the more popular 3rd party SMS apps. chri5 Pulse, by Klinker Apps (Talon Twitter client) is great SMS Josh Brown Signal is getting very good. sproc Problem is, you don't choose want you want, but what everyone else uses. And that's one of three: 1. ichat thanks to apple 2. whatsapp thanks to whatever and of course screwed over by facebook 3. SMS. No one aside from my tech nerds uses hangouts. Never has and never will. And one person probably tried allo and then never uses it (which also is a lot of ppl on whatsapp) Too bad apple users don't even know which one is working - which is the genius of it. Zorn85 The thing is, though, iMessage doesn't preclude you from messaging those people. Apple's Messages app has some actual sanity, and if you send a message to someone from an Android, it simply delivers it to them in the same exact way, just in green text and SMS form. When you are talking about Allo/Whatsapp, unless you live in China where everyone uses that, most people in the U.S. are exclusively reachable via text by their phone number. mxwp tech nerds and business use hangouts... but "normals" use hangouts chat too except they just think "is that the chat thing that opens when i log onto gmail?" for them. James Maccioli Ahh... Google Messaging apps and RCS. 2017's version of the Pixel's bezels. Let the boards go crazy! Ailín Ó’S What a mess. I'm glad WhatsApp is king in Europe, practically no one even bothered trying Hangouts anyway. Duder12 Which proves Googles entire point of moving it to business only... It never took off with consumers. Move on people. Ailín Ó’S Right, but Google being Google; I'm sure they'll mess that up too. jak_341 To think Google could have bought WhatsApp... Rod In Latin America too. Nick Cannon Been using Hangouts since it came out. Last app I used was Go SMS. Don't even know what's good anymore. Josh Brown Signal AdamFitton Signal. Wife and I made the switch to Signal a month ago. Better than the stock messaging app. Midnitte Hey, remember that time they told us in r/ProjectFi that SMS in Hangouts wasnt going anywhere? I guess they were half right. "No changes were announced for SMS integration with Project Fi, which allows texts and calls to go through Hangouts, but I'm almost certain that it will stay (at least as long as Voice integration does)." I'm not so certain. Hopefully they'll move it to using Messages thanks to RCS, I can only hope that happens soon because I'm sick of Hangouts and the path Google has chosen for it. boop Things are happening exactly as implied for the past year or so. Carrier SMS is going, Voice/Fi isn't. Midnitte You're insane if you think they won't eventually remove that too. Impulse_Vigil Well, at least they're leaving no doubt about what lane they're putting Hangouts in, so people can stop pining for the old Hangout... It's no longer on life support, it's dead, stick a fork in it. Now get to improving Allo darnit, I'm not 100% in the camp that thinks it needs SMS fallback but it definitely needs a desktop client if it's ever not gonna be one more niche chat app. The RCS/SMS saga is bigger than any one app's development tho, I feel like they're probably trying to see how it pans out before committing to fallback on Allo... Or it might just be easier to test on Messages. tim242 Hangouts is not dead... Impulse_Vigil It's dead in the consumer space... They wanna position it as a business tool. Except for Voice/Fi users that don't have a choice? Which is more than a little weird. b_freeman It's like Google is trying to get me to give up and just use Facebook Messenger. Impulse_Vigil Do people actually commit to one chat app? It's never seemed like I could consciously get people to make that choice... Family has always been SMS heavy, could never get them on Hangout yet a bunch jumped on Allo out of the blue, some jumped on other less popular IM... Meanwhile old high school & college friends have mostly relied on FB as people start changing #s etc over time... At the same time online buddies will use something else entirely. Yeah I can be a dick and say "not using that sorry", multiple apps never bothered me that much. Android is definitely weaker for not having some clear choices from the start tho, BBM and iMessages were both big selling points for their respective platforms. b_freeman I do...mostly. I'll use Facebook Messenger but have never had a desire to link my phone number to my account so I haven't tried SMS through it yet. As far as everything else goes everyone​ I know has text messaging through whatever carrier they use so SMS fallback has always seemed a must. I don't want to have to think about which app I need to use to talk to someone. tim242 The new GV app is terrible. It allows me to pick from my Google contacts, but doesn't shpw the name or picture in the threads. Still no VOIP. They added the ability tp delete a conversation, but not by long pressing. They are so ridiculous. Picaso86 VOIP is my biggest pet-peeve with the "new" Google Voice app. I need to be able to call over my data since I'm using my GV as my main number. Radio East PDX But see, if you just install "Hangouts Dialer," you can use VOIP!* * void where prohibited tim242 I know, but I am talking about the all new GV app. Orlando aka Pixel XL GAYYYYYY Kevin Davis I've never gotten the big deal with all this bullshit. Whatever carrier you were own, there is no problem sending SMS, MMS, or making all the voice calls that you want. What is the big deal with all these disparate messaging apps? rockstarr27 We should have a poll of what popular product google will abandon next year. Impulse_Vigil What are the front runners? G+? Tasks? (doesn't ever seem to get any love, much less an app, it's like the calendar's redheaded stepchild) Earth the app? Radio East PDX G+ isn't popular. What's left of it has long needed a trip behind the woodshed. brian. What is going on? DragoCubed Why does Google do this? *Sigh* TheDrunkenClam Hangouts used to also have a widget that was phenomenal. For some reason, Google is hell-bent on killing off their best messaging app yet. Just absolute stupidity. It is also the one app they had with the best name recognition. Just when Hangouts was starting to catch on, they decide to cripple and kill it. humulos Oh FFS BC Eh, I usually send SMS using the default messaging app on my phone and use Allo/FB Messenger for everything else. Though it's good to know what Google's plans are for Hangouts, I just find myself not caring as Hangouts has been dead to me for a while. Sir_Brizz They really need to state their plans for Fi. They are really leaving us hanging with this and it's pretty stupid and annoying. Grey How do people use Messaging apps? Here is how I use mine - get notification, open notification, reply, home button. Do you people live in your Messaging app? I don't see the benefit to having a single spot for your communications. And I don't understand what makes SMS so special - people talking about moving all your communication to Facebook - so you already have to use Facebook for some communication, why does SMS need to be in Hangouts? Every separate messaging system should be its own app. b_freeman I only use Facebook once in a blue moon, for people I don't have a phone number on. I could probably count on one hand how often I've used it in the last year. I use SMS everyday. I like things simple. I don't want to have to think about which app I need to use when I want to text someone, I also don't want a bunch of hardly used apps on my phone. Grey If you use SMS everyday then you're likely happy to have a SMS app. b_freeman I want an SMS app with iMessage capabilities like sync across all devices without a Bluetooth connection to my phone like some desktop apps. Eric Jones You don't ever send new messages, only replies? I have no idea what anyone uses, so being able to have SMS and hangouts in one app is much more convenient. I also like to have my SMS messages available on my phone, and through the browser. It's much more convenient. It wouldn't matter as much if Allo or Messages actually had a web interface. Grey But it sends either SMS or Hangouts and you don't know which they are using so how is that helpful? Eric Jones Because it's saved in my phone with their name on it.... I don't have to pay attention once it's been entered. JG I like having SMS in Hangouts for the simplicity. All of my messages are in one place. I don't need to open various apps to keep conversations going. It also helps to keep the phone a little tidier.. One less app in the ever growing app drawer or on the home screen. And granted, its only a few megabytes, but one app rather than two means I save a little storage. And for those less versed in technology (like my mother) it means you only have to learn one app. No need to stress over remembering if the person uses Hangouts or SMS - just find the conversation thread already started... Rod I guess most people message a lot nowadays. Friend groups, etc. James Maccioli Hate to say it.. Samsung still owns the carriers based off Android sales. So RCS will take off when Samsung is ready to roll out their RCS cloud platform and carriers will comply. It's supposed to be compliant to UP RCS so hope that means Pixel/Nexus users will benefit too.. DoctorRabbitfoot From what I understand of RCS, it shouldn't matter if carriers go Samsung or Google's RCS. They both support the same "universal profile". Yes, Samsung has huge market share, but from my understanding, that part of RCS should be seamless and ultimately invisible to the end user. Just need commitments from Verizon who has been silent on the matter. And of course, Apple will probably never comply (or at least not for 2 years...when they invent the iMessage for everyone lol) James Maccioli I'm guessing TMo goes with Samsung's platform being they were the only US carrier listed on Samsung's release statement. AT&T and Verizon will probably sit back and see who will fork out the most money. A lot of data to be had by these cloud platforms cabbieBot I am posting in these here comments so that when the due diligence of digital archeology is performed someone with real eyes will realize real lies. I am here. This is a time capsule. In the year 2017, Google finally let the shoe drop and closed the loop on the original lie: "Voice is the future of Hangouts". #meta Eric Jones As soon as I read this, I immediately contacted Project Fi support. They said: "That change will not affect Project Fi users." I suspect that this only applies to G-Suite customers, and not to the general hangouts app. Edited to add quotation marks. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman The "improvements" to the Voice app are mostly skin deep. I switched back for a week and went screaming back to Hangouts. Missing so many basic functions. Radio East PDX I've been a Voice user for years and the new Voice app is half-baked as fuck. If you use the web app and need to change a setting, there's literally a "switch to legacy Google Voice" because they didn't put 90% of the settings, and half of everything else, in the new app. It looks nicer, that's about it. Maybe Google could, I don't know, try finishing products before shipping them? Carson Saldanha Just a sign guys that Google's gonna have some more messaging announcements at Google I/O Gabriel Macys Yeah, TWO MORE messaging apps. Rob H. Yea good move when they can't even include SMS support in Allo. This just gives me a reason no not want to support Android going forward. I do not want to use multiple apps for messaging. Edward Palomares Jr Way too many too choose from and not even including who your manufacture is Google needs to get ahold of this,I've never seen anything like this before.Google needs 1 sms including wifi only just like iMessages..The manufacturer company's need to rejoice and make 1 sms or Google needs to just have 1 ship with phones..Such a hassle I want to use Allo but people won't change from Samsung sms Max Johnson Hate to say this, but this seems a lot like what Apple would do, I wonder if that's what Google is going for now. Nathan J Why should Google cover texting when so many apps do it better? Google should just buy Textra. IIRC that was the best one when I last used an Android phone. That and one other. You have no shortage of choices. No one really needs IM anymore. iMessage was such a big deal when texting plans were a thing. Now that all the major carriers just have unlimited SMS/MMS, why bother? Rich content? Okay, that's fair, but it's not essential. Texting is for text, and anything else, I just use Facebook Messenger or Telegram, but I could live without both. TechNoBull Oh man....I hope Textra does not sell out to Goople.....then the app would change and die. Textra saved me from all this Goople messenger BS. JD You make it sound like Google would make Textra Better. Look at the history of Google, they don't make the things they buy better. They Gut them, leave them a useless husk of what they used to be, dying in the gutter and then implement what was once great; really half assed in to 6 different really really bad Google Products. Then they shut those products down when it seems like the silverlining is coming and roll out 6 more half assed products to replace 1 half ass product. They use an exponential half-assing algorithm for product development. Cam Lawrence This was the right step. Hangouts has been a mess for a while. Even when it was fully functional and got the material update it was super buggy and slow and video never worked right for me. At one point I stopped getting notifications completely and couldn't ever fix it. Allo and Duo both have promise. I wish they'd give Allo SMS, but if they continue to add features (web, integration w/duo, backup, etc) then it will be a legit option. They're on the right trajectory and they just have to be patient and put time, effort and features into both apps, while streamlining everything better. tim242 Google employee spotted. ccccc https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/edcb9f4bafa1958d1cdf972c9ad669bdf661e6cb6c16c08c9723253770b6e6b4.png this should be included with any announcement of google products Jayson Stephenson They are removing a standard, not adding one. I fail to see how this applies to this article. JG For a brief moment, I had an admittedly very unlikely (near 0.00% possible) thought... Maybe they're shutting down Hangouts SMS so they can transition it to Allo SMS... But... Google wouldn't have any involvement with sending SMSs (except for Project Fi customers) so its not cause they'll be re-purposing the servers from one chat app to the other... I know htey see it as a step backwards for some reason, but I would still like to see Google add SMS to Allo, at least as a fall back. When I send a new message, have the app quickly check the registered users list. If I'm sending the message to another Allo user, it sends via Allo. If that person isn't an Allo user (or there isn't a data connection) send it via carrier SMS. That way, the message is automatically sent via the method with the most encryption. SMS is clear text, while Allo messages are at least in transit encrypted. boop The problem is that iMessage works because of how iOS works. The SMS fallback solves 100% of edge cases for both parties regardless of their device--you literally cannot send an iMessage to a device that isn't configured to have everything work perfectly. SMS fallback in Allo solves few edge cases, does nothing for most and may even cause issues. There are a lot more variables and configuration falls in the user's lap--not only is there no guarantee that everything would work out neatly, it's likely that it wouldn't. It would add unnecessary complication to the development process to ultimately accomplish nothing. James Woods WhatsApp! This SMS integration thing, is strictly an American thing, and a very lame one. If you are on Android, WhatsApp should be the first app you download like everyone else in the world. SMS, is only for talking to iPhone ppl. Gabriel Macys this is why imessenger beats the shit out of Google, who has six different apps to do the job of one. If their main competitor can make one app for all messaging forms, what is preventing one of the largest programming companies in the world from doing it Rod Last I saw, Facetime was a separate app from iMessage. JD Well yes but the integration to jump to it is 2 presses away and the video calling works much better than Hangouts. I just wish They would fix hangouts. Rod Hangouts is gonna be phased put. The new contender is Duo. JD Sadly I know. I just hoped they would have fixed Hangouts. I had hopes the video calling would have been as good as Facetime. Even Duo isn't as good as facetime, in quality and reliability. Dn Bro Last I heard it was because of some patent that apple had that prevented them from adding SMS directly into Google Allo Rod WhatsApp is terrible. Wish Telegram was the standard. Bala for gods sake just merge android messaging, messenger, hangouts ,allo, duo into one single app and bring it in the name of gtalk !!!! Alvar Lagerlof SMS support in apps is just stupid! Thanks! marcusmarcus2 I'm not impressed http://i2.cdn.turner.com/dr/hln/www/release/sites/default/files/imagecache/breaking_news_896/2012/08/10/mckayladisappointed.jpg Jay LOL sms. Rod As a non-USA resident, it's actually funny to see so many people bothering with SMS and whatnot. Lol I don't even remember the last time I sent/received a SMS. (and they're free on all carriers by now) Francesdvargas Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dz175c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !dz175c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs465DirectPrivateGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dz175c:....,....... Wandile Tembe I really do not understand. Hangout had everything going. Why slowly shut it down. I loved the idea of using one app for voice, sms, video call and IM. DarrenSaw I'm as big a fan of Google as anyone, but their whole messaging strategy is a nonsensical mess. Michael D. Android is the most used smartphone platform. Most people using android have a google account. All of these people could automatically be using hangouts and never bother with anything else. And yet Google managed to create such a mess and make people use stupid alternatives. Excellent work Google, thanks. Matthias VW Any alternative worth looking at? Radio East PDX Signal. givitumibeybi Come on guys don't be so mean... They are most probably just trying to reduce the app size so they can have more space for "2 new sick fathers day emojis". blindexecutioner Does the voice app send messages over wifi or does it require cellular data? It's not really an option if it requires cellular. Radio East PDX It uses wifi when you're on wifi. joe huard Doesnt google voice have video chat or will they like hangouts was? 4Ui812 Don't worry folks it'll be back in a future update. It's the Google way. TechGuy22 Because why not. They gotta force you to use allo rohiggidy Google is doing this to push carrier RCS. Its a deal they made. The same deal which allowed Android Pay to be a system app and default on all Android devices. Android Messages is the solution to Androids problem not hangouts or Allo. This is an Android problem. Imessage for IOS and RCS for Android its that simple. The carriers forced google to create the google messenger app in 2014. We all know this. So why is this shocking. Allo doesnt matter. RCS aka Android messages matters [email protected] Well, I go with Signal then once and forever. Signal does everything Hangouts did before and does - and all real encrypted. So: No real loss. shaku Hangouts dead? Now I'm not sure which app is default app for SMS for my nexus Google Allo? Google messages? JD Signal? F4LL0U7 This is ridiculous. A disappointing and unnecessary change. I loved being able to do all my messaging through one app (Hangouts, G Voice texts, G Voice voicemail, carrier SMS/MMS). That was the biggest strength of Hangouts over any other app in any other ecosystem. Now for the couple of messages per month I receive via my carrier number, I have to have an entire other app installed. Moronic. Next they'll probably remove Google Voice integration. V2THE1 I'm irritated with Google over all of these messaging apps. James Bray https://68.media.tumblr.com/f8d306007614d5c2bdddd86fdfbc94e0/tumblr_nna5xeJO681t9sksvo1_400.gif Manikandan Guru Fuck you Google create812 Google Fi integration with Hangouts, and being able to send SMS/MMS from desktop is simply amazing. I haven't had but one issue with it, and use both desktop app, and phone app all day long. If they end up pulling this integration without an equivalent and/or better service to replace it, it may just be the single worst thing Google's ever done to me. Nick Man, I hope Project Fi users are unaffected. Receiving and sending texts from my desktop client of Hangouts has been a staple feature for me ever since Project Fi first started. reggjoo Hangouts, if not f** with and was just updated, with the new features that google's various other "new" Apps have, basically would be better in the long run instead of this mess that google's making. Stick with something that works, and that people, from the advanced, to the novice can use and understand. I'd rather have a all-in-one app, instead of a separate mish-mash of separate apps##, that are bloated, stay in memory, waste battery, and take space in the desktop, or app drawer. Google's a great company, but geez! Keep it simple for this! Tiuri Elvander Recently I just don't understand Google anymore. JD It's ok I'll be Removing Google Support in all of my messaging needs on May 22. headpiece747 I have always used Hangouts and nothing else because it did everything I needed SMS, Gmail integration and MMS. The thing I will miss most is getting my SMS on my desktop in Gmail an responding from there. I know there are probably apps and programs that can do all this. Now will have to research this and then show my wife and mom how to use them since I got them all on Hangouts. Rob But sms never showed up in web version or synced across devices ePoch 270 Mine did. For a long time I had an office with no cell coverage and did all my sms communication with web/chrome app. osgoodschlotter After 7 years of being a diehard Nexus user, I bought my first iPhone on Monday. Not thrilled about it, but I'm less thrilled about the GVoice, Hangouts, Allo, Duo, Messenger, Chat, Meet, fiasco. Ugh, and now this news. I almost feel like my switch is justified/vindicated. Google... what happened to you? Hangouts was THE BEST messenger, and you got convinced by iMessenger-internet-critics that it wasn't. Shame on you. Joe I did the same a few months ago. I just dont trust google to create a single messaging client that will touch imessage for a long time. I still do use mostly google apps on my iphone however. osgoodschlotter Same here... my iPhone is all Google Apps. From Chrome, to Gmail, to Google Photos, to Google Maps, to Google Analytics, to Google Keep, and everything in between. Although, I must admit --- this iMessage app is pretty damn nice. :| Zachary Dunn This is effing ridiculous and infuriating. They made an app that could handle all of my conversations, but now are stripping it for parts. Does this affect use of Hangouts web client for SMS? I'm a Fi user and can't access Google Voice. voice.google.com and google.com/voice both redirect me to project fi site which doesn't handle SMS kalehv For Fi, you can still continue using Hangouts. Fi/GV SMS in Hangouts are transported over data connection unlike other carriers. I wish I could use GV app too - Another Fi user. Chris Sanner dammit google....be glad I'm as invested in your ecosystem as I am because all this jerking me around with how I do things is getting really old. I'm already wary whenever you introduce a new product - the chances of you pulling the plug is just too high for me to be willing to invest much effort in it. oh hey, maybe that's why part of why Allo is seeing such slow adoption. that and the huge missing features. Lee For Pete's sakes just use Open Whisper System's Signal App for your SMS communications already. Just kidding use whatever you like. Personally I tried using SMS on Hangouts and it just didn't suffice for me but I could totally see the advantages of having everything in one app (ie. Google Voice messages, SMS messages, and Hangout messages). Plus the less number of apps you run on your mobile device the greater free space on your device. [A]dri[A]n Umm, WHAT? Haha Like, why? Jesus Christ Google... SyCoREAPER UPDATE for Project Fi Users only SyCoREAPER 11:30 AM I was hoping you could relay a message to another team as this directly affects my Project Fi experience. Alex11:30 AM What do you mean? SyCoREAPER 11:31 AM Hangouts ability to use SMS was crucial for my Project Fi existence and happiness. Some brain dead iphone user at Google has signed off on removing Hangouts ability to send and receive SMS SyCoREAPER 11:32 AM Hangouts was the only app that I was reliably receiving messages with on Fi Alex11:32 AM Project Fi users can still send SMS messages through Hangouts and will not be affected by these changes. selonmoi Great! I'm really looking forward to having to use two different apps for SMS messages through my Voice and carrier numbers. It makes so much sense to have Voice SMS in the same app as Hangouts messages and carrier SMS in a different app. Keep up the great work, Google. Volodesi "No changes were announced for SMS integration with Project Fi, which allows texts and calls to go through Hangouts, but I'm almost certain that it will stay (at least as long as Voice integration does)." It better! I pretty much only do my SMS messaging through Hangouts on PC via Project Fi. DirkBelig Whew! That update was exactly what I was coming here to freak out about as a Project Fi user who has both Hangouts and SMS-only contacts and used his PC and Nexus 6P to communicate with them. tyb82 UNBELIEVABLE Thomas It's time to wait and see what apple will make this year. Google is getting more and more retarded. Insight Spinner Once upon a time Google tested a tool that revolutionized work and personal communications... Then they killed it. Oh wait... We're not taking about Wave? Craig Kendall Tonight, my Nexus 5x running on 7.1 (I'm in the beta program) on Google Fi prompted me to select an app other than Hangouts to send/receive SMS. I was so disappointed. Back to the Android Messages app for SMS and Hangouts for... well, hangouts. So sad. Oh, and I got prompted to do an OTA update to the latest 7.1.2 relase... just under 26mb download and installation completed fairly quickly. Good bye unified message app :( Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 22 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 98 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 104 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 114 queries | 0.623s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 50 Plus 1 on G+ 96 Share on Facebook 84 Share on Twitter Total Shares230 Device Updates Downloads Google News Nexus 6P Nexus Devices Nougat 7.0/7.1 Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs Google's Android beta program allows the more intrepid among you to take a first crack at new updates, but it can be a little irksome to then move to the final build. For example, the 7.1.2 testers are still running the beta while the final version has rolled out to non-testers. Now, it looks like Google has started updating the beta build to final, but only for the Nexus 6P so far. The update clocks in at a mere 25.4MB, which isn't surprising. You're only going from 7.1.2 to a slightly different 7.1.2. The build number when all's said and done will be N2G47H. That's the same build that rolled out to non-testers. There should not be any feature differences between the two versions, but being on the right build means you'll be able to get OTA updates going forward. We don't yet know if this is rolling out to everyone, but check your update menu to be safe. If it's not there, we've got the URL of the OTA on Google's servers. Feel free to sideload it if you can't wait, but remember this is only for the 6P. Hopefully other devices on the beta get updates soon. Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs We got numerous reports earlier than phones were being offered another update to the beta build after installing the final one. Google neglected to flip some switch on its end to prevent phones from getting the beta OTA again, but that should be fixed now. End of Update Thanks: Rik Tags android 7.1.2 android beta beta device updates Google nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story More photos of the Moto C and C Plus leaked, as well as the E4 and Z2 Force This Is The Most Recent Story Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rasty++ ...after 25mb.. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fe73c9b1e0cff7af50d8d17b4e2cd375107865d458b52c568519d9bc3306769a.png EvilHowl That's the size for updating 7.1.1 to 7.1.2. 25MB is the size of the update from 7.1.2 beta 2 to stable. rasty++ 4 update in 1 hour... 25..1313..25..1313.. fuck google ..and now 25 Laraib Zafar Khan I think it's in a loop? Because i am downloading this once. rasty++ yep.. download 4 times same otas Daniel Keeble Just got this 1.3GB update on my 6P as well. rasty++ and aftet 25 again.. and after 1313 again.. again again again CyrealKiller Same here. JD 1313 Deadend Drive? Manard After taking this update I immediately get offered a new beta-N2G47I. Xious That's the same beta build that is on my Pixel. wjrandon Beta for life. x8123999 Pixel C just got it, too. Build N2G47D. Brian Langlois I got this update. then promptly got the notification that the system update NPG47I was available. Installed that. Then promptly got the notification that This update (N2G47H) was available. It just keeps prompting to update inthenickoftime4 Same MichaelFranz same, but i didnt install the NPG47I. victor sanchez same here. Серёжа Дураков same Jean-Pierre Tavan Same... VAL Same here, weird Brianna D Green Mine did this as well but once your on the (N2G47H), just reset the phone and then go into the update screen in settings and the (NPG47I) update notification disappears. At least it did for me. Lol. James Brown What do you mean by "reset the phone." I have rebooted and gone into settings/system updates but I still get the prompt to download the previous version. Brianna D Green I rebooted after the new update and then once back in the phone, went to the update screen and notification disappeared after hitting check for update. James Brown Didn't work for me. Minty Yeah I think it's happening to everyone. I just let it put me back on to stable again and then unenrolled from the beta program so I would stop getting them. T4rd It's times like this when I'm glad I'm just on Pure Nexus ROM. =p Vedang Jadhav This is new loop man, If you are not getting bootloop, Google is ensuring you atleast get this loop!! danthepotato Thank god I'm not the only one... I tried using the chat help on the settings. The guy basically told me I should opt out of beta, but I don't want to wipe my phone... JamesBennett360 If you update then opt out it will not wipe your device. I did it myself Anuwat Jaiyen I have to opt out then restart my phone. Super Pete Same happened to me. If you're on the stable build when you unenroll, nothing happens. No notification, no wipe... Good to go VAL just unenrrolled the beta program and won´t show up F4LL0U7 Same. I'll just deal with the update icon for now until they fix it. Not interested in unenrolling and wiping my phone. rasty++ no wipe if you have n2g... Ronald Yup same issue, did the update got the notification downloaded the NPG47I but have not installed it yet Josh Hamer Yup, same thing happening to me Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google employs only the best and brightest. André Pudiesi Same here. Final, then prompted me the Beta again. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b59969b13e033f7b043512da60a6f94086726e1588fc48382fcdd40bcad52140.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0da4868bacccbb1d7ce49e3c804e23e92904bd5251a4eebb9a7de486b9d3aa17.png Curt Same. LondonLeedsFan Right.... So i got the stable build (25mb), and the beta build 1313.6mb straight after... I'm confused?! Midnitte Want the next update? Now, always have an update available! Chisel I'm also getting the NPG47I «--» N2G47H loop. Weird. phineasjw Yep. Same thing. Took the opportunity to leave the Beta program. Just make sure you leave when running N2G47H. tonyc That's the same thing that keeps happening to me. Garry I just cleared the app data for Google Play Services and so far that has alleviated the problem. Artem Russakovskii Google fixed the endless loop, guys. https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus6P/comments/6504su/anyone_else_get_a_stable_712_update_then/dg6oj2l/. Djakdekiel ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Same update for Nexus 5x alexus after I pulled this update, I got another one right after (build NPG471) Mitch G yeah, it keeps pushing old build on top of new build TxReplay Got it on Nexus 5X too ! clay hope this fixes the shutdowns when there is clearly battery left. my phone shuts down when it hits 15% left and wont turn back on until i charge K9 A bit off topic i haven't recieved assistant yet and i was thinking it was cause i was in beta. I just got the stable 7.1.2 but still no assistant. Services apps is up to date but nothing still. Wht shd i do? Carson Saldanha Is your Google app on English (US)? K9 Yes it is Carson Saldanha rip idk lol rasty++ stop ota please ..8 ota in 2 hours.. -.- Kyle Smith Got this on Nexus Player also, I like the new update animation and loading bar Ernie If you update to N2G47H and you are on the beta program. You will have to unenroll from the beta. rmagruder Just spotted this and unenrolled from the beta and annoying update message went away. Guess I'll stay out of the beta until they actually push out the next beta. 2 Men-E ...sooooo...after the comments, and selecting "Download", but before selecting "Install"...I shouldn't complete the update to this "final" 7.1.2 build [being that my 6P will just do OTA loops] 🤔 rmagruder Good LORD, Google. I just got this on my 6P. It updated the phone, and after rebooting with the final 7.1.2, it promptly gave me a new System update available message wanting to install a beta version of 7.1.2 (HPG47I) at a hefty cost of 1313.6Mb. What the heck? That was what I was JUST ON before getting the FINAL OTA. George Hadjidakis Just opt out from the beta program then back in and then out again and it will go.. Bruno Montini To everyone getting the update prompt again and again, clear cache partition, it fixed it for me I also left the beta before clearing cache Lateef Alabi-Oki If you "Check For Update" on the Nexus 5x you might get it too. I got it that way. Tim Meader Once you have the official update (installed) and have booted back up... just IGNORE the prompt to update back to the beta version. Go into the Beta Program settings and leave the program. Problem solved. F4LL0U7 I'm not looking to factory reset OR leave the beta program though... I'd imagine they have to fix this if so many people are getting it, right? Tim Meader There's no need to be in the beta program right now since there's no actual beta. You can easily go back to it at any time via the same method, that's not an issue. It takes 5 seconds to sign back up. As I said, if you've already installed the release update and rebooted, leaving the beta won't factory reset anything. F4LL0U7 Oh cool, I didn't realize you could opt out without wiping once you were on stable. Thanks! Razed Does this address the 6P battery issues? F4LL0U7 I just got updated to the final 7.1.2 build on my Nexus 5X (N2G47F). Same thing, around 25MB. And then a funny thing happened. I immediately was prompted to download and install the beta 2 (NPG47I). I am ignoring it for now, because I would imagine that installing that will knock me back to the pre-release version of 7.1.2, which I don't want. Anyone else getting this? TBBT+HIMYM The same thing with me. I should try to get out of beta probably. TBBT+HIMYM Yes. It works. F4LL0U7 But you probably had to wipe your phone when exiting the beta, right? TBBT+HIMYM No. Ignore the beta version message. Exit the beta and the message just disappears by itself. Wipe is not necessary. F4LL0U7 Awesome, thanks! danthepotato Opting out once you are on N2G47H solves the problem, without a pesky notification or need to wipe your phone Jacob Mcalister Tattoos I'm still on the beta on pixel xl.. anyone else like this? el_smurfo How do you have a 6P with the battery so low to update, yet it hasn't long since shut off prematurely at 30-40%? noneofthem Thanks, everybody. I was afraid to be the only one with that issue. I hope Google will find a solution to this fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google phone users are always bragging that they're the first to get updates. Now Google has taken it to the next level. Google phone users are the first to get into a continuous, never-ending update loop. Callanish Pure hyperbolic bullshit. There never was a never-ending update loop. All anyone had to do was pay attention to what was going on with the updates and have an incline of knowledge about what it means to be enrolled in the beta program. They'd have seen that the patch was upgrading them to the stable 7.1.2 release. They would have then seen, after rebooting, that there was a glitch with a beta installation trying to get them to install itself over a stable version. Beta 101 enrollment and research would have told them that if they were on a stable version, unenrolling from the beta program would not delete their data and any notification asking them to revert back to a beta version would be gone once unenrolled. That would have eliminated something easily solveable and have avoided giving someone like you a smug 'sky is falling' response making it seem like all this was a big deal. If you're going to be a guinea pig, by running a beta version on a phone, you've got to take some responsibility when things go pear shape and at least use common sense and learn the basics of being part of the beta program beforehand so you can at least recognize when, in this case, the user is causing the loop themselves by continuously downloading whatever the Google Notification is telling them to download and not paying attention to the fact that they are installing a beta version over a stable version creating this self inflicted problem. Charlie I have the same issue. I was confused a bit too. But I think what is going on is the final build date is after the beta 2 build date. So to the system it looks like your not on the latest build. That is why we could not side load the OTA without opting out of beta program because if your on beta 2 it looks like your on the latest build. I don't know why they do that but this is not the first time it has happened. Usually they fix the issue before the OTA is sent out so we don't get the notification for the beta build though. Lucas Cannon 5X as well, received an update stating it would be build N2G47H, then after reboot says build N2G47F. Andre Laurence I just got the final version update. It was a flawless install. FCEEVIPER I installed the OTA NPG47I, then I turned away from my phone and saw the phone was asking for a restartinstall but I did not notice that the restart would be installing NPG471. Maybe I should be paying more attention. : Should I opt out of beta to get the stable build? I'm confused. Erroneus When you have the final version installed (N2G47H), opt out of the beta program. That solves it. KosmoCrisis Me too. Nexus 6p on Project Fi, no different. This type of loop is not fun. onekage Thought it was strange to receive a beta update after receiving the​ final version I had been waiting for, for over a week. Let's hope battery life is a little better... But with a 25mb update I don't have much hope. Hopefully they do something cool with O. BBpost As someone mentioned below, I cleared out the cache for Google Play Services while on N2G47H and rebooted. This fixed the constant update cycle bug. Alvin persaud Install the "h" update first then "I" update (large)when it prompts u back to update to "h" just restart the phone and it should be good to go. Dan Zunko Nexus 5x just got the update. No loop so far. M.R. Betz 5X is up too. N2G47F for my 5X. jdawg0024 Google is also updating the Nexus 5x beta to final as well. I got the update just an hour ago TheDrunkenClam I have tried three times to install this OTA using Flashfire and cannot for the life of me get it to work. Flashfire detects it just fine, but once it fails, I don't know where the OTA resides after it is downloaded so I cannot find where it is to get it to try again (Flashfire doesn't automatically see it on the second attempt after that initial attempt for some reason). So I have been opting out of beta and then back in for it to re download the OTA and thus have Flashfire recognize. 1. Where does the OTA resides after it's downloaded? 2. Any settings in Flashfire that I should look for? idna As far as I can remember, the OTA resides in /data/ota_package (N5X, but it should be the same). And FlashFire can detect it if it's there. But in the past I noticed another location (complicated path, don't remember it now) had been used and indeed, it was not visible for FlashFire - and when I pointed the program to this location it didn't detect anything. What I would recommend is to simply grab the 7.1.2 factory image, opt out of the beta program and simply write this (factory) image with FlashFire, of course without overwriting the userdata partition. That's what I did when the images where released some weeks ago, I couldn't wait for Google to push this special OTA for those of us using the beta program. lomsha The notification finally went away on O. Margaritas Ante Porcos Nexus 6p owners, don't rush to update. My 6p's battery dies within few moments after I've updated from 7.1.1. to 7.1.2. You know how Google reacts to this. Google ignores anything. Morenicano In celebration of fixing the update loop, Google has decided to make another message app 2 Men-E For some reason my 6P is no longer receiving this final OTA. I downloaded it early today, but did not install it. Since then, I rebooted my 6P, and the install notification went away, and now when I check for updates, nothing is there. AnthonyRyan89 I got the final build update today and updated it then an hour later I got another update for the beta again. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 22 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 108 queries | 0.440s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
blog news articles page Contact us This I Believe This I Believe articles Gcse geography coursework analysis of the road GCSE | Resources - Teach PE GCSE Date: 2017-04-13 03:37 More videos «Gcse geography coursework analysis of the road» Greenfieldgeography - IGCSE Rivers and GCSE Rivers GCSE and IGCSE Geography - Leeson House GCSE Geography - Coursework - Internet Geography | home The path can be elevated above the ground and edited in a number of ways. Experiment by selecting the path in the Places panel, right clicking and selecting Properties Style, Color and Altitude. Paths can also be drawn to represent desire lines (where people have come from) or isolines (lines joining places of equal value for example contours or isochrones) Greenfieldgeography - IGCSE Rivers and GCSE Rivers Google Maps at different scales You can open Google Maps from within Google Earth using this icon. It's possible to compare a Google Map side by side with an OS Map at the excellent Where's The Path website GCSE and IGCSE Geography - Leeson House If controlled assessment work has been lost or damaged at the centre, requests for special consideration can be made on-line through e-AQA , after the deadline for submitting marks. GCSE Geography - Coursework - Internet Geography | home Download controlled assessment tasks from Secure Key Materials on e-AQA. For guidance on any of the tasks, please contact your Controlled Assessment Adviser. The satellite imagery from Google Earth can be used to identify land use. Overlay a grid pattern onto Google Earth to estimate area coverage. A set of grid lines corresponding to the Ordnance Survey are available here. (clicking the link will open them in Google Earth if you have it installed - check the Places panel.) Zoom in until the grid pattern is composed of 6km squares. Another hint- turn off Terrain from the Layers panel. This document has been reviewed by one of our specialist student essay reviewing squad. Read the full review on the document page. GCSE Revision and Teaching Resources section including basic notes on Anatomy & Physiology, Health & Fitness as well as lesson ideas and worksheets to download. Click to create a node and drag to create a line. Right clicking a node will delete it. The thickness and transparency of the path can be altered afterwards. Simply locate the new path in the Places panel, right click and choose Properties Basic concepts of GCSE Health and Fitness explained including effects of exercise, benefits of exercise, endurance, speed, flexibility and more. Consider using a series of Google Maps at different scales to locate your study area. Don't forget that you can enter a postcode to look up places. «Gcse geography coursework analysis of the road» in pictures. More images «Gcse geography coursework analysis of the road». Contact | RSS feed | sitemap.xml | News
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 58 Plus 1 on G+ 259 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares382 News Videos Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Always-listening voice assistants, like Google Now/Assistant or Alexa, can't really tell the difference between you talking and someone else (unless you have Trusted Voice enabled on Android). Maybe you've watched a few tech videos where someone said "Ok Google," and your phone started talking back. Burger King seems to be the first company to purposely trigger Google Now/Assistant in a television ad. In the below video, a Burger King employee says "Ok Google, what is the whopper burger," right before the ad ends: As mentioned above, turning on Trusted Voice on your Android devices gets around this, but the Google Home has no such option. Searching Google Trends for "what is the whopper burger" shows a graph of Burger King's victims: If you wanted to be funny and edit the Whopper page on Wikipedia to say something else, the page has already been locked due to vandalism. It also looks like someone from Burger King changed the page immediately before rolling out the ad to list the ingredients at the top (which has since been reverted). Let us know in the comments below if you've seen the ad on TV. Source: Buzzfeed Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Google disabled the voice command for Burger King's commercial 😂😂 (it previously worked) pic.twitter.com/xDWF4wDS1Z — Niv Dror (@Nivo0o0) April 12, 2017 End of Update Tags burger king google assistant google now google search hotword OK Google okay google video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon Galaxy Note5 and S6 edge+ receiving Android 7.0 Nougat updates ... Next Story Qualcomm ordered to pay out nearly a billion dollars to BlackBerry over royalty dispute Trending 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments TechGuy22 ah Sup Hah. That's actually quite smart. MJ Pissing off potential customers is smart? Nicholas C They will get tons of free attention from this. So yea. Sup People get pissed off so easily :/ EowynCarter Well, yeah, I don't like ads. So intrusive ad like this tends to get the opposite effect. MisterAlex If I'd theoretically been watching cable television (which I don't subscribe to) and this ad came on and triggered my phone and/or Home, I'd be far more amused than irritated. And it's not like Google would have ever let it last long, anyway. Impulse_Vigil It's amusing for all of 5s, sets a bad precedent and encourages a drove of similar stunts tho. Ryan Johnson Yeah what a shame that people get pissed off from having some advertisement take advantage of their devices to read marketing BS at them. Not to mention editing & hassling Wikipedia to have the first paragraph say what they want. Everyone already knows what the Whopper is anyway AndroidUser00110001 Funny... Kieron Quinn In before someone really good at SEO makes a site which takes over the card read out by the Home to say something against BK Kieron Quinn Or, as it's been done before, simply edit the wikipedia page at the right time so the spider resets the text to say it Corbin Davenport The Whopper page is already edit locked. Kieron Quinn Shame. Will have to be an elaborate SEO trick then My1 it's semi-locked only though. meaning only registered members can edit iirc. Pessimippopotamus Google Home needs trained voice recognition like yesterday. the_secret The article does mention "trusted voice" can be enabled, like today! Suicide_Note Not on Google Home devices it can't. EcE Reading and comprehension is hard. nxtiak Trusted voice is only on phones. UniBroW Beta product is Beta ilovetesla this is not stupid , its smart guys EcE It's bullshit. MisterAlex No, it's brilliant. It is obvious from the onset that the voice response would be disabled on the back-end by Google—so it would, at worst, be a nuisance for Home owners for a very brief time. But we're all watching the video and discussing it. This very short, very low-budget video has more than done its job. EcE Sure, it got people talking about it but I'm sure everyone who got caught off guard by it went running to their nearest BK. Marcelove If you are an idiot, then sure it is bullshit. EcE aaaaand blocked Powsniffer0110 Wahhh JD Stupid like a fox. Kwetsima Maluleke Hmm. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd13dabd7f3d4c34cb64cf739e07667abaae63d75d00f8bde0825356ec5533c0.png Dallas King https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9e0913e1541e50871ddd3c59f560aa29f35950c5071a10e04a0b71e1f539d4e6.jpg MJ It should be illegal (but it is not nor will ever be) and Google should do something about it? The only thing they can do and should do is allow owners to change the activation phase or enable Trusted Voice on the Android Home. David Brideau LOLLLLL! mondeca Thank goodness I always fast-forward through commercials. deprofeet Brilliant... mondeca Of course this triggered an edit war on the Wikipedia page for the Whopper. JD Soon all commercials will just be "Ok Google, tell me about x" Syukri Lajin should we blame them? or Google's suck-ass voice recognition? ilovetesla turning on trusted voice is the only way out of this issue but AP says home doesnt support trusted voice Biff Wonsley Another way is to let us change the Google in OK Google to Jarvis, Beavis, Nadine, whatever. Google deserves this for not letting us customize. ilovetesla saying OK Google sucks, custom trigger voices must be made zurcaled11 This is an evolution of the Google Home Beauty and the Beast ad. Google definitely is in on it. And unfortunately it makes me want the Google Home less. demarcmj Google was not "in on it" (per the source article) But I agree stuff like this only makes me less interested in a Google Home (even though my interest level was very low to begin with). zurcaled11 You are right, the update to the article definitely makes it clear Google was not OK with it. If you want ads pushed through Google Home, you apparently have to go through Google! demarcmj Very interesting. They moved pretty fast on that. Andy J As they should of, this ad was harmless - but the next one - might not be. And as people often leave the room during adverts - a lot of people wouldn't necessarily be there to witness it adding a calendar entry or adding something to a shopping list - or further into the future - record "exciting new program" on Thursday. John Samuel αΩ It was only a matter of time. Michael Crider Quarter-pound beef patty, lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, mayo, ketchup, sesame seed bun. Bullshit you can't tell me that in 15 seconds. ilovetesla laziness at its best Brandon David Obert Isn't that a Big.... You know what never mind ilovetesla r u the real Michael Crider Michael Crider No, I kidnapped him and put him in a well in my basement and now I'm wearing his skin. ilovetesla i knew it...calling 108 ....wait ...i cant do it accessing ur disqus profile throws a 404 paxmos OK Google, what happened to Michael Crider? Carson Saldanha Nope, he's an imposter using polyjuice potion ilovetesla why dot you have the AP staff badge near your disqus name your companions artem and jeff has them Michael Crider I don't work here anymore. ilovetesla nnnnnnooooooo.....i didnt know that man........ roberto.elena Don't ex-cops get ex-cops' badges? Michael Crider I wish I could customize them but Disqus only lets one site have one badge. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Wow man..just like that? No farewell post nothing? You sir were one of my fav AP writers, even when you clearly had a different political alignment (like that matters...or does it?). Anyways all the best for your future endeavours. P.S. I would just like to take this opportunity while I can to express my sincere apologies for a reply I once posted under an article of yours covering the FBI app for most wanted criminals. I kinda photoshopped your profile pic and name in the screenshot for the app just for fun.. It got deleted instantly making me realise that maybe I shouldn't have(?) But I assure you it was just for fun, no disrespect intended. Well, so long. Powsniffer0110 He had a farewell article I thought. Jay Burger King's face right now. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a81da022eefe3eb5833231aa2593041d2bc8f33bbecb98f3e2dcba6e83e2d85d.jpg DJ SPY Haha this is pretty funny. Is it too much to ask for you guys to have a sense of humor? Why call it stupid? JSo It activates my phone but it tells me it can't recognize my voice. So they didn't get a search from me. Orlando aka Pixel XL Burger King use to be decent.... Syukri Lajin Oh look. an update. Whataburger must be enjoying those free advertising it's getting now. ROFL. this got me thinking, will they keep breaking the search results until it stops promoting a company? or will they actually fix it? lol Matt74UK Stupid? I think that was a rather amusing idea. I prefer the Big King to the Whopper though. mark555055d hmm, now the guy in the commercial can no longer use his Google home. :) Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Nah, all he needs is a helium balloon.. Ryan If only Google had allowed us to define our own activation phrases. NunjaBusiness I have been asking for that ever since the first iteration. I want so badly to say to my phone: "Bitch, what is the weather going to be tomorrow?" Adam Margeson I think that, if not for Trusted Voice, you would end up activating several people's devices given that were an option. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yet another reason why I'm glad I don't have Google Home or "Ok Google" enabled on my phone. Now, if he says "Alexa wikipedia whopper burger" next time, then I'd be in trouble. Тарас Мукин Well, the idea of putting "OK Google" in the commercial was pretty obvious. And to be honest — this is a really good execution. Clear and simple. I understand that it pisses people off, and I think I would be pissed too, but this is a good ad — executed good and works good (well, at leas worked until Google stepped in) Leahelm Thank goodness Google stepped up, hope BK and everyone else learns stuff like this is obnoxious. tim242 Google Home is obnoxious... Leahelm Lucky for you then you don't have to buy one Nogib Random aside: how is it that Amazon's TV ads don't trigger my Echo when they say "Alexa"? MisterAlex Amazon controls bot their own commercials and the back-end for Alexa search... so I'm guessing they make sure to put in exceptions to prevent talking to themselves. Sir_Brizz This, plus there are a few tricks that you can use to avoid this like checking for a specific background tone. Leonardo Baez Is a shit$# move from burger king.... But genius one as well. JD NO ONE CAN ADVERTISE IN CHEEKY FASHION EXCEPT US! - Google. Francois Roy Believe it or not, those Google bad foks disabled the command in Assistant, but NOT in OG Google Now!! XD Mike Miller The case could be made that this is already illegal and Burger King broke the law. Technically, it is an intentional and unauthorized use of someone else's personal device. I mean, it would be a ridiculous case, but the case could be made. MisterAlex Nah. You consent to too much "okay, I'm letting this thing listen to the world" fine print for that to ever hold water. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Burger King burgers are terrible. saimin Who is more evil? Burger King or Pepsi or United Airlines or Sean Spicer? tim242 United Airlines, Google, Sean Spicer, Pepsi...in that order. Notice, I added one and subtracted one. Max Johnson Out of all of those, I would say the diabetes inducing brand. Marcelove I don't usually call people bad names, but this article has a level of stupidity that is impossible to avoid: Corbin, do you only sucks Google's dick or you allow him to put in your ass too? It is Google's responsability that the device is being triggered by the commercial... So stop being a pussy trying to blame Burger King instead your boss (Google's ads paying AP). Following your thoughts, if you install Philip's lights at home and let Google Home control it, and a commercial is launched on tv about the lights, showing how it works , where a actor says the commands, making the lights at your home be changed, it is the maker of the ad responsible for this situation, and not Google... Typical case of someone trying to "blame the others", instead of blaming the real responsible for something that you don't like because the real responsible has some relation with you... Sir_Brizz WTFH? Of course it would be the ad maker's fault in your example. The ad creator acted in bad faith. I personally know I could probably activate all kinds of smart home commands through a TV commercial including turning on/off sprinklers, locking/unlocking doors, turning on/off lights, fireplaces, opening garages, etc. I don't do that because it would damage my reputation and brand to act in bad faith in that way. That's also why this commercial is so stupid. What does it do other than damage Burger King's reputation and brand? There is probably a higher than average chance that people who own devices this would activate already know what a "Whopper burger" is so it doesn't increase brand awareness. Best case scenario, you mildly piss people off. Not a great best case. Honestly, why would you even start to blame Google for this? They could do the same thing with Alexa or anything else. Makes you wonder why they specifically targeted Google devices. james fuston Still happening on my Google Home Andy J That's odd - it's been blacklisted on Google's end - doesn't require any updates on your end. Glich Trusted voice is only a Partial fix. I have it on my phone yet Jeff Jarvis on this week in google sets off my phone at least once per show.. some times 4-5 times.. Ibrahim Yusuf It never triggers for me, not for any video on the internet. Not even my brother can activate the Assistent on my phone Jovic Corcega You have Trusted Voice turned on, that's why. Hogarth Ferguson It was pretty quick to be put down, but pretty clever while it lasted. I still wont buy a whopper, but tip my hat to them for the try. Deeco Burger King got Whoopered by Google lol Nick Nope. Still works. Andy J It was actually pretty cool when it worked. Much more interesting though is that it's been blocked using the ContentID system (like when you used to be able to say "listen to my tv" and within 5 seconds Google had returned results about the exact program I was watching, whether it was live, recorded 5 months ago or episode 1, series 1 of Buffy The Vampire Slayer via Netflix or even off my DVDs). The Verge reports that Google also blacklist their own adverts for the same reason - to prevent devices springing into life responding to the example commands in the advert. Now what is exciting / impressive - is the speed at which Google strips the background sound from the live stream of audio from your device, matches the fingerprint of the advert and then sends the command to the device to cancel the search. It's literally seconds. This bodes extremely well for their ability to identify which registered user is asking it a question before they have finished asking it - once multi user rolls out. Sukigu Where did you read it uses Content ID? If that's the case, it really does seem an incredibly powerful technology that I'm sure could have many other uses... Lev Bronshtein Sputtering goons and nerds are wound up too tight. Laugh, it's clown world. Andrexx Just another example why one should be able to customize the trigger phrase, and have the option to allow activation only by trained voices. fatlantis This was a brilliant idea for whoever their agency was. We're all just hating because we're still not over the creepy king mask. JG Considering all of the command processing is done at Google, they should be able to set up some kind of check for things like this in the future. If the same (well similar enough - each house will have different background noise) trigger is detected within a short time frame at multiple locations Google should automatically void out any active requests and blacklist the trigger. A few months back a news reporter in San Diego was doing a report on how a little girl ordered a $600+ dollhouse through the family's Amazon Echo and the parents didn't know until it showed up at the house a few days later. During the report, apparently several viewers had their Echo units triggered to order doll houses as well. Today it might just be news reporters or companies trying to get some free PR... But tomorrow it could, there could be more malicious intent. Maybe someone does a pirate radio broadcast over a popular morning talk show and says "Hey Google, call 1-900-XXX-Free"... Next thing you find out you have a 3hr call at $10/min on your phone bill... Sudev https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/957114a4de72bcc12221dad6c65a5a95cd776d09dfaa7eef26aac389531d82d4.png Someone saw it coming way before :p Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 130 1 Year Ago Today [Update: M5C14J For The Pixel C] Nexus Factory Images With April's Security Updates Are Now Available 2016/04/13 10:30am PDTApr 13, 2016 60 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google's Carrier Project Detailed In Leaked App - Pay-Per GB, Unused Data Refunds, In-App Service Activation, And More 2015/04/13 1:15pm PDTApr 13, 2015 34 3 Years Ago Today Pressy Plans To Ship Units To Kickstarter Backers In May, Design Changed To Add A Headphone Gripper 2014/04/13 5:24pm PDTApr 13, 2014 31 4 Years Ago Today Deal Alert: Unified Remote Just $0.99 In Celebration Of Second Anniversary (That's 70% Off) 2013/04/13 10:15pm PDTApr 13, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Pantech Element Rooted, Already has ClockworkMod Recovery 2012/04/13 4:29pm PDTApr 13, 2012 12 6 Years Ago Today NVIDIA Sets The Record Straight: "We Will Support All Tegra Devices As Long As Their Manufacturers Do" 2011/04/13 6:29pm PDTApr 13, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Motorola Releases Official Android Update Timeline 2010/04/13 9:09pm PDTApr 13, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 100 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 33 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.461s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review Phone Reviews LG G6: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Gadgets Reviews Inspirational Tech From The Sydney Home Show Qantas Wi-Fi: The Gizmodo Australia Review Riese & Mueller Charger GT E-Bike: Australian Review North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The New Sonos Playbase Is Great, But Comes A Little Too Late Ghost In The Shell Delivers A Beautiful But Ultimately Empty Adaptation Of An Anime Classic How Good Are The 'Best' Star Wars Books, Really?  Kong Retakes His Throne In The Incredible Skull Island Inspirational Tech From The Sydney Home Show The New Sonos Playbase Is Great, But Comes A Little Too Late Ghost In The Shell Delivers A Beautiful But Ultimately Empty Adaptation Of An Anime Classic How Good Are The 'Best' Star Wars Books, Really?  Smart Home & Gadgets Burger King's Dystopian New Ad Campaign Is Already A Cyanide And Toenail Clippings Disaster Watch These Drones Get Fried By Over A Million Volts What The Hell Is Going On At LeEco? Fitbit Is Reportedly Making Another Ugly Smartwatch Mobile HP Seeks Hybrid Superiority With Elite X3 Sorry, But Your IPhone 5 Is About To Become Obsolete The Secret To Free Music Is Internet Radio Samsung Galaxy S8's Most Hyped Feature Won't Work At Launch Car Tech 8-Year-Old Steals Car To Buy McDonald's After Learning To Drive On YouTube I Will Still Literally Eat The Sun If This Flying Car Is Released In 2017 This Poor Bastard Got Hit In The Face With A Drift Car's Wing New Safety Tech Is Already Banning Some Cars From Race Tracks Online Oh Hey, It's National 'Get A VPN' Day! Yahoo Sued By Former Chinese Prisoners For Allegedly Mishandling Millions Meant For Humanitarian Aid Google Wants Women To Just Trust That It Pays Them The Same As Men Citizenfour Documentarian Debuts Trailer For New Film About Wikileaks Science & Health A New Flavour Of CRISPR Could Tackle Some Of The Worst Genetic Diseases Rude Tweet At Trump From The Stratosphere Is Quite Poignant Jeff Bezos Declares No Pooping In His Sexy Spacecraft EPA Head Scott Pruitt Requests A 24/7 Security Detail As He Prepares To Gut The Agency Cameras Unable To Sell New Cameras, GoPro Wants To Buy Old Ones NYPD's Proposed Body Camera Policies Are A Disaster For Police Accountability Netgear's Arlo Pro Is Now A Two-Way Camera, Speaker And Siren Taser's Latest Body Cams Push Is Unregulated, Unprecedented And Disturbing Computing All The Coolest New Features In The Windows 10 Creators Update Inmates Stashed Two Homebrew Computers In Ohio Prison's Ceiling, Used Them To Do More Crimes Why Are You Still Using Microsoft Word? The Windows 10 Creators Update Drops Today Gaming Here's Another Scene From 'Uncharted: The Lost Legacy' (And A Release Date) This Leaked Trailer For Star Wars: Battlefront 2 Looks *Amazing* Injustice 2 Lets You Create The Boba Fett Batman You Always Dreamed Of The Flash Will Mess You Up With Time Itself In Injustice 2 Entertainment Forget Superman, Cat Grant Will Be In Supergirl's Season Two Finale Michael Dorn Had A Good Reason For Turning Down The Chance To Play Worf's Ancestor On Star Trek: Discovery Dog's Smooth As Hell Jailbreak Captured On CCTV Cameras OK, Who Had Jude Law In The 'Young Dumbledore' Pool? Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Deals: Kickstart Your Coding Career With This Java Training Bundle This Leaked Trailer For Star Wars: Battlefront 2 Looks *Amazing* Panasonic Has Its Own OLED TVs Now, Too TPG And Vodafone Just Bought The Last Of The 700MHz Spectrum For $1.5 Billion Burger King's Dystopian New Ad Campaign Is Already A Cyanide And Toenail Clippings Disaster Sidney Fussell Apr 13, 2017, 1:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  burger king google home internet of things Share Just hours after launching, Burger King's new smart home ad campaign is already crashing like the goddamn Hindenburg. Today, the company released a weirdly intrusive 15-second spot designed to intentionally trigger viewers' Google Home devices. In theory, the devices would then read back a list of the Whopper's ingredients from Wikipedia. Anonymous online vandals, however, had other ideas. Screencap: Google/YouTube At the end of the new Burger King commercial (the US equivalent of the Hungry Jack's burger chain), an actor faces the camera and uses the Google Home's command phrase to ask, "OK, Google, what is the Whopper burger?" After news of the ad broke, Wikipedia users began editing the site's entry for the burger, adding previously unknown Whopper ingredients such as cyanide, toenail clippings and "medium-sized child" to its description. Some of the best edits, intended to be spoken aloud across the US once the ad triggered viewers' Google Homes, have been: "The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100 per cent rat and toenail clippings with no preservatives or fillers, topped with sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce, pickles, ketchup and mayonnaise, served on a sesame-seed bun." "The 'Whopper' is a cancer-causing hamburger product sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain Burger King." "The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100 per cent medium-sized child with no preservatives or fillers, topped with sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce, pickles, ketchup and mayonnaise, served on a sesame-seed bun." "The 'Whopper' is the worst hamburger product sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain Burger King." "[The Whopper] has undergone several reformulations including resizing and bread changes, yet it remains far inferior to the Big Mac." "The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100 per cent medium-sized child with no preservatives or fillers, topped with sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce, cyanide, pickles, ketchup, and mayonnaise, served on a sesame-seed bun." Interestingly, those vandals are just following Burger King's lead. According to the article's revision history, the Burger King Corporation edited the page itself earlier this month to claim that the sandwich is "also known as America's favourite burger" and that "Whopper and America's Favourite Burger are trademarks of Burger King Corporation". As if it weren't creepy enough that a major corporation is triggering smart home devices to feed their owners idiotic ad copy, that same corporation is also editing an online encyclopedia in order to better use it for marketing. For now, the Wikipedia page has been locked with a neutral definition. The ad is set to air on major US networks like Adult Swim, History, Spike, Comedy Central, MTV, E! and Bravo. In fewer than three hours, Google has reportedly disabled the Whopper command. Google Home will no longer trigger when the ad plays. It was a stupid and invasive idea, but after Pepsi implied its product cured racism, it's unlikely this will spark enough fervour for any major change with either BK or Google. Hopefully no one ever tries anything this dumb again. Capitalism, you wild. [Business Insider] WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments LordBluray Guest Apr 13, 2017, 3:09pm What is going on??? Is every company wanting to annoy/offend the public this week?? Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now NBN Congestion Is Forcing ISPs To Build Their Own Private Networks Campbell Simpson 11 Apr 2017 12:00 PM The NBN is a complicated piece of technology -- the largest infrastructure project in Australian history. From its inception in 2007 as a mostly-fibre network to the multi-technology mix of 2017, it's evolved into a Byzantine mess both for customers to understand and for internet service providers to manage. The main pain point is congestion -- a lack of virtual capacity on the network that slows some connections to a crawl. It's bad enough that some smaller ISPs are provisioning their own networks rather than relying on existing backhaul from NBN and their own competitors. Why Are You Still Using Microsoft Word? Adam Clark Estes 12 Apr 2017 8:00 PM So you're still using Microsoft Word. Seems like an odd decision in the year 2017, but I didn't come here to judge. I'm legitimately curious why some people continue to pump their money into the MS Office Suite, despite mounting evidence that the software offers shitty security and a historically terrible user experience. So why bother? Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Kickstart Your Coding Career With This Java Training Bundle Deals: You Asked For It, So Here's A Dash Cam Deal Target Has Great Deals On Games And Consoles This Week Deals: Master Raspberry Pi With This Hands-On Training Bundle Trending Articles 1 NBN Congestion Is Forcing ISPs To Build Their Own Private Networks 2 Why Are You Still Using Microsoft Word? 3 Rude Tweet At Trump From The Stratosphere Is Quite Poignant Forget Superman, Cat Grant Will Be In Supergirl's Season Two Finale A New Flavour Of CRISPR Could Tackle Some Of The Worst Genetic Diseases Rude Tweet At Trump From The Stratosphere Is Quite Poignant Jeff Bezos Declares No Pooping In His Sexy Spacecraft Yooka-Laylee Is Nostalgia Gone Wrong Superman Has Another New Origin Story, And It May Mean Major Changes For The DC Universe This Was Only A Matter Of Time A Game That Lets You Summon The Power Of Anime George Washington How To Learn From Running Injuries And Reevaluate Your Routine Make A DIY Camera Lens Case Out Of Plastic Bottles How To Factory Reset an iPhone Or iPad I'm Brad Smith, CEO Of Intuit, And This Is How I Work ASX ENDS THE WEEK AHEAD DESPITE IRON ORE CRUNCH: Here's what you need to know The Aussie dollar rally has gone up a gear in Asia The euro is going to parity with the dollar whether Le Pen wins or not 10 things you need to know in markets today © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Thursday, April 13, 2017 As of 4:57 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL: Samsung Galaxy S8-type OLED screens possible if mega-deal with LG Display comes through By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on April 13 2017 2:11 PM 0 0 0 0 Rick Osterloh, SVP Hardware at Google, introduces the Pixel Phone by Google during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco, California, U.S. October 4, 2016. Reuters/Beck Diefenbach If a report from South Korea’s Electronic Times is to be believed, the upcoming Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL smartphones will be highly innovative and progressive. Google has reportedly invested US$880 million (AU$1,160 million approx) in a titanic deal with LG Display for supply of flexible OLED displays. This is a logical move from Google as its Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones faced a lot of supply problems. Moreover, the deal will ensure that the next generation smartphones have a more premium and stylist look. Many consider the Pixel XL smartphone as the best smartphone of 2016. In fact, there are many who have found the XL’s camera to be better than the Samsung Galaxy S8’s camera. The flexible OLED displays that Google is about to procure from LG Display are of the same category as Samsung has used for the stunning, curved Infinity Displays in Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus. However, LG Display is yet to finalise the deal and is currently considering the proposal carefully. It has its hands full as Apple also wants millions of such displays from the company for its Apple iPhone 8, 10th anniversary edition. Forbes reports that in case the news is correct, it is unlikely that the search giant will put all its eggs in one basket. It will definitely have another alternative ready, should the deal with LG Display never take off. There are also reports claiming that the company is making radical design changes to its upcoming Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL. The design and look of the Pixel and Pixel XL handsets were the only area they were criticised continuously, despite receiving admiration on all other fronts. Google seems pretty serious about its upcoming releases, as it takes another leap at becoming a smartphone giant. The flexible OLED displays do not necessarily mean that the smartphone screens will be curved. Pixel and Pixel XL handsets did not have curved displays. That is why many believe Google will incorporate curved screens in its upcoming Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL smartphones. If that is true, the next generation Pixels will be having the most-loved Galaxy S8 feature. The Google phones have a tough road ahead as they will have to compete against some of the best devices in the market today, including LG G6, Apple iPhone 8, Samsung Galaxy S8 and a possible Galaxy Note 8. Stay tuned on IBT AU for more updates on the Google’s upcoming smartphones. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related HTC U and Google Pixel 3 update Google Pixel 2 vs OnePlus 5 vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Amazon announces 30,000 part-time jobs across the US, offers access to benefits 0 Shares 2 'Curb Your Enthusiasm season 9' wraps up production, release date likely in fall 2017 0 Shares 3 Fully healthy Rafael Nadal ready to dominate clay-court season 0 Shares 4 Marine species face serious threat with Great Barrier Reef devastation 0 Shares 5 NASA: Friday marks Jupiter’s closest approach to Earth in 2017 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Final scene of last episode written 0 Shares 7 Malcolm Turnbull, Indian PM to discuss free trade agreement 0 Shares 8 Raids, the next big thing in ‘Pokemon GO’ 0 Shares 9 Study suggests low-calorie sweeteners can make you fat 0 Shares 10 Why Diana Gabaldon calls 'Outlander' star Sam Heughan 'Sheugs' 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Salim Mehajer faces two charges in a 24-hour period Volkswagen to sell diesel-powered cars in the US Woolworths: Pick date to pack date for supermarket produce Amazon to collect sales tax in Hawaii, Idaho, Maine and New Mexico on April 1 United CEO finally apologises to dragged passenger, says company will ‘work to make it right’ New Optus and Yes TV fixed broadband plans More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Golden State Warriors vs Los Angeles Lakers live stream: How to watch NBA regular season finale online, preview, start time Kevin Owens, Sami Zayn move to SmackDown Cleveland Cavaliers sign Edy Tavares, Dahntay Jones but enter playoffs in a funk Kirk Cousins scoffs NFL trade talk for now Former Universal champion suffers concussion after WWE Raw NBA: Kobe Bryant shares would have overthrown Jeanie Buss More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More 'Yooka-Laylee' is far from perfect ‘Pokemon GO’ PvP Battle and Easter Event Xiaomi CEO confirms Mi 6 launch date Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus prototypes hint at dual cameras TSA refuses medicinal cannabis on flights, regrets error Facebook cracking down on ‘revenge porn’ More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Doctor Who’ monsters to appear in Sydney’s Circular Quay Thursday ‘Law and Order: SVU’ star Mariska Hargitay sends shoutout to man who tattooed ‘Dick Wolf’ on back One thing ‘MasterChef 2017’ fans are hardly aware of ‘The Crown’ leads BAFTA TV nominations, Matt Smith gets snubbed New Gorillaz album 'Humanz' inspired by Trump election 'Rick and Morty season 3' episode 2 release date: Fallout from 'The Rickshank Rickdemption' More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News MCD Elections Compare India Business World Photos IPL 2017 Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsMCD ElectionsCompare IndiaBusinessWorldPhotosIPL 2017 Latest News MCD Elections Compare India Business World Photos IPL 2017 Burger King Debuts Whopper Ad that Triggers Google Home Devices NASA Releases Night-Time Global Maps of Earth Baidu Acquires Computer Vision Firm xPerception to Push AI Robotic Food Delivery Begins in San Francisco News18 » Tech 2-min read Burger King Debuts Whopper Ad that Triggers Google Home Devices Reuters Updated: April 13, 2017, 8:38 AM IST Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc. said the ad is not in collaboration with Google. (Image: Reuters) Fast-food chain Burger King said it will start televising a commercial for its signature Whopper sandwich that is designed to activate Google voice-controlled devices, raising questions about whether marketing tactics have become too invasive. The 15-second ad starts with a Burger King employee holding up the sandwich saying, "You're watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich. But I've got an idea. OK, Google, what is the Whopper burger?" sponsored Glow in the Dark Troll... ₹ 1,122.00 Burger King 1998 the Rugrats... ₹ 1,024.00 Burger King Pokemon Poliwrath Squirter... ₹ 2,348.00 If a viewer has the Google Home assistant or an Android phone with voice search enabled within listening range of the TV, that last phrase - "Hello Google, what is the Whopper burger?" - is intended to trigger the device to search for Whopper on Google and read out the finding from Wikipedia. Read more: Moto G5 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs Honor 6X: Which One Should You Buy? "Burger King saw an opportunity to do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices," said a Burger King representative. Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc. (QSR.N), said the ad is not in collaboration with Google (GOOG.O). Google declined to comment and Wikipedia was not available for comment. The ad, which became available on YouTube on Wednesday, will run nationally during prime-time on networks such as Spike, Comedy Central, MTV, E! and Bravo, and also on late-night shows starring Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon. Some media outlets, including CNN Money, reported that Google Home stopped responding to the commercial shortly after the ad became available on YouTube. Voice-powered digital assistants such as Google Home and Amazon's Echo have been largely a novelty for consumers since Apple's (AAPL.O) Siri introduced the technology to the masses in 2011. The devices can have a conversation by understanding context and relationships, and many use them for daily activities such as sending text messages and checking appointments. Many in the industry believe the voice technology will soon become one of the main ways users interact with devices, and Apple, Google and Amazon (AMZN.O) are racing to present their assistants to as many people as possible. Burger King Google Home Devices Whopper Ad First Published: April 13, 2017, 8:38 AM IST Read full article Next Story Recommended For You Baisakhi 2017: Delectable Recipes By Chef Vikas Khanna For The Festival Mercedes-Benz GLC Review: The King Of Every Terrain Gauahar Khan Ups The Fashion Quotient During Begam Jaan Promotions Are You the Biggest Baahubali Fan Ever? Here's Your Chance to Prove It Ronaldo Hits 100th European Goal as Real Beat Bayern 2-1 Popular Deals Coolpad Cool 1 (Gold, 3GB... 10,999.00 OnePlus 3T (Gunmetal, 6GB RAM... 29,999.00 Moto G5 (3 GB, Lunar... 11,999.00 About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Coachella: Know Why You Should Attend The Festival Rajouri MLA's Move to Punjab Angered Voters, Says Manish Sisodia Amarinder Won't Meet 'Pro-Khalistan' Canadian Defence Minister NASA Releases Night-Time Global Maps of Earth Cricket, Bollywood, Politics - Bringing Together India's Top Favourites to Raise Awareness on Tuberculosis Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Signout RegisterSign in Long Reads Life Indigenous Sexuality The Playlist podcast SBS HOME On Demand Guide By Day By Channel By Genre By Language Programs Radio Radio Podcasts Radio Schedule SBS Chill SBS PopAraby SBS PopAsia SBS PopDesi World News radio Your Language Shop SBS Shop News Dateline Insight The Point The Feed NITV News Small Business Secrets Cycling Football Movies Food Comedy News News Home Video Latest News Europe Elections US Politics National World Asia-Pacific Middle-East Europe Africa North America South America World News Radio 13 Apr 2017 - 1:24pm New Whopper ad triggers Google devices Burger King have jumped on new voice-controlled technologies with a new television ad which will automatically open a Wikipedia page on the Whopper burger. Source: AAP 13 Apr 2017 - 1:24 PM  UPDATED 3 HOURS AGO Tweet Fast-food chain Burger King says it's started televising a commercial for its signature Whopper burger that's designed to activate Google voice-controlled devices, raising questions about whether marketing tactics have become too invasive. The 15-second ad starts with a Burger King employee holding up a burger saying, "You're watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich. But I've got an idea. OK, Google, what is the Whopper burger?" If a viewer has the Google Home assistant or an Android phone with voice search enabled within listening range of the TV, that last phrase - "Hello Google, what is the Whopper burger?" - is intended to trigger the device to search for Whopper on Google and read out the finding from Wikipedia. "Burger King saw an opportunity to do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices," a Burger King representative said. Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc. , said the ad is not in collaboration with Google. Google declined to comment and Wikipedia was not available for comment. The ad, which became available on YouTube on Wednesday, will run in the United States during prime-time on networks such as Spike, Comedy Central, MTV, E! and Bravo, and also on late-night shows starring Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon. Some media outlets, including CNN Money, reported that Google Home stopped responding to the commercial shortly after the ad became available on YouTube. Voice-powered digital assistants such as Google Home and Amazon's Echo have been largely a novelty for consumers since Apple's Siri introduced the technology to the masses in 2011. The devices can have a conversation by understanding context and relationships, and many use them for daily activities such as sending text messages and checking appointments. Many in the industry believe the voice technology will soon become one of the main ways users interact with devices, and Apple, Google and Amazon are racing to present their assistants to as many people as possible. Advertisement Advertisement Trending News United passengers to be fully reimbursed You're not in trouble, teen parents told 'They will kill me': Saudi woman seeking asylum in Australia returned en route United Airlines CEO says police won't be used in the future to remove passengers Police search for NSW teen parents after three-day-old baby taken Trending SBS Punjabi couple tickling the funny bone of Punjabis world over Drogba joins Phoenix Rising as player and co-owner 澳航飛香港嚴重事故15人傷 8 of the shortest (and most handsome) male K-Pop idols The Night Manager In Social Stay Connected with SBS News Stay Connected with SBS News Vertical Tabs Newsletter Newsletter Subscribe now Podcast Podcasts Listen now RSS RSS Subscribe now txinfo Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am & 6pm Mon-Fri. Stay Connected with SBS News Newsletter Subscribe now Podcasts Listen now RSS Subscribe now Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am &amp; 6pm Mon-Fri. In Social Subscribe Facebook 875.7K Follow Twitter 273.3K Watch YouTube 8.8K Follow Google+ 0.9K Advertisement Back to top Copyright Terms & Conditions Privacy Disclaimer Your online preferences Audience Technical Support Complaints Contact Media Releases The SBS Charter Codes of Practice Policies & Publications Freedom of Information Public Interest Disclosure Freeview Using this Website FAQs Our Story Commissioned Content Translations & Subtitling Sales & Advertising Tenders & Purchasing Opportunities SBS International Publicity Media Centre Careers How to receive SBS TV & Radio How to get my Program on SBS What SBS tells me about Australia Why SBS introduced commercials The SBS Board of Directors SBS Shop NITV Podcasts CQ Cultural Intelligence Newsletters
Latest News Dow 20,592 -59.44 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,836 -30.61 -0.52% S&P 500 2,345 -8.85 -0.38% 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.3% lower at 5,087.57 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,333.89 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 381.19 2:41 A.M. ET Royal Mail sets date to stop pension plan payment 2:39 A.M. ET Rio Tinto coal sale gets green light in Australia 2:23 A.M. ET Updated When are European stock markets closed for Easter? 2:12 A.M. ET Fortescue iron-ore shipments fall for quarter 2:07 A.M. ET Infosys warns on revenue growth amid H-1B scrutiny 2:06 A.M. ET China exports rise 16.4%; trade surplus returns 4/12 China returns to trade surplus 4/12 Singapore GDP shrinks, central bank not worried 4/12 Nikkei slumps amid dollar selloff in Asia 4/12 Brazil slashes Selic rate by full percentage point 4/12 China's exports leap 14.8% in Q1 4/12 Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices 4/12 Pioneering New York judge’s body found in Hudson River 4/12 Berkshire appears likely to back Wells Fargo directors 4/12 Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? 4/12 Spring Cleaning for Your Finances 4/12 Uber anticipated lawsuit over ex-Google exec immediately, lawyers say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Advertising/Public Relations/Marketing The Margin Get email alerts Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices By Mike Murphy Published: Apr 12, 2017 10:43 p.m. ET Share Google quickly foils commercial that prompts voice-activated description of a Whopper Bloomberg News Google’s voice-activated Home device. By MikeMurphy Editor Nice try, Burger King. The fast-food giant on Wednesday launched an ingenious new 15-second commercial that attempted to hijack Google’s voice-activated Home device — as well as voice-activated Android phones and tablets — into essentially giving free advertising for its Whopper. “You’re watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich,” the commercial said. “But I got an idea. OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?” The utterance of “OK Google” activated Home devices, which then read a lengthy Wikipedia entry on the Whopper, the signature menu offering of Burger King, which is owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc. QSR, -0.05% Alphabet Inc.’s GOOG, +0.12% GOOGL, +0.19%   Google, however, was apparently not involved with the ad campaign and disapproved of its use, and within hours had disabled the commercial’s ability to trigger its gadgets. The ad debuted Wednesday on YouTube, and is scheduled to run on a number of TV networks, though its message will now be somewhat muted. “Burger King saw an opportunity to do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices,” a Burger King spokesperson said. But some critics saw it as a preview of the invasive nature that advertising will take in the near future. The incident highlighted one of the many unintended consequences of voice-activated home devices. Aside from worries about privacy and hackers, last month, Google Home users complained after an unsolicited “Beauty and the Beast” promo played on their devices, and Amazon Inc.’s AMZN, -0.68%   Alexa device has accidentally ordered dollhouses, called up porn and caused confusion in households containing people with similar-sounding names. More from MarketWatch Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices Housing Prices Soar in Millennial Cities Thyroid Cancer: Link to Household Products? Quote References QSR -0.03 -0.05% GOOG +0.97 +0.12% GOOGL +1.58 +0.19% AMZN -6.13 -0.68% Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap No one is noticing this big red flag for the stock market Why most renters don’t want to buy homes right now Tesla Model S sells faster as used car — and for more money — than peers do, study finds How self-driving cars will take over more than just the driving MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Restaurant Brands International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: QSR $56.39 -0.03 (-0.05%) Volume 570.0K Open $56.36 High $56.56 Low $56.05 P/E Ratio 29.44 Div Yield 1.28 Market Cap 17.6B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $824.32 +0.97 (+0.12%) Volume 883.4K Open $821.93 High $826.66 Low $821.02 P/E Ratio 29.57 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 572.3B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $841.46 +1.58 (+0.19%) Volume 1.1M Open $838.46 High $843.72 Low $837.59 P/E Ratio 30.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 572.3B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $896.23 -6.13 (-0.68%) Volume 2.4M Open $903.09 High $904.09 Low $895.25 P/E Ratio 182.74 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 430.6B
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 50 Plus 1 on G+ 96 Share on Facebook 84 Share on Twitter Total Shares230 Device Updates Downloads Google News Nexus 6P Nexus Devices Nougat 7.0/7.1 Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs Google's Android beta program allows the more intrepid among you to take a first crack at new updates, but it can be a little irksome to then move to the final build. For example, the 7.1.2 testers are still running the beta while the final version has rolled out to non-testers. Now, it looks like Google has started updating the beta build to final, but only for the Nexus 6P so far. The update clocks in at a mere 25.4MB, which isn't surprising. You're only going from 7.1.2 to a slightly different 7.1.2. The build number when all's said and done will be N2G47H. That's the same build that rolled out to non-testers. There should not be any feature differences between the two versions, but being on the right build means you'll be able to get OTA updates going forward. We don't yet know if this is rolling out to everyone, but check your update menu to be safe. If it's not there, we've got the URL of the OTA on Google's servers. Feel free to sideload it if you can't wait, but remember this is only for the 6P. Hopefully other devices on the beta get updates soon. Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs We got numerous reports earlier than phones were being offered another update to the beta build after installing the final one. Google neglected to flip some switch on its end to prevent phones from getting the beta OTA again, but that should be fixed now. End of Update Thanks: Rik Tags android 7.1.2 android beta beta device updates Google nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story More photos of the Moto C and C Plus leaked, as well as the E4 and Z2 Force This Is The Most Recent Story Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rasty++ ...after 25mb.. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fe73c9b1e0cff7af50d8d17b4e2cd375107865d458b52c568519d9bc3306769a.png EvilHowl That's the size for updating 7.1.1 to 7.1.2. 25MB is the size of the update from 7.1.2 beta 2 to stable. rasty++ 4 update in 1 hour... 25..1313..25..1313.. fuck google ..and now 25 Laraib Zafar Khan I think it's in a loop? Because i am downloading this once. rasty++ yep.. download 4 times same otas Daniel Keeble Just got this 1.3GB update on my 6P as well. rasty++ and aftet 25 again.. and after 1313 again.. again again again CyrealKiller Same here. JD 1313 Deadend Drive? Manard After taking this update I immediately get offered a new beta-N2G47I. Xious That's the same beta build that is on my Pixel. wjrandon Beta for life. x8123999 Pixel C just got it, too. Build N2G47D. Brian Langlois I got this update. then promptly got the notification that the system update NPG47I was available. Installed that. Then promptly got the notification that This update (N2G47H) was available. It just keeps prompting to update inthenickoftime4 Same MichaelFranz same, but i didnt install the NPG47I. victor sanchez same here. Серёжа Дураков same Jean-Pierre Tavan Same... VAL Same here, weird Brianna D Green Mine did this as well but once your on the (N2G47H), just reset the phone and then go into the update screen in settings and the (NPG47I) update notification disappears. At least it did for me. Lol. James Brown What do you mean by "reset the phone." I have rebooted and gone into settings/system updates but I still get the prompt to download the previous version. Brianna D Green I rebooted after the new update and then once back in the phone, went to the update screen and notification disappeared after hitting check for update. James Brown Didn't work for me. Minty Yeah I think it's happening to everyone. I just let it put me back on to stable again and then unenrolled from the beta program so I would stop getting them. T4rd It's times like this when I'm glad I'm just on Pure Nexus ROM. =p Vedang Jadhav This is new loop man, If you are not getting bootloop, Google is ensuring you atleast get this loop!! danthepotato Thank god I'm not the only one... I tried using the chat help on the settings. The guy basically told me I should opt out of beta, but I don't want to wipe my phone... JamesBennett360 If you update then opt out it will not wipe your device. I did it myself Anuwat Jaiyen I have to opt out then restart my phone. Super Pete Same happened to me. If you're on the stable build when you unenroll, nothing happens. No notification, no wipe... Good to go VAL just unenrrolled the beta program and won´t show up F4LL0U7 Same. I'll just deal with the update icon for now until they fix it. Not interested in unenrolling and wiping my phone. rasty++ no wipe if you have n2g... Ronald Yup same issue, did the update got the notification downloaded the NPG47I but have not installed it yet Josh Hamer Yup, same thing happening to me Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google employs only the best and brightest. André Pudiesi Same here. Final, then prompted me the Beta again. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b59969b13e033f7b043512da60a6f94086726e1588fc48382fcdd40bcad52140.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0da4868bacccbb1d7ce49e3c804e23e92904bd5251a4eebb9a7de486b9d3aa17.png Curt Same. LondonLeedsFan Right.... So i got the stable build (25mb), and the beta build 1313.6mb straight after... I'm confused?! Midnitte Want the next update? Now, always have an update available! Chisel I'm also getting the NPG47I «--» N2G47H loop. Weird. phineasjw Yep. Same thing. Took the opportunity to leave the Beta program. Just make sure you leave when running N2G47H. tonyc That's the same thing that keeps happening to me. Garry I just cleared the app data for Google Play Services and so far that has alleviated the problem. Artem Russakovskii Google fixed the endless loop, guys. https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus6P/comments/6504su/anyone_else_get_a_stable_712_update_then/dg6oj2l/. Djakdekiel ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Same update for Nexus 5x alexus after I pulled this update, I got another one right after (build NPG471) Mitch G yeah, it keeps pushing old build on top of new build TxReplay Got it on Nexus 5X too ! clay hope this fixes the shutdowns when there is clearly battery left. my phone shuts down when it hits 15% left and wont turn back on until i charge K9 A bit off topic i haven't recieved assistant yet and i was thinking it was cause i was in beta. I just got the stable 7.1.2 but still no assistant. Services apps is up to date but nothing still. Wht shd i do? Carson Saldanha Is your Google app on English (US)? K9 Yes it is Carson Saldanha rip idk lol rasty++ stop ota please ..8 ota in 2 hours.. -.- Kyle Smith Got this on Nexus Player also, I like the new update animation and loading bar Ernie If you update to N2G47H and you are on the beta program. You will have to unenroll from the beta. rmagruder Just spotted this and unenrolled from the beta and annoying update message went away. Guess I'll stay out of the beta until they actually push out the next beta. 2 Men-E ...sooooo...after the comments, and selecting "Download", but before selecting "Install"...I shouldn't complete the update to this "final" 7.1.2 build [being that my 6P will just do OTA loops] 🤔 rmagruder Good LORD, Google. I just got this on my 6P. It updated the phone, and after rebooting with the final 7.1.2, it promptly gave me a new System update available message wanting to install a beta version of 7.1.2 (HPG47I) at a hefty cost of 1313.6Mb. What the heck? That was what I was JUST ON before getting the FINAL OTA. George Hadjidakis Just opt out from the beta program then back in and then out again and it will go.. Bruno Montini To everyone getting the update prompt again and again, clear cache partition, it fixed it for me I also left the beta before clearing cache Lateef Alabi-Oki If you "Check For Update" on the Nexus 5x you might get it too. I got it that way. Tim Meader Once you have the official update (installed) and have booted back up... just IGNORE the prompt to update back to the beta version. Go into the Beta Program settings and leave the program. Problem solved. F4LL0U7 I'm not looking to factory reset OR leave the beta program though... I'd imagine they have to fix this if so many people are getting it, right? Tim Meader There's no need to be in the beta program right now since there's no actual beta. You can easily go back to it at any time via the same method, that's not an issue. It takes 5 seconds to sign back up. As I said, if you've already installed the release update and rebooted, leaving the beta won't factory reset anything. F4LL0U7 Oh cool, I didn't realize you could opt out without wiping once you were on stable. Thanks! Razed Does this address the 6P battery issues? F4LL0U7 I just got updated to the final 7.1.2 build on my Nexus 5X (N2G47F). Same thing, around 25MB. And then a funny thing happened. I immediately was prompted to download and install the beta 2 (NPG47I). I am ignoring it for now, because I would imagine that installing that will knock me back to the pre-release version of 7.1.2, which I don't want. Anyone else getting this? TBBT+HIMYM The same thing with me. I should try to get out of beta probably. TBBT+HIMYM Yes. It works. F4LL0U7 But you probably had to wipe your phone when exiting the beta, right? TBBT+HIMYM No. Ignore the beta version message. Exit the beta and the message just disappears by itself. Wipe is not necessary. F4LL0U7 Awesome, thanks! danthepotato Opting out once you are on N2G47H solves the problem, without a pesky notification or need to wipe your phone Jacob Mcalister Tattoos I'm still on the beta on pixel xl.. anyone else like this? el_smurfo How do you have a 6P with the battery so low to update, yet it hasn't long since shut off prematurely at 30-40%? noneofthem Thanks, everybody. I was afraid to be the only one with that issue. I hope Google will find a solution to this fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google phone users are always bragging that they're the first to get updates. Now Google has taken it to the next level. Google phone users are the first to get into a continuous, never-ending update loop. Callanish Pure hyperbolic bullshit. There never was a never-ending update loop. All anyone had to do was pay attention to what was going on with the updates and have an incline of knowledge about what it means to be enrolled in the beta program. They'd have seen that the patch was upgrading them to the stable 7.1.2 release. They would have then seen, after rebooting, that there was a glitch with a beta installation trying to get them to install itself over a stable version. Beta 101 enrollment and research would have told them that if they were on a stable version, unenrolling from the beta program would not delete their data and any notification asking them to revert back to a beta version would be gone once unenrolled. That would have eliminated something easily solveable and have avoided giving someone like you a smug 'sky is falling' response making it seem like all this was a big deal. If you're going to be a guinea pig, by running a beta version on a phone, you've got to take some responsibility when things go pear shape and at least use common sense and learn the basics of being part of the beta program beforehand so you can at least recognize when, in this case, the user is causing the loop themselves by continuously downloading whatever the Google Notification is telling them to download and not paying attention to the fact that they are installing a beta version over a stable version creating this self inflicted problem. Charlie I have the same issue. I was confused a bit too. But I think what is going on is the final build date is after the beta 2 build date. So to the system it looks like your not on the latest build. That is why we could not side load the OTA without opting out of beta program because if your on beta 2 it looks like your on the latest build. I don't know why they do that but this is not the first time it has happened. Usually they fix the issue before the OTA is sent out so we don't get the notification for the beta build though. Lucas Cannon 5X as well, received an update stating it would be build N2G47H, then after reboot says build N2G47F. Andre Laurence I just got the final version update. It was a flawless install. FCEEVIPER I installed the OTA NPG47I, then I turned away from my phone and saw the phone was asking for a restartinstall but I did not notice that the restart would be installing NPG471. Maybe I should be paying more attention. : Should I opt out of beta to get the stable build? I'm confused. Erroneus When you have the final version installed (N2G47H), opt out of the beta program. That solves it. KosmoCrisis Me too. Nexus 6p on Project Fi, no different. This type of loop is not fun. onekage Thought it was strange to receive a beta update after receiving the​ final version I had been waiting for, for over a week. Let's hope battery life is a little better... But with a 25mb update I don't have much hope. Hopefully they do something cool with O. BBpost As someone mentioned below, I cleared out the cache for Google Play Services while on N2G47H and rebooted. This fixed the constant update cycle bug. Alvin persaud Install the "h" update first then "I" update (large)when it prompts u back to update to "h" just restart the phone and it should be good to go. Dan Zunko Nexus 5x just got the update. No loop so far. M.R. Betz 5X is up too. N2G47F for my 5X. jdawg0024 Google is also updating the Nexus 5x beta to final as well. I got the update just an hour ago TheDrunkenClam I have tried three times to install this OTA using Flashfire and cannot for the life of me get it to work. Flashfire detects it just fine, but once it fails, I don't know where the OTA resides after it is downloaded so I cannot find where it is to get it to try again (Flashfire doesn't automatically see it on the second attempt after that initial attempt for some reason). So I have been opting out of beta and then back in for it to re download the OTA and thus have Flashfire recognize. 1. Where does the OTA resides after it's downloaded? 2. Any settings in Flashfire that I should look for? idna As far as I can remember, the OTA resides in /data/ota_package (N5X, but it should be the same). And FlashFire can detect it if it's there. But in the past I noticed another location (complicated path, don't remember it now) had been used and indeed, it was not visible for FlashFire - and when I pointed the program to this location it didn't detect anything. What I would recommend is to simply grab the 7.1.2 factory image, opt out of the beta program and simply write this (factory) image with FlashFire, of course without overwriting the userdata partition. That's what I did when the images where released some weeks ago, I couldn't wait for Google to push this special OTA for those of us using the beta program. lomsha The notification finally went away on O. Margaritas Ante Porcos Nexus 6p owners, don't rush to update. My 6p's battery dies within few moments after I've updated from 7.1.1. to 7.1.2. You know how Google reacts to this. Google ignores anything. Morenicano In celebration of fixing the update loop, Google has decided to make another message app 2 Men-E For some reason my 6P is no longer receiving this final OTA. I downloaded it early today, but did not install it. Since then, I rebooted my 6P, and the install notification went away, and now when I check for updates, nothing is there. AnthonyRyan89 I got the final build update today and updated it then an hour later I got another update for the beta again. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 22 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 108 queries | 0.440s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google Express update makes it possible to share shopping lists Newsby Edgar Cervantes4 hours ago 63 2 Plenty of Google Home users threw a fit after finding out shopping lists were no longer going to be managed through Keep. In fact, pretty much everyone took it to our comments section to complain about the change, with one of the most popular grievances being the fact that Express didn’t have shareable lists. Google is here to fix at least that part of the issue. The Google Express app has just been updated with the ability to share shopping lists. In addition, users can now edit these shopping lists using phones, tablets or computers. Other changes include bug fixes and the removal of support for devices running anything older than Jelly Bean. See also: How to set up payments and shop with Google Assistant on Google Home February 16, 2017 This hardly fixes the root issue, as many of you still don’t want to use Google Express. Some just want to see a list in a device, and having a whole other shopping app for that does seem overkill. Alternatively, you could just create your own shopping lists in Keep, but then Google Home won’t really work with that system seamlessly. It’s a bit of a mess, but it may be one we have to deal with. Some of you mentioned buying an Amazon Echo device. Is that something you are still considering? Is this change pretty much a deal-breaker for you? Download Google Express News Google, Google Home, Google Keep, Google Express Shopping, Google Express Google, Google Express, Google Express Shopping, Google Home, Google Keep  Google Play Store  Android Police Edgar Cervantes Edgar Cervantes has over 5 years of experience in tech journalism. Exploring the latest gadgets and constantly studying the industry are part of is daily drive. Regardless of what he is working on, you can be sure he is always trying his best to bring you the best content. He will be dead honest and will bend to nothing. Leave a comment The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   LG G6 International Giveaway! 4 days ago52 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: You can now add cards to Android Pay through your mobile banking app Newsby Brian Reigh4 hours ago 83 3 If you are a customer at one of the select five banks announced by Google, you can now easily add cards to Android Pay right from your mobile banking app. See also: Android Pay vs Apple Pay vs Samsung Pay Overview April 27, 2016 Though online payment platforms have yet to make a serious impact on how we make purchases both online and offline, Google is doing everything it can to ensure that Android Pay remains competitive. It is already available at millions of stores in 10 countries – with support for Russia and South Korea coming later this year – and now, Google has partnered with five different banks around the world to make the whole experience even more convenient. If you are a customer of Bank of America, Bank of New Zealand, Discover, mBank, or USAA, you can now easily add cards to Android Pay right from your mobile banking app with a simple click. If you are a customer of Bank of America, Bank of New Zealand, Discover, mBank, or USAA, you can now easily add cards to Android Pay right from your mobile banking app with a simple click. Even if you don’t have the Android Pay app installed on your device, you can still access your virtual cards, change the default payment card, and deactivate any card you don’t need. With Android Pay, you can make purchases with your phone at stores like Best Buy, American Eagle, Dunkin Donuts, KFC, Subway, and Whole Foods as long as they have an NFC-enabled reader. You can also make online purchases within apps and websites whenever you see the Android Pay button. These include Airbnb, Etsy, Grubhub, Groupon, Kickstarter, and Lyft. For the full list, visit here. Personally, compared to Samsung Pay, I’ve never found Android Pay to be particularly useful, with very limited support in reality. However, as Google points out, the latest collaboration with the aforementioned banks shows Android Pay’s commitment as an open platform and is nonetheless an important step towards Android Pay’s expansion. You can download Android Pay by clicking the button below: Download Android Pay from Play Store News Android Pay Android Pay  Google Brian Reigh Brian Reigh is a contributor at Android Authority, covering all Android-related news and features. He has always been passionate about technology, especially mobile phones. He is a recent alum of Dartmouth College and is currently in law school. Leave a comment The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   LG G6 International Giveaway! 4 days ago52 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Opinion Last Modified: Thu, Apr 13 2017. 08 17 AM IST In Google’s fight with Uber, everyone is a loser Waymo, the self-driving car unit of Google parent Alphabet Inc, claims Uber acquired trade secrets stolen from Waymo Subscribe to our newsletter. Elaine Ou Google would be unhappy about losing ground to competition, but the self-driving car industry will end up better off as a whole. Photo: Bloomberg Uber is currently in trouble for, well, a lot of things, but one particularly problematic thing is the claim that the ride-hailing company acquired trade secrets stolen from Waymo, the self-driving car unit of Google parent Alphabet Inc. It’s also a case where Uber isn’t the one behaving badly. According to a lawsuit filed by Waymo, employees swiped files describing proprietary self-driving technology just before leaving to start a competing company. The start-up, Otto, existed for all of seven months before it was acquired by Uber Technologies Inc. During this time, Google’s car project experienced a larger employee exodus, with many key players leaving to start or join new companies. So whatever happens, it’s looking like Google has already lost the battle. Silicon Valley’s most valuable assets are its people, not its intellectual property. In the pharmaceutical industry, businesses revolve around patent licensing because it’s expensive and time-consuming to take a drug to market. For technology companies, the opposite is true—the industry evolves so quickly that today’s valuable property could be obsolete by tomorrow. Resources are better invested in developing new ideas than protecting old ones. Litigation is generally seen as the domain of ailing dinosaurs—Oracle Corp. has been suing Google for the last seven years over the use of Java, a programming language developed in the 1990s. There’s an argument to be made that protecting intellectual property encourages investment in new technology, but it was liberation from those protections that created Silicon Valley in the first place. In 1951, a patent for the semiconductor transistor was awarded to William Shockley and assigned to AT&T Bell Labs. As part of a 1956 antitrust settlement, AT&T agreed to provide royalty-free licensing on all its patents. Shockley promptly moved to Mountain View, California, where he founded Shockley Semiconductor Laboratories and recruited some of the earliest engineering talent to the valley. Two years later, eight of Shockley’s employees left to start a competing company called Fairchild Semiconductor. The traitorous eight then saw their own employees leave to found other semiconductor businesses, including Intel, AMD, Intersil and National Semiconductor. This type of procreation still happens today. For many years, Google had a company-wide policy of allowing employees one day per week to work on side projects. Google makes a point of telling new hires that the company doesn’t sue former employees for patent infringement. Its employees have gone on to start Twitter, Tumblr, Instagram, and Pinterest. The ex-Googlers, or Xooglers, even have their own investment community and Demo Day. As a Google recruiter put it to me once, Google’s appeal isn’t the job that you have while working at Google, it’s the job you can get after you leave Google. Some of today’s popular tech companies have a median employment tenure of less than three years. Anywhere else, this type of turnover might be seen as a horrible failing. Here, it’s what keeps companies innovative. Ideas flow to where they’re treated best, even if that happens to be the hands of a competing startup. Otto wasn’t the only self-driving car company founded by former members of the Google car team. Two top engineers left to start Nuro.ai; the hardware lead received a $1 billion investment from Ford Motor Co. for Argo AI; and Chris Urmson, former head of the Google Car project, has his own self-driving company called Aurora Innovation. It’s understandable that Google would be unhappy about losing ground to the competition, but the self-driving car industry will end up better off as a whole. A few years ago, Tesla chief executive officer Elon Musk made the company’s intellectual property available for free use. He explained that Tesla’s real competition wasn’t the other electric car manufacturers, but industry inertia. For Tesla to be successful, the sustainable transportation movement had to be successful. Self-driving cars require a similar paradigm shift, which is something Waymo can’t achieve alone. It should welcome the competition. Bloomberg Elaine Ou Topics: Google Uber Ride-hailing company Waymo Alphabet More From Livemint READ MORE Has Infosys’s recovery dissipated before it even started? Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka says will have to ‘live with’ H1B visa policy EPFO members to get loyalty benefit of up to Rs50,000 First Published: Thu, Apr 13 2017. 08 17 AM IST Editor's Picks Has Infosys’s recovery dissipated before it even started? Jim Rogers: Surprised Modi government got GST through Infosys Q4 profit falls 2.8% to Rs3,603 crore, guidance lower for FY18 Latest News Has Infosys’s recovery dissipated before it even started? Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka says will have to ‘live with’ H1B visa policy EPFO members to get loyalty benefit of up to Rs50,000 Curious case of the billion-dollar lithium mine sold for a song Instagram is upping the coolness quotient Mint On Sunday All the world's a stage: Teaching autistic children through theatre When ant enslaves ant The beauty of a good detective story Letter from... a backpack Love in the age of terabytes Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Latest News Dow 20,592 -59.44 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,836 -30.61 -0.52% S&P 500 2,345 -8.85 -0.38% 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.3% lower at 5,087.57 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,333.89 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 381.19 2:41 A.M. ET Royal Mail sets date to stop pension plan payment 2:39 A.M. ET Rio Tinto coal sale gets green light in Australia 2:23 A.M. ET Updated When are European stock markets closed for Easter? 2:12 A.M. ET Fortescue iron-ore shipments fall for quarter 2:07 A.M. ET Infosys warns on revenue growth amid H-1B scrutiny 2:06 A.M. ET China exports rise 16.4%; trade surplus returns 4/12 China returns to trade surplus 4/12 Singapore GDP shrinks, central bank not worried 4/12 Nikkei slumps amid dollar selloff in Asia 4/12 Brazil slashes Selic rate by full percentage point 4/12 China's exports leap 14.8% in Q1 4/12 Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices 4/12 Pioneering New York judge’s body found in Hudson River 4/12 Berkshire appears likely to back Wells Fargo directors 4/12 Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? 4/12 Spring Cleaning for Your Finances 4/12 Uber anticipated lawsuit over ex-Google exec immediately, lawyers say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Advertising/Public Relations/Marketing The Margin Get email alerts Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices By Mike Murphy Published: Apr 12, 2017 10:43 p.m. ET Share Google quickly foils commercial that prompts voice-activated description of a Whopper Bloomberg News Google’s voice-activated Home device. By MikeMurphy Editor Nice try, Burger King. The fast-food giant on Wednesday launched an ingenious new 15-second commercial that attempted to hijack Google’s voice-activated Home device — as well as voice-activated Android phones and tablets — into essentially giving free advertising for its Whopper. “You’re watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich,” the commercial said. “But I got an idea. OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?” The utterance of “OK Google” activated Home devices, which then read a lengthy Wikipedia entry on the Whopper, the signature menu offering of Burger King, which is owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc. QSR, -0.05% Alphabet Inc.’s GOOG, +0.12% GOOGL, +0.19%   Google, however, was apparently not involved with the ad campaign and disapproved of its use, and within hours had disabled the commercial’s ability to trigger its gadgets. The ad debuted Wednesday on YouTube, and is scheduled to run on a number of TV networks, though its message will now be somewhat muted. “Burger King saw an opportunity to do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices,” a Burger King spokesperson said. But some critics saw it as a preview of the invasive nature that advertising will take in the near future. The incident highlighted one of the many unintended consequences of voice-activated home devices. Aside from worries about privacy and hackers, last month, Google Home users complained after an unsolicited “Beauty and the Beast” promo played on their devices, and Amazon Inc.’s AMZN, -0.68%   Alexa device has accidentally ordered dollhouses, called up porn and caused confusion in households containing people with similar-sounding names. More from MarketWatch Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices Housing Prices Soar in Millennial Cities Thyroid Cancer: Link to Household Products? Quote References QSR -0.03 -0.05% GOOG +0.97 +0.12% GOOGL +1.58 +0.19% AMZN -6.13 -0.68% Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap No one is noticing this big red flag for the stock market Why most renters don’t want to buy homes right now Tesla Model S sells faster as used car — and for more money — than peers do, study finds How self-driving cars will take over more than just the driving MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Restaurant Brands International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: QSR $56.39 -0.03 (-0.05%) Volume 570.0K Open $56.36 High $56.56 Low $56.05 P/E Ratio 29.44 Div Yield 1.28 Market Cap 17.6B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $824.32 +0.97 (+0.12%) Volume 883.4K Open $821.93 High $826.66 Low $821.02 P/E Ratio 29.57 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 572.3B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $841.46 +1.58 (+0.19%) Volume 1.1M Open $838.46 High $843.72 Low $837.59 P/E Ratio 30.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 572.3B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $896.23 -6.13 (-0.68%) Volume 2.4M Open $903.09 High $904.09 Low $895.25 P/E Ratio 182.74 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 430.6B
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 6 Plus 1 on G+ 14 Share on Facebook 37 Share on Twitter Total Shares57 Applications News There was a surprising amount of anger directed at Google several days ago when the Assistant shopping list was moved from Keep to the Home app. Rather than being a general purpose list, it is now tied into Google Express. Now, the other shoe has dropped in the form of an update to the Express app. It brings shopping list improvements that jive with the new Assistant shopping list. Here's the changelog for the new update. Now you can invite your friends and family to add items to your Shopping Lists. Add items to shared lists from your phone, computer, and even Google Home. The app no longer runs Android versions older than Jelly Bean (released July 9, 2012). Spring cleaning bug fixes and a fresh new logo make it into this release as well. Sharing lists is an essential feature if you want people to actually use them for shopping, so the Express app now has native support for that. Items added to your list on a computer of via assistant will show up in the app instantly. Then, you can place your order and get the items in one business day (in most places). Although, that's kind of pointless if your preferred stores are not supported in Google Express. Google Express requires an annual membership or $95 or $10 per month. That's in addition to whatever it your chosen items cost. The new version is in the Play Store, as well as on APK Mirror. Download: Google Express (Play Store) Tags app updates apps assistant Google google express subscribe ... Previous Story Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago ... Next Story Google expands WebVR to Google Cardboard, adds 12 new WebVR demos to try out Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments mark555055d need cached / offline lists now as well, do it. Jason Pagliaro They could've at least migrated the existing shopping list from Keep over to this. Adding Wear support would've been smart as well. tenaku or, you know, just left the list in keep. create812 Not a fan of this app, and Google gets knocked down a couple points in my book for forcing the migration of assistant shopping list from Keep to this abomination. Pete Yes, baffling that people would be angry that a free, popular feature was removed with little notice and made part of a subscription service. Ronny Yeah. Putting a feature into a different app, that is not available for all users is totally thought through. Express is US only. Keep was not. Now I can access my list only through the home app, which then sends me to the webpage of Express. 👍 destinyhud if its not available to u then it opens up in a chrome custom tab. so i am not sure what ur problem is Kumnaa Chrome custom tabs aren't much use in a signaless supermarket :( Nicholas Conrad Express is us only? Not even. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/efd87369dea9a7505573611d0b0b04512b0d80862fdffcfec232c6a8892c3772.png notatoad Express is US only, but the shopping list feature seems to be fairly global - i can use it here in canada, albeit in a web page rather than a native app. not as good as Keep, but not as bad as being totally region-locked out of it like i was expecting. navjot Why not just keep the list in Keep but also allow access from Express? Like they do with Google Tasks (which is accessible through multiple services). Or even just add Google Express support to Keep? This all doesn't make sense for people that don't use Express. I use Express from time to time and I still find this incredibly stupid because I use my Google Assistant Shopping List in Google Keep for many things that I can't get from Express yet. DragoCubed Google express "support" in keep would've just solved it once and for all Timothy Angley Well, I guess I won't be using Assistant to make a shopping list. So disappointing that they would do this to people. Kevin Davis Gee, I'm shocked! Never saw this coming. 😉 Dbag move on the part of Google. Lateef Alabi-Oki Dick move from Google. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher No Google love for Android Wear users. David Hyman Seems to work fine for my needs. The keep features were nice to have but not necessary for me. I hope that this allows assistant better access to the contents of my list Martin Send your angry feedback to Google! It's not like they care, but at least you will feel a little better when sending good wishes to their mothers :-))) Chris Sanner Allow me to sort the damn list. Anthony Castanza Congratulations! The shit sandwich no longer contains toenail clippings. Still a shit sandwich though. Morenicano Man, people are murdering the rating for express in the play store lol Grey I still don't understand what the fuck Google Express is. Do they ship the items to your house? notatoad if i don't have a list in Keep called "shopping", i get kicked over to google express. If there's a list in Keep called "shopping", asking google assistant to "add cookies to my shopping list" adds an entry to the list called shopping in Google Keep. Not sure what the problem is here? Mr. Shmidle Middle Great, Google took out a feature I could use and implemented it in a way I and many other users can't access now. Whelp I'll just add Google Express to the rest of em like Google Books, Google Music, Google Movies, Google Newsstand, etc... Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 97 queries | 0.400s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Yesterday GOOG: 824.32 0.97 Google Express for Android updated w/ shared lists & more Chance Miller - Apr. 12th 2017 7:14 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Google View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google this week has rolled out an update to its Google Express shopping app. The update brings the app to version 15.0 and includes a variety of changes and new features. Keep reading for a full breakdown of what’s new… Samsung U28E590D 28-Inch 4K Monitor With this week’s update, Google Express now supports shared Shopping Lists. This means you can invite your friends and family members to add items to your shopping list, thus making it easier to make sure everyone gets what they need. You can add items to these shared lists from your phone, computer, and Google Home. Furthermore, the update drops compatibility for Android versions older than Jelly Bean, is approaching its five-year anniversary. Lastly, Google says the update features some spring cleaning bug fixes and interface tweaks to improve the overall experience: Now you can invite your friends and family to add items to your Shopping Lists. Add items to shared lists from your phone, computer, and even Google Home. The app no longer runs Android versions older than Jelly Bean (released July 9, 2012). Spring cleaning bug fixes and a fresh new logo make it into this release as well.  The latest version of Google Express is available for free on the Play Store. Google Express itself, however, requires a membership fee that can be purchased either annually for $95 or for $10 per month Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Email: Chance@9to5mac.com Chance currently writes for both 9to5Google and 9to5Mac, in addition to 9to5Toys. Favorite Gear Samsung U28E590D 28-Inch 4K Monitor Phillips Hue Light Strip Amazon Echo Dot blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Latest News Dow 20,592 -59.44 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,836 -30.61 -0.52% S&P 500 2,345 -8.85 -0.38% 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.3% lower at 5,087.57 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,333.89 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 381.19 2:41 A.M. ET Royal Mail sets date to stop pension plan payment 2:39 A.M. ET Rio Tinto coal sale gets green light in Australia 2:23 A.M. ET Updated When are European stock markets closed for Easter? 2:12 A.M. ET Fortescue iron-ore shipments fall for quarter 2:07 A.M. ET Infosys warns on revenue growth amid H-1B scrutiny 2:06 A.M. ET China exports rise 16.4%; trade surplus returns 4/12 China returns to trade surplus 4/12 Singapore GDP shrinks, central bank not worried 4/12 Nikkei slumps amid dollar selloff in Asia 4/12 Brazil slashes Selic rate by full percentage point 4/12 China's exports leap 14.8% in Q1 4/12 Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices 4/12 Pioneering New York judge’s body found in Hudson River 4/12 Berkshire appears likely to back Wells Fargo directors 4/12 Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? 4/12 Spring Cleaning for Your Finances 4/12 Uber anticipated lawsuit over ex-Google exec immediately, lawyers say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Advertising/Public Relations/Marketing The Margin Get email alerts Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices By Mike Murphy Published: Apr 12, 2017 10:43 p.m. ET Share Google quickly foils commercial that prompts voice-activated description of a Whopper Bloomberg News Google’s voice-activated Home device. By MikeMurphy Editor Nice try, Burger King. The fast-food giant on Wednesday launched an ingenious new 15-second commercial that attempted to hijack Google’s voice-activated Home device — as well as voice-activated Android phones and tablets — into essentially giving free advertising for its Whopper. “You’re watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich,” the commercial said. “But I got an idea. OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?” The utterance of “OK Google” activated Home devices, which then read a lengthy Wikipedia entry on the Whopper, the signature menu offering of Burger King, which is owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc. QSR, -0.05% Alphabet Inc.’s GOOG, +0.12% GOOGL, +0.19%   Google, however, was apparently not involved with the ad campaign and disapproved of its use, and within hours had disabled the commercial’s ability to trigger its gadgets. The ad debuted Wednesday on YouTube, and is scheduled to run on a number of TV networks, though its message will now be somewhat muted. “Burger King saw an opportunity to do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices,” a Burger King spokesperson said. But some critics saw it as a preview of the invasive nature that advertising will take in the near future. The incident highlighted one of the many unintended consequences of voice-activated home devices. Aside from worries about privacy and hackers, last month, Google Home users complained after an unsolicited “Beauty and the Beast” promo played on their devices, and Amazon Inc.’s AMZN, -0.68%   Alexa device has accidentally ordered dollhouses, called up porn and caused confusion in households containing people with similar-sounding names. More from MarketWatch Desktop PCs Are Making a Comeback Pioneering New York judge’s body found in Hudson River This digital currency is about to succeed where bitcoin has failed Quote References QSR -0.03 -0.05% GOOG +0.97 +0.12% GOOGL +1.58 +0.19% AMZN -6.13 -0.68% Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap No one is noticing this big red flag for the stock market Why most renters don’t want to buy homes right now Tesla Model S sells faster as used car — and for more money — than peers do, study finds How self-driving cars will take over more than just the driving MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Restaurant Brands International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: QSR $56.39 -0.03 (-0.05%) Volume 570.0K Open $56.36 High $56.56 Low $56.05 P/E Ratio 29.44 Div Yield 1.28 Market Cap 17.6B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $824.32 +0.97 (+0.12%) Volume 883.4K Open $821.93 High $826.66 Low $821.02 P/E Ratio 29.57 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 572.3B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $841.46 +1.58 (+0.19%) Volume 1.1M Open $838.46 High $843.72 Low $837.59 P/E Ratio 30.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 572.3B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $896.23 -6.13 (-0.68%) Volume 2.4M Open $903.09 High $904.09 Low $895.25 P/E Ratio 182.74 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 430.6B
Latest News Dow 20,592 -59.44 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,836 -30.61 -0.52% S&P 500 2,345 -8.85 -0.38% 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.3% lower at 5,087.57 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,333.89 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 381.19 2:41 A.M. ET Royal Mail sets date to stop pension plan payment 2:39 A.M. ET Rio Tinto coal sale gets green light in Australia 2:23 A.M. ET Updated When are European stock markets closed for Easter? 2:12 A.M. ET Fortescue iron-ore shipments fall for quarter 2:07 A.M. ET Infosys warns on revenue growth amid H-1B scrutiny 2:06 A.M. ET China exports rise 16.4%; trade surplus returns 4/12 China returns to trade surplus 4/12 Singapore GDP shrinks, central bank not worried 4/12 Nikkei slumps amid dollar selloff in Asia 4/12 Brazil slashes Selic rate by full percentage point 4/12 China's exports leap 14.8% in Q1 4/12 Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices 4/12 Pioneering New York judge’s body found in Hudson River 4/12 Berkshire appears likely to back Wells Fargo directors 4/12 Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? 4/12 Spring Cleaning for Your Finances 4/12 Uber anticipated lawsuit over ex-Google exec immediately, lawyers say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Advertising/Public Relations/Marketing The Margin Get email alerts Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices By Mike Murphy Published: Apr 12, 2017 10:43 p.m. ET Share Google quickly foils commercial that prompts voice-activated description of a Whopper Bloomberg News Google’s voice-activated Home device. By MikeMurphy Editor Nice try, Burger King. The fast-food giant on Wednesday launched an ingenious new 15-second commercial that attempted to hijack Google’s voice-activated Home device — as well as voice-activated Android phones and tablets — into essentially giving free advertising for its Whopper. “You’re watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich,” the commercial said. “But I got an idea. OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?” The utterance of “OK Google” activated Home devices, which then read a lengthy Wikipedia entry on the Whopper, the signature menu offering of Burger King, which is owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc. QSR, -0.05% Alphabet Inc.’s GOOG, +0.12% GOOGL, +0.19%   Google, however, was apparently not involved with the ad campaign and disapproved of its use, and within hours had disabled the commercial’s ability to trigger its gadgets. The ad debuted Wednesday on YouTube, and is scheduled to run on a number of TV networks, though its message will now be somewhat muted. “Burger King saw an opportunity to do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices,” a Burger King spokesperson said. But some critics saw it as a preview of the invasive nature that advertising will take in the near future. The incident highlighted one of the many unintended consequences of voice-activated home devices. Aside from worries about privacy and hackers, last month, Google Home users complained after an unsolicited “Beauty and the Beast” promo played on their devices, and Amazon Inc.’s AMZN, -0.68%   Alexa device has accidentally ordered dollhouses, called up porn and caused confusion in households containing people with similar-sounding names. More from MarketWatch Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices Desktop PCs Are Making a Comeback Thyroid Cancer: Link to Household Products? Quote References QSR -0.03 -0.05% GOOG +0.97 +0.12% GOOGL +1.58 +0.19% AMZN -6.13 -0.68% Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap No one is noticing this big red flag for the stock market Why most renters don’t want to buy homes right now Tesla Model S sells faster as used car — and for more money — than peers do, study finds How self-driving cars will take over more than just the driving MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Restaurant Brands International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: QSR $56.39 -0.03 (-0.05%) Volume 570.0K Open $56.36 High $56.56 Low $56.05 P/E Ratio 29.44 Div Yield 1.28 Market Cap 17.6B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $824.32 +0.97 (+0.12%) Volume 883.4K Open $821.93 High $826.66 Low $821.02 P/E Ratio 29.57 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 572.3B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $841.46 +1.58 (+0.19%) Volume 1.1M Open $838.46 High $843.72 Low $837.59 P/E Ratio 30.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 572.3B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $896.23 -6.13 (-0.68%) Volume 2.4M Open $903.09 High $904.09 Low $895.25 P/E Ratio 182.74 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 430.6B
Libre Wireless Technologies Supplies Media Syncing Platform to Lenbrook International to Create World’s First Hi-Fi Amplifier to Feature Chromecast Built-In for Audio April 12, 2017 09:48 PM Eastern Daylight Time PALO ALTO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Libre Wireless Technologies, Inc., a leading embedded WiFi and Wireless solutions provider, has been chosen by Lenbrook International, manufacturer of respected high fidelity audio brands NAD Electronics, PSB Speakers and Bluesound, to implement Google’s popular Chromecast built-in platform into the world’s first high fidelity amplifier. The NAD C 338 HybridDigital™ Integrated Amplifier, launched earlier this year, is the first NAD product to contain Libre Wireless’s LibreSync media streaming modules and software platform, which includes Google’s Chromecast built-in for Audio. In combination, the NAD C 338 reshapes the landscape for what a hi-fi amplifier can be, featuring not only NAD’s legendary true-to-source, powerful HybridDigital amplification technology, but also as a hub for wireless streaming of high-resolution audio content from Google services and a user’s own local music library. “We are quite proud to be selected by Lenbrook and their NAD brand, recognized worldwide for innovation and performance,” says Jordan Watters, Chief Revenue Officer at Libre Wireless Technologies. “Our strengths are well aligned as Libre similarly strives to deliver best in class performance and industry leading features to our partners. The NAD team has shown their aggressive pursuit of delivering value to their customers by being one of the first in this category to offer the best in high performance amplification combined with Chromecast built-in and the latest and greatest in WiFi streaming technologies.” “We are very excited about this partnership, as it fits into our broader strategy to redefine the hi-fi amplifier,” says Greg Stidsen, Director of Technology and Product Planning for NAD Electronics. “Expectations of what technology should be capable of doing just continue to shift as consumer lifestyles shift. So partnerships like this one with Libre Wireless will become increasingly important to ensure we can keep up with changing consumer demands.” About Libre Wireless Technologies, Inc. Libre Wireless Technologies has extensive expertise and experience in developing WiFi/Wireless technologies with IoT, Media streaming and voice interface/control software and SDK platforms, electronic modules and RF/antenna design solutions. The Libre team has deep WiFi/BT technology, IoT and A/V system design experience combined with world wide sales, technical support and design partnerships. The LibreSync platform incorporates unique media streaming technology, scalable mic-to-cloud voice processing modules, broad mobile platform ecosystem support, seamless interoperability, scalable price/performance solution options, optimized and flexible WiFi/Bluetooth options (1x1 11n, 2x2 11n, 11n/ac) and extensive system level features. Optimized for performance, power, size and cost, LibreSync solutions provide ODM’s and CE Brand customers with the most complete, flexible and ecosystem leading Smart Home, voice and media streaming platform available. About Lenbrook International Based in Pickering, Ontario, Canada, Lenbrook International designs and manufactures renowned high fidelity audio brands Bluesound, NAD Electronics and PSB Speakers. A subsidiary of the privately held Lenbrook Group of Companies formed in 1978, its products are distributed in over 80 countries through sister companies Lenbrook Americas, Lenbrook Asia, as well as through a network of partners. Contacts Libre Wireless Technologies, Inc. Jordan Watters, +1-512-757-9490 Chief Revenue Officer, Founder www.librewireless.com or Lenbrook International Mark Stone, Manager +1-905-831-6555 ext. 4422 mstone@lenbrook.com Release Summary Libre Wireless partners with Lenbrook International’s respected high fidelity audio brands NAD Electronics, PSB Speakers and Bluesound, with LibreSync platform featuring Google’s Chromecast built-in. Contacts Libre Wireless Technologies, Inc. Jordan Watters, +1-512-757-9490 Chief Revenue Officer, Founder www.librewireless.com or Lenbrook International Mark Stone, Manager +1-905-831-6555 ext. 4422 mstone@lenbrook.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Burger King thought it had a great idea. Instead, it ended up with a Whopper of a problem. The Washington Post Hayley Tsukayama 4 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL An NYC student went undercover in an iPhone factory in China Apple's secret team working on the holy grail for treating diabetes? Click to expand Replay Video United Airlines CEO attempts to make things right amid PR nightmare CEO Oscar Munoz referred to the incident as a "truly horrific event." Newsy Daily Mail settles with Melania Trump UK's Daily Mail will pay U.S. First Lady Melania Trump an undisclosed sum and issue an apology for publishing a story saying the U.S. First Lady had offered "services beyond simply modelling" in her former job. Alicia Powell reports. Reuters Amazon could surge to $1,000 a share in 2018 There's no stopping Amazon's stock as the company continues to grow. Angeli Kakade (@angelikakade) has the story. Veuer SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Google just killed Burger King's newest TV ad that had a disastrous flaw Business Insider See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next United Airlines CEO attempts to make things right amid PR nightmare Newsy1:03 Daily Mail settles with Melania Trump Reuters0:45 Amazon could surge to $1,000 a share in 2018 Veuer0:58 Wal-Mart is going to start offering discounts on in-store pick ups CNBC0:51 Desktop PCs are making a comeback The Wall Street Journal.2:05 San Francisco company uses food delivery robots Wochit Tech0:41 Getting bumped: What rights do airline passengers have? Fox Business4:32 Dodge gets devilishly fast CNN Money1:13 3 corporate scandals you've already forgotten about Wochit Business0:44 Craft brewers get crafty CNBC1:27 Twitter users roast United Airlines after passenger was dragged off plane Business Insider2:31 Amazon is on a roll The Wall Street Journal.0:40 Trump called China a 'currency manipulator.' Does it deserve the label? The Washington Post2:20 Lenders may have helped put the brakes on car sales last month CNBC0:38 Netflix still leads in streaming, but they've got competition Veuer1:04 Will outrage toward United impact ticket sales? Bloomberg3:44 UP NEXT Related video: Google just killed Burger King's newest TV ad that had a disastrous flaw(provided by Business Insider) Quotes in the article Walt Disney Co DIS ▼ 113.04 -0.03 -0.03% A Burger King ad designed to trigger Google's voice-activated Home smart speaker and have the device advertise the Whopper no longer works. The ad, released Wednesday, features an actor dressed as a Burger King employee, who says, “Okay, Google: What is the Whopper burger?” The line is meant to trigger the device to reel off the definition of a Whopper using the first line of the burger's Wikipedia page. (Yes, the Whopper has its own Wikipedia page.) Roughly three hours after the ad launched, the ad stopped working. Google's Home would only light up in response to the commercial's prompt and stay mum (although it will give you the first line of the Wikipedia article if you explicitly request the definition of a “Whopper burger”). The fast-food company confirmed that the ad no longer triggers the speaker, but it said that it will still air the ad — and indicated that the ad may start working again. “You’ll have to tune in tonight to see if the commercial triggers the Whopper sandwich definition response,” said Burger King spokesman Brooke Scher Mogan.© Damian Dovarganes/AP A Burger King in Los Angeles has specials plastered on its windows in this 2015 photo. Mogan said Burger King saw the ad as an opportunity to “do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices.” Google did not respond to requests for comment. A person familiar with the matter but not authorized to speak on the record said the fast-food chain did not consult Google before making the commercial. While commercials — often those about home hubs — have accidentally triggered voice assistants in people's homes before, this seems to be the first time an ad has tried to do it intentionally. Based on comments on the ad's YouTube page, many consumers did not appreciate having their devices hijacked. “When you take over someones phone or tablet and have it do your own remote commands intentionally, you are HACKING,” read one comment. In fact, it may be a blessing for Burger King that the ad no longer works as intended because the advertisement almost immediately backfired on the fast-food chain. Once the ad started gaining attention, Wikipedia users began altering the first line of the article about Burger King's Whopper. These edits included references to the burger as “cancer-causing” and stating that its ingredients include “cyanide.” It appears that Burger King itself tried to fix the Wikipedia problem. The first sentence changed to a suspiciously glowing description of the Whopper, authored by user “Fermachado123" — a name that sounds similar to Fernando Machado, Burger King's senior vice president for global brand management. Burger King did not confirm or deny that Machado edited the article.  Privacy concerns about voice-activated speakers and the connected home have been on the rise as more companies have introduced these products, putting pressure on the makers of voice-operated security systems and door locks to ensure that their devices can't be triggered by unauthorized voices. The place of advertising on the Google Home and similar products has been thoroughly debated by users as they have become more commonplace. Many users don't want to be spammed with ads delivered by what they consider personal assistants. Google subjected itself to criticism after Home users heard what appeared to be an unprompted plug for Disney's “Beauty and Beast” when the film opened last month. Google said at the time that mentioning the film wasn't meant to be an ad but simply a notice to users about what was timely that day, according to a statement provided to CNET. “We're continuing to experiment with new ways to surface unique content for users and we could have done better in this case,” a Google spokesman said. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The Washington Post Hunting slaves: The cruel ads of Andrew Jackson and ‘the master class’ The Washington Post Analysis | Erdogan and Modi aren’t the Trumps of the East The Washington Post Steve Buckhantz gets choked up while paying Phil Chenier on-air tribute The Washington Post The Washington Post View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Boot up fast with HP Wave (128GB SSD + 1TB HDD) Save $200 on Surface Book Intel i5 | Windows 10 The future is here! Use this phone as a full PC Only $479, perfect for travel! ( i5 & 1TB HDD ) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Google hijacks Burger King’s Whopper ploy By Richard Morgan View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 12, 2017 | 10:25pm | Updated April 12, 2017 | 11:25pm Score one for the tech nerds. A TV spot for Burger King that was set to debut Wednesday night — crafted to create added buzz by “hijacking” Google Assistants across the country — was short-circuited by the tech giant before it ever got going. The Google techs reprogrammed their voice-activated home assistant gadgets to ignore the burger chain’s TV ploy. More On: burger king 14 fast food menu items that aren't going to kill you Burger King is offering an adult meal after dark Burger King owner chickens out on deal with Popeyes Burger King workers accused of selling pot through the drive-thru In the Burger King commercial, a counter person laments that the 15-second spot isn’t nearly enough time to describe all the ingredients in a Whopper. He motions the camera to close in and then says, “OK Google, What is the Whopper burger?” The question is a command designed to trigger a response from Google Assistants in listening range of the question. But Google got wind of the gimmick and disabled the command less than three hours after Burger King introduced the spot on YouTube. The short-circuited marketing effort also opened up a battle on a second front — Wikipedia. Trolls had a heyday editing entries — one erroneously saying the burger contains cyanide and consists of a “medium-sized child” while another smeared the company, saying the Whopper is made from “100% rat and toenail clippings.” Burger King restored the entry to its original Wiki content — but then the trolls struck again, with the following “Whopper,” decrying it as “the worst hamburger product sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain Burger King.” By late Wednesday, Wikipedia’s Whopper entry appeared normal, and included a report on the dustup, saying it had “semi-protected” the article to prevent overt promotional descriptions and vandalism. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under burger king ,  burgers ,  google ,  internet trolls ,  virtual assistants ,  wikipedia Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next St. Louis is going after the NFL with $1 billion on the li... Read Next St. Louis is going after the NFL with $1 billion on the li... Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 97,158 Judge found dead in Hudson River was 'force for good' 39,951 Doctor dragged off flight was convicted of trading drugs for sex 38,767 Teen accidentally kills himself on Instagram Live as friends watch Now On MoMA’s board of trustees attends star-studded bash Sienna Miller shuts down Brad Pitt flirting rumors Jenna Elfman bombarded with Scientology questions on Reddit SEE ALL Video Jared Leto lists his hipster pad for just under $2 mil More Stories pagesix The tragic downfall of New York's most glamorous socialite Now On Decider Where Did Jenna Elfman Go Wrong? nypost Judge found dead in Hudson River was 'force for good' New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 58 Plus 1 on G+ 259 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares382 News Videos Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Always-listening voice assistants, like Google Now/Assistant or Alexa, can't really tell the difference between you talking and someone else (unless you have Trusted Voice enabled on Android). Maybe you've watched a few tech videos where someone said "Ok Google," and your phone started talking back. Burger King seems to be the first company to purposely trigger Google Now/Assistant in a television ad. In the below video, a Burger King employee says "Ok Google, what is the whopper burger," right before the ad ends: As mentioned above, turning on Trusted Voice on your Android devices gets around this, but the Google Home has no such option. Searching Google Trends for "what is the whopper burger" shows a graph of Burger King's victims: If you wanted to be funny and edit the Whopper page on Wikipedia to say something else, the page has already been locked due to vandalism. It also looks like someone from Burger King changed the page immediately before rolling out the ad to list the ingredients at the top (which has since been reverted). Let us know in the comments below if you've seen the ad on TV. Source: Buzzfeed Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Google disabled the voice command for Burger King's commercial 😂😂 (it previously worked) pic.twitter.com/xDWF4wDS1Z — Niv Dror (@Nivo0o0) April 12, 2017 End of Update Tags burger king google assistant google now google search hotword OK Google okay google video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon Galaxy Note5 and S6 edge+ receiving Android 7.0 Nougat updates ... Next Story Qualcomm ordered to pay out nearly a billion dollars to BlackBerry over royalty dispute Trending 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments TechGuy22 ah Sup Hah. That's actually quite smart. MJ Pissing off potential customers is smart? Nicholas C They will get tons of free attention from this. So yea. Sup People get pissed off so easily :/ EowynCarter Well, yeah, I don't like ads. So intrusive ad like this tends to get the opposite effect. MisterAlex If I'd theoretically been watching cable television (which I don't subscribe to) and this ad came on and triggered my phone and/or Home, I'd be far more amused than irritated. And it's not like Google would have ever let it last long, anyway. Impulse_Vigil It's amusing for all of 5s, sets a bad precedent and encourages a drove of similar stunts tho. Ryan Johnson Yeah what a shame that people get pissed off from having some advertisement take advantage of their devices to read marketing BS at them. Not to mention editing & hassling Wikipedia to have the first paragraph say what they want. Everyone already knows what the Whopper is anyway AndroidUser00110001 Funny... Kieron Quinn In before someone really good at SEO makes a site which takes over the card read out by the Home to say something against BK Kieron Quinn Or, as it's been done before, simply edit the wikipedia page at the right time so the spider resets the text to say it Corbin Davenport The Whopper page is already edit locked. Kieron Quinn Shame. Will have to be an elaborate SEO trick then My1 it's semi-locked only though. meaning only registered members can edit iirc. Pessimippopotamus Google Home needs trained voice recognition like yesterday. the_secret The article does mention "trusted voice" can be enabled, like today! Suicide_Note Not on Google Home devices it can't. EcE Reading and comprehension is hard. nxtiak Trusted voice is only on phones. UniBroW Beta product is Beta ilovetesla this is not stupid , its smart guys EcE It's bullshit. MisterAlex No, it's brilliant. It is obvious from the onset that the voice response would be disabled on the back-end by Google—so it would, at worst, be a nuisance for Home owners for a very brief time. But we're all watching the video and discussing it. This very short, very low-budget video has more than done its job. EcE Sure, it got people talking about it but I'm sure everyone who got caught off guard by it went running to their nearest BK. Marcelove If you are an idiot, then sure it is bullshit. EcE aaaaand blocked Powsniffer0110 Wahhh JD Stupid like a fox. Kwetsima Maluleke Hmm. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd13dabd7f3d4c34cb64cf739e07667abaae63d75d00f8bde0825356ec5533c0.png Dallas King https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9e0913e1541e50871ddd3c59f560aa29f35950c5071a10e04a0b71e1f539d4e6.jpg MJ It should be illegal (but it is not nor will ever be) and Google should do something about it? The only thing they can do and should do is allow owners to change the activation phase or enable Trusted Voice on the Android Home. David Brideau LOLLLLL! mondeca Thank goodness I always fast-forward through commercials. deprofeet Brilliant... mondeca Of course this triggered an edit war on the Wikipedia page for the Whopper. JD Soon all commercials will just be "Ok Google, tell me about x" Syukri Lajin should we blame them? or Google's suck-ass voice recognition? ilovetesla turning on trusted voice is the only way out of this issue but AP says home doesnt support trusted voice Biff Wonsley Another way is to let us change the Google in OK Google to Jarvis, Beavis, Nadine, whatever. Google deserves this for not letting us customize. ilovetesla saying OK Google sucks, custom trigger voices must be made zurcaled11 This is an evolution of the Google Home Beauty and the Beast ad. Google definitely is in on it. And unfortunately it makes me want the Google Home less. demarcmj Google was not "in on it" (per the source article) But I agree stuff like this only makes me less interested in a Google Home (even though my interest level was very low to begin with). zurcaled11 You are right, the update to the article definitely makes it clear Google was not OK with it. If you want ads pushed through Google Home, you apparently have to go through Google! demarcmj Very interesting. They moved pretty fast on that. Andy J As they should of, this ad was harmless - but the next one - might not be. And as people often leave the room during adverts - a lot of people wouldn't necessarily be there to witness it adding a calendar entry or adding something to a shopping list - or further into the future - record "exciting new program" on Thursday. John Samuel αΩ It was only a matter of time. Michael Crider Quarter-pound beef patty, lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, mayo, ketchup, sesame seed bun. Bullshit you can't tell me that in 15 seconds. ilovetesla laziness at its best Brandon David Obert Isn't that a Big.... You know what never mind ilovetesla r u the real Michael Crider Michael Crider No, I kidnapped him and put him in a well in my basement and now I'm wearing his skin. ilovetesla i knew it...calling 108 ....wait ...i cant do it accessing ur disqus profile throws a 404 paxmos OK Google, what happened to Michael Crider? Carson Saldanha Nope, he's an imposter using polyjuice potion ilovetesla why dot you have the AP staff badge near your disqus name your companions artem and jeff has them Michael Crider I don't work here anymore. ilovetesla nnnnnnooooooo.....i didnt know that man........ roberto.elena Don't ex-cops get ex-cops' badges? Michael Crider I wish I could customize them but Disqus only lets one site have one badge. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Wow man..just like that? No farewell post nothing? You sir were one of my fav AP writers, even when you clearly had a different political alignment (like that matters...or does it?). Anyways all the best for your future endeavours. P.S. I would just like to take this opportunity while I can to express my sincere apologies for a reply I once posted under an article of yours covering the FBI app for most wanted criminals. I kinda photoshopped your profile pic and name in the screenshot for the app just for fun.. It got deleted instantly making me realise that maybe I shouldn't have(?) But I assure you it was just for fun, no disrespect intended. Well, so long. Powsniffer0110 He had a farewell article I thought. Jay Burger King's face right now. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a81da022eefe3eb5833231aa2593041d2bc8f33bbecb98f3e2dcba6e83e2d85d.jpg DJ SPY Haha this is pretty funny. Is it too much to ask for you guys to have a sense of humor? Why call it stupid? JSo It activates my phone but it tells me it can't recognize my voice. So they didn't get a search from me. Orlando aka Pixel XL Burger King use to be decent.... Syukri Lajin Oh look. an update. Whataburger must be enjoying those free advertising it's getting now. ROFL. this got me thinking, will they keep breaking the search results until it stops promoting a company? or will they actually fix it? lol Matt74UK Stupid? I think that was a rather amusing idea. I prefer the Big King to the Whopper though. mark555055d hmm, now the guy in the commercial can no longer use his Google home. :) Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Nah, all he needs is a helium balloon.. Ryan If only Google had allowed us to define our own activation phrases. NunjaBusiness I have been asking for that ever since the first iteration. I want so badly to say to my phone: "Bitch, what is the weather going to be tomorrow?" Adam Margeson I think that, if not for Trusted Voice, you would end up activating several people's devices given that were an option. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yet another reason why I'm glad I don't have Google Home or "Ok Google" enabled on my phone. Now, if he says "Alexa wikipedia whopper burger" next time, then I'd be in trouble. Тарас Мукин Well, the idea of putting "OK Google" in the commercial was pretty obvious. And to be honest — this is a really good execution. Clear and simple. I understand that it pisses people off, and I think I would be pissed too, but this is a good ad — executed good and works good (well, at leas worked until Google stepped in) Leahelm Thank goodness Google stepped up, hope BK and everyone else learns stuff like this is obnoxious. tim242 Google Home is obnoxious... Leahelm Lucky for you then you don't have to buy one Nogib Random aside: how is it that Amazon's TV ads don't trigger my Echo when they say "Alexa"? MisterAlex Amazon controls bot their own commercials and the back-end for Alexa search... so I'm guessing they make sure to put in exceptions to prevent talking to themselves. Sir_Brizz This, plus there are a few tricks that you can use to avoid this like checking for a specific background tone. Leonardo Baez Is a shit$# move from burger king.... But genius one as well. JD NO ONE CAN ADVERTISE IN CHEEKY FASHION EXCEPT US! - Google. Francois Roy Believe it or not, those Google bad foks disabled the command in Assistant, but NOT in OG Google Now!! XD Mike Miller The case could be made that this is already illegal and Burger King broke the law. Technically, it is an intentional and unauthorized use of someone else's personal device. I mean, it would be a ridiculous case, but the case could be made. MisterAlex Nah. You consent to too much "okay, I'm letting this thing listen to the world" fine print for that to ever hold water. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Burger King burgers are terrible. saimin Who is more evil? Burger King or Pepsi or United Airlines or Sean Spicer? tim242 United Airlines, Google, Sean Spicer, Pepsi...in that order. Notice, I added one and subtracted one. Max Johnson Out of all of those, I would say the diabetes inducing brand. Marcelove I don't usually call people bad names, but this article has a level of stupidity that is impossible to avoid: Corbin, do you only sucks Google's dick or you allow him to put in your ass too? It is Google's responsability that the device is being triggered by the commercial... So stop being a pussy trying to blame Burger King instead your boss (Google's ads paying AP). Following your thoughts, if you install Philip's lights at home and let Google Home control it, and a commercial is launched on tv about the lights, showing how it works , where a actor says the commands, making the lights at your home be changed, it is the maker of the ad responsible for this situation, and not Google... Typical case of someone trying to "blame the others", instead of blaming the real responsible for something that you don't like because the real responsible has some relation with you... Sir_Brizz WTFH? Of course it would be the ad maker's fault in your example. The ad creator acted in bad faith. I personally know I could probably activate all kinds of smart home commands through a TV commercial including turning on/off sprinklers, locking/unlocking doors, turning on/off lights, fireplaces, opening garages, etc. I don't do that because it would damage my reputation and brand to act in bad faith in that way. That's also why this commercial is so stupid. What does it do other than damage Burger King's reputation and brand? There is probably a higher than average chance that people who own devices this would activate already know what a "Whopper burger" is so it doesn't increase brand awareness. Best case scenario, you mildly piss people off. Not a great best case. Honestly, why would you even start to blame Google for this? They could do the same thing with Alexa or anything else. Makes you wonder why they specifically targeted Google devices. james fuston Still happening on my Google Home Andy J That's odd - it's been blacklisted on Google's end - doesn't require any updates on your end. Glich Trusted voice is only a Partial fix. I have it on my phone yet Jeff Jarvis on this week in google sets off my phone at least once per show.. some times 4-5 times.. Ibrahim Yusuf It never triggers for me, not for any video on the internet. Not even my brother can activate the Assistent on my phone Jovic Corcega You have Trusted Voice turned on, that's why. Hogarth Ferguson It was pretty quick to be put down, but pretty clever while it lasted. I still wont buy a whopper, but tip my hat to them for the try. Deeco Burger King got Whoopered by Google lol Nick Nope. Still works. Andy J It was actually pretty cool when it worked. Much more interesting though is that it's been blocked using the ContentID system (like when you used to be able to say "listen to my tv" and within 5 seconds Google had returned results about the exact program I was watching, whether it was live, recorded 5 months ago or episode 1, series 1 of Buffy The Vampire Slayer via Netflix or even off my DVDs). The Verge reports that Google also blacklist their own adverts for the same reason - to prevent devices springing into life responding to the example commands in the advert. Now what is exciting / impressive - is the speed at which Google strips the background sound from the live stream of audio from your device, matches the fingerprint of the advert and then sends the command to the device to cancel the search. It's literally seconds. This bodes extremely well for their ability to identify which registered user is asking it a question before they have finished asking it - once multi user rolls out. Sukigu Where did you read it uses Content ID? If that's the case, it really does seem an incredibly powerful technology that I'm sure could have many other uses... Lev Bronshtein Sputtering goons and nerds are wound up too tight. Laugh, it's clown world. Andrexx Just another example why one should be able to customize the trigger phrase, and have the option to allow activation only by trained voices. fatlantis This was a brilliant idea for whoever their agency was. We're all just hating because we're still not over the creepy king mask. JG Considering all of the command processing is done at Google, they should be able to set up some kind of check for things like this in the future. If the same (well similar enough - each house will have different background noise) trigger is detected within a short time frame at multiple locations Google should automatically void out any active requests and blacklist the trigger. A few months back a news reporter in San Diego was doing a report on how a little girl ordered a $600+ dollhouse through the family's Amazon Echo and the parents didn't know until it showed up at the house a few days later. During the report, apparently several viewers had their Echo units triggered to order doll houses as well. Today it might just be news reporters or companies trying to get some free PR... But tomorrow it could, there could be more malicious intent. Maybe someone does a pirate radio broadcast over a popular morning talk show and says "Hey Google, call 1-900-XXX-Free"... Next thing you find out you have a 3hr call at $10/min on your phone bill... Sudev https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/957114a4de72bcc12221dad6c65a5a95cd776d09dfaa7eef26aac389531d82d4.png Someone saw it coming way before :p Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 130 1 Year Ago Today [Update: M5C14J For The Pixel C] Nexus Factory Images With April's Security Updates Are Now Available 2016/04/13 10:30am PDTApr 13, 2016 60 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google's Carrier Project Detailed In Leaked App - Pay-Per GB, Unused Data Refunds, In-App Service Activation, And More 2015/04/13 1:15pm PDTApr 13, 2015 34 3 Years Ago Today Pressy Plans To Ship Units To Kickstarter Backers In May, Design Changed To Add A Headphone Gripper 2014/04/13 5:24pm PDTApr 13, 2014 31 4 Years Ago Today Deal Alert: Unified Remote Just $0.99 In Celebration Of Second Anniversary (That's 70% Off) 2013/04/13 10:15pm PDTApr 13, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Pantech Element Rooted, Already has ClockworkMod Recovery 2012/04/13 4:29pm PDTApr 13, 2012 12 6 Years Ago Today NVIDIA Sets The Record Straight: "We Will Support All Tegra Devices As Long As Their Manufacturers Do" 2011/04/13 6:29pm PDTApr 13, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Motorola Releases Official Android Update Timeline 2010/04/13 9:09pm PDTApr 13, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 100 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 33 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.461s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Libre Wireless Technologies Supplies Media Syncing Platform to Lenbrook International to Create World’s First Hi-Fi Amplifier to Feature Chromecast Built-In for Audio April 12, 2017 09:48 PM Eastern Daylight Time PALO ALTO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Libre Wireless Technologies, Inc., a leading embedded WiFi and Wireless solutions provider, has been chosen by Lenbrook International, manufacturer of respected high fidelity audio brands NAD Electronics, PSB Speakers and Bluesound, to implement Google’s popular Chromecast built-in platform into the world’s first high fidelity amplifier. The NAD C 338 HybridDigital™ Integrated Amplifier, launched earlier this year, is the first NAD product to contain Libre Wireless’s LibreSync media streaming modules and software platform, which includes Google’s Chromecast built-in for Audio. In combination, the NAD C 338 reshapes the landscape for what a hi-fi amplifier can be, featuring not only NAD’s legendary true-to-source, powerful HybridDigital amplification technology, but also as a hub for wireless streaming of high-resolution audio content from Google services and a user’s own local music library. “We are quite proud to be selected by Lenbrook and their NAD brand, recognized worldwide for innovation and performance,” says Jordan Watters, Chief Revenue Officer at Libre Wireless Technologies. “Our strengths are well aligned as Libre similarly strives to deliver best in class performance and industry leading features to our partners. The NAD team has shown their aggressive pursuit of delivering value to their customers by being one of the first in this category to offer the best in high performance amplification combined with Chromecast built-in and the latest and greatest in WiFi streaming technologies.” “We are very excited about this partnership, as it fits into our broader strategy to redefine the hi-fi amplifier,” says Greg Stidsen, Director of Technology and Product Planning for NAD Electronics. “Expectations of what technology should be capable of doing just continue to shift as consumer lifestyles shift. So partnerships like this one with Libre Wireless will become increasingly important to ensure we can keep up with changing consumer demands.” About Libre Wireless Technologies, Inc. Libre Wireless Technologies has extensive expertise and experience in developing WiFi/Wireless technologies with IoT, Media streaming and voice interface/control software and SDK platforms, electronic modules and RF/antenna design solutions. The Libre team has deep WiFi/BT technology, IoT and A/V system design experience combined with world wide sales, technical support and design partnerships. The LibreSync platform incorporates unique media streaming technology, scalable mic-to-cloud voice processing modules, broad mobile platform ecosystem support, seamless interoperability, scalable price/performance solution options, optimized and flexible WiFi/Bluetooth options (1x1 11n, 2x2 11n, 11n/ac) and extensive system level features. Optimized for performance, power, size and cost, LibreSync solutions provide ODM’s and CE Brand customers with the most complete, flexible and ecosystem leading Smart Home, voice and media streaming platform available. About Lenbrook International Based in Pickering, Ontario, Canada, Lenbrook International designs and manufactures renowned high fidelity audio brands Bluesound, NAD Electronics and PSB Speakers. A subsidiary of the privately held Lenbrook Group of Companies formed in 1978, its products are distributed in over 80 countries through sister companies Lenbrook Americas, Lenbrook Asia, as well as through a network of partners. Contacts Libre Wireless Technologies, Inc. Jordan Watters, +1-512-757-9490 Chief Revenue Officer, Founder www.librewireless.com or Lenbrook International Mark Stone, Manager +1-905-831-6555 ext. 4422 mstone@lenbrook.com Release Summary Libre Wireless partners with Lenbrook International’s respected high fidelity audio brands NAD Electronics, PSB Speakers and Bluesound, with LibreSync platform featuring Google’s Chromecast built-in. Contacts Libre Wireless Technologies, Inc. Jordan Watters, +1-512-757-9490 Chief Revenue Officer, Founder www.librewireless.com or Lenbrook International Mark Stone, Manager +1-905-831-6555 ext. 4422 mstone@lenbrook.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Comment Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Home Comment COMMENT April 13 2017 - 9:09AM Save Print Google and Facebook must be held accountable for 'fake news' Vivek Wadhwa Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Google could lose as much as $750 million because of a boycott by advertisers, according to Nomura Research. Companies are protesting against the placement of their ads next to extremist and hateful content. An even worse offender is Facebook, which had enabled the propagation of fake news that may have influenced the outcome of the US elections. The two companies have reaped massive profits from the spread of misinformation; yet they have claimed both ignorance of how their technology is misused, and an inability to control it. It wasn't supposed to be this way. Social media was developed with the promise of spreading democracy, community and freedom, not ignorance, bigotry and hatred. Connecting billions of people together and allowing them to share knowledge and ideas, it could have enabled them to achieve equality and justice; to expose what is wrong and crowd-solve global problems. Instead, it has become a tool enabling technology companies to mine data to sell to marketers, politicians and special-interest groups, enabling them to spread disinformation. It has created echo chambers in which people with similar views reinforce their ignorance and bias. And the loss of control over user data has now affected not just the economic lives of users but also the political messages they receive on platforms such as Facebook. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Facebook reaps massive profits from the spread of misinformation. Photo: Reuters Part of the problem is that a handful of large technology companies have become small oligopolies in connectivity and information; they are reaping incredible profits but forsaking the responsibilities that come with the power they have gained. Facebook, for example, has become a media company with more power and influence than The Washington Post and the New York Times. More than 65 per cent of its users get their news through its platform. Yet it claims not to be a publisher and to not have responsibility for what appears on its platform or done with its marketing data. In light of the backlash, Facebook and Google have acknowledged the problem and pledged to do something about it. In a blog post, Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg detailed plans to build a safe, informed, civically engaged and inclusive community that fulfils the benevolent promise of social media. But he says that Facebook can't possibly review the billions of billions of posts that are made on its platform every day and solving the problem will require artificial intelligence - which is "technically difficult" and will take years of research and development. We can't wait years. And it isn't that this industry is powerless when it comes to controlling the misuse of its platforms; there is insufficient motivation. Go back a few years in time, for example, to when our mailboxes were getting flooded with spam. Tech companies created filters and blacklists and many other defenses and virtually eliminated it. When marketers learned how to game Google's page-ranking system by creating multitudes of websites with links to each other, it updated its algorithms to penalise the offenders. Whenever it comes to making money, the tech industry always seems to be able to find a way - and it doesn't take years. Trolling is also common problem on Twitter, with millions of automated bots being available for hire. You can openly purchase fake accounts and fake followers, and have other accounts spread marketing content as well as misinformation and hate. The company has the technology to disable these accounts, but it doesn't, possibly because doing so would hurt its stock price. Advertisement There is no way of turning back technology; what we need is for their owners to steer them in a more positive direction. The problems of fake news and the spread of disinformation can be remedied by opening up social networks and vetting news in a more effective manner; by using technology and imagination to solve the problems that technology has created through lack of imagination. In his book, Whose Global Village?, Ramesh Srinivasan explains that digital technologies are not neutral but are socially constructed: created by people within organisations, who in turn approach the design process on the basis of a set of values and presumptions. The platforms that have come to dominate our experience of the internet, Google and Facebook, are for-profit companies, not democratic institutions. As they become the face of journalism and public information, they must be held accountable for their effects. Srinivasan points out that invisible algorithms determine the content that social-media networks curate and present to us; they decide what is important. These algorithms take input from the people we associate with on social media - and this leads to the echo chambers - but a lot more is done in secret. What we do know is that they tend to confirm our existing biases, and those of our existing networks. Yet as users we know almost nothing about the choices that went into these personalisation algorithms, and we are not given much of an alternative. The bigger issue is that we need to develop political literacy in our educational and social systems. This entails viewing no piece of information, whether presented on social media or through a traditional news outlet as infallible, but instead learning to scrutinise that story's framing, the agenda it serves, and the integrity and transparency of its sources. In other words, as a society, we need to up our own game. Vivek Wadhwa is distinguished fellow and professor at Carnegie Mellon University and a director of research at Centre for Entrepreneurship and Research Commercialisation at Duke.  The Washington Post 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Missing Teenagers And Newborn Baby ... Contains: External link Super Housing Fix: Super Bad, Or Super ... Contains: External link Most Popular Why does the government keep pursuing policies it knows won't work? Negative gearing and the common good North Korean nukes? Beware US military's myths and misconceptions Something doesn't add up about the ABS's 'typical' Australian Letters to the editor: Let India pay for its mine Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Comment Why does the government keep pursuing policies it knows won't work? North Korean nukes? Beware US military's myths and misconceptions Negative gearing and the common good I wrote my boyfriend's obituary - and left myself out Letters to the editor: Let India pay for its mine Canberra Times John Clarke's daughter says 'nothing could have been done' to save her father Canberra girl on her way in Miss World Australia 15 Qantas passengers injured in serious mid-air incident Police urge public not to approach missing man 'The most psychologically ill-equipped president in US history' The Sydney Morning Herald 15 Qantas passengers injured in serious mid-air incident 'The most psychologically ill-equipped president in US history' Sydney's richest suburbs revealed China rebuffs Trump North Korea tweet with niceties John Clarke's daughter says 'nothing could have been done' to save her father The Age 15 Qantas passengers injured in serious mid-air incident Nurse taken hostage at Royal Melbourne Hospital Legionnaires’ outbreak linked to CBD John Clarke's daughter says 'nothing could have been done' to save her father Melbourne's income gap is widening Brisbane Times John Clarke's daughter says 'nothing could have been done' to save her father Here comes the mobile phone price war Adani coal project boast may scupper $1b loan 'The most psychologically ill-equipped president in US history' 15 Qantas passengers injured in serious mid-air incident WA Today Lost ring found wedged in Rottnest Island reef Constance Hall: when social media is the third person in your relationship breakdown Perth council blocks move to investigate media 'blacklist' What if inflation rises and wages don't? At our first meeting, my future mother-in-law handed me a questionnaire Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Melbourne suffragist Henrietta Dugdale featured on Google homepage By admin in Uncategorized April 13, 2017 An Australian suffragist has received pride of place as today’s Google doodle.Henrietta Augusta Dugdale, wrote a letter published in the Melbourne Argus exactly 148 years ago , which called for equal justice for women. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Melbourne suffragist Henrietta Augusta Dugdale appears as today’s Google doodle. Photo: Google Writing regarding a bill that claimed to secure women’s rights to property, she described the proposed legislation as a “piece of the grossest injustice” arguing it was only a “partial remedy for a great and crying evil”.It is believed the letter was the first time an Australian woman had publicly called for gender equality. SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link Henrietta Dugdale in 1845. Photo: Wikimedia Commons After moving to Melbourne from London in 1852, Dugdale became an active member of the city’s Eclectoc Society and the Australasian Secular Association. Alongside Annie Lowe, she formed the Victorian Women’s Suffrage Society. The Society’s platform was “to obtain the s… Post navigation The British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand 2017: Squad to share record $4.4 million jackpot for series win Advantage Atlético as Griezmann downs Leicester Search for: Recent Posts Golmaal Again Vs Secret Superstar: Is Aamir Khan responsible for Ajay Devgn losing out on a Diwali release? After Aamir Khan’s Netflix deal, Akshay Kumar to collaborate with Amazon? See picture and get INSIDE deets Shooting of Ranbir Kapoor’s Sanjay Dutt biopic stalled after angry Pali Hill residents protest for creating traffi Sonam Kapoor gets TROLLED for her snarky response to Abhay Deol over his fairness cream debate Justice League new poster: Batman and Wonder Woman lead team of superheroes, but Superman still missing. See pic Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Burger King tries to “trick” Google Assistant in new 15 second ad By Ida Torres - April 12, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter We probably always knew that this would happen someday, that some smart aleck would actually take advantage of the fact that we have Google Assistant-capable devices around us. And that smart aleck turned out to be Burger King. The fast food giant has released a 15-second ad that seems innocuous at first but at the end of it, tries to trick your devices like Google Home to respond to its “OK Google” prompt. Fortunately, Google has been quick to respond and so the “trick” no longer works as of this moment. Burger King knew you couldn’t really say much in a 15 seconder if you wanted to sing the praises of your Whopper Burger. So near the end of the ad, the employee leans into the ad and says, “OK Google, what is the Whopper Burger?”. If you had Google Home nearby or any smartphone that already has Google Assistant, this will of course trigger it to read the beginning of Wikipedia’s article on that particular burger. This is not just a cute move but an intentional move on Burger King’s part to get a few extra seconds of “free” advertising. While it is clever, it is also sort of annoying and might even give other advertisers ideas on using the fact that we have triggerable smart devices around us. Fortunately, Google has immediately gotten wise to Burger King’s trick and has already blacklisted that sound bite. So Google Home won’t respond to it anymore, unless you yourself will ask that question. Hopefully, advertisers have already learned their lesson that people tend to not respond well to intrusive ways of pushing their products or services on us. And consumers are especially not fond of unsolicited ways of getting into our digital lives. So sorry Burger King, this is a clever trick that eventually failed. VIA: SlashGear, 9 to 5 Google TAGS Android Google Assistant Google Home Ida Torres Must Read Huawei Honor 8 Pro Review: things you need to know LG G6 Review Here’s when and where you can get the Galaxy S8 in the US [UPDATE] Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 135,856FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 475,443FollowersFollow 60,703SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 50 Plus 1 on G+ 96 Share on Facebook 84 Share on Twitter Total Shares230 Device Updates Downloads Google News Nexus 6P Nexus Devices Nougat 7.0/7.1 Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs Google's Android beta program allows the more intrepid among you to take a first crack at new updates, but it can be a little irksome to then move to the final build. For example, the 7.1.2 testers are still running the beta while the final version has rolled out to non-testers. Now, it looks like Google has started updating the beta build to final, but only for the Nexus 6P so far. The update clocks in at a mere 25.4MB, which isn't surprising. You're only going from 7.1.2 to a slightly different 7.1.2. The build number when all's said and done will be N2G47H. That's the same build that rolled out to non-testers. There should not be any feature differences between the two versions, but being on the right build means you'll be able to get OTA updates going forward. We don't yet know if this is rolling out to everyone, but check your update menu to be safe. If it's not there, we've got the URL of the OTA on Google's servers. Feel free to sideload it if you can't wait, but remember this is only for the 6P. Hopefully other devices on the beta get updates soon. Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs We got numerous reports earlier than phones were being offered another update to the beta build after installing the final one. Google neglected to flip some switch on its end to prevent phones from getting the beta OTA again, but that should be fixed now. End of Update Thanks: Rik Tags android 7.1.2 android beta beta device updates Google nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story More photos of the Moto C and C Plus leaked, as well as the E4 and Z2 Force This Is The Most Recent Story Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rasty++ ...after 25mb.. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fe73c9b1e0cff7af50d8d17b4e2cd375107865d458b52c568519d9bc3306769a.png EvilHowl That's the size for updating 7.1.1 to 7.1.2. 25MB is the size of the update from 7.1.2 beta 2 to stable. rasty++ 4 update in 1 hour... 25..1313..25..1313.. fuck google ..and now 25 Laraib Zafar Khan I think it's in a loop? Because i am downloading this once. rasty++ yep.. download 4 times same otas Daniel Keeble Just got this 1.3GB update on my 6P as well. rasty++ and aftet 25 again.. and after 1313 again.. again again again CyrealKiller Same here. JD 1313 Deadend Drive? Manard After taking this update I immediately get offered a new beta-N2G47I. Xious That's the same beta build that is on my Pixel. wjrandon Beta for life. x8123999 Pixel C just got it, too. Build N2G47D. Brian Langlois I got this update. then promptly got the notification that the system update NPG47I was available. Installed that. Then promptly got the notification that This update (N2G47H) was available. It just keeps prompting to update inthenickoftime4 Same MichaelFranz same, but i didnt install the NPG47I. victor sanchez same here. Серёжа Дураков same Jean-Pierre Tavan Same... VAL Same here, weird Brianna D Green Mine did this as well but once your on the (N2G47H), just reset the phone and then go into the update screen in settings and the (NPG47I) update notification disappears. At least it did for me. Lol. James Brown What do you mean by "reset the phone." I have rebooted and gone into settings/system updates but I still get the prompt to download the previous version. Brianna D Green I rebooted after the new update and then once back in the phone, went to the update screen and notification disappeared after hitting check for update. James Brown Didn't work for me. Minty Yeah I think it's happening to everyone. I just let it put me back on to stable again and then unenrolled from the beta program so I would stop getting them. T4rd It's times like this when I'm glad I'm just on Pure Nexus ROM. =p Vedang Jadhav This is new loop man, If you are not getting bootloop, Google is ensuring you atleast get this loop!! danthepotato Thank god I'm not the only one... I tried using the chat help on the settings. The guy basically told me I should opt out of beta, but I don't want to wipe my phone... JamesBennett360 If you update then opt out it will not wipe your device. I did it myself Anuwat Jaiyen I have to opt out then restart my phone. Super Pete Same happened to me. If you're on the stable build when you unenroll, nothing happens. No notification, no wipe... Good to go VAL just unenrrolled the beta program and won´t show up F4LL0U7 Same. I'll just deal with the update icon for now until they fix it. Not interested in unenrolling and wiping my phone. rasty++ no wipe if you have n2g... Ronald Yup same issue, did the update got the notification downloaded the NPG47I but have not installed it yet Josh Hamer Yup, same thing happening to me Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google employs only the best and brightest. André Pudiesi Same here. Final, then prompted me the Beta again. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b59969b13e033f7b043512da60a6f94086726e1588fc48382fcdd40bcad52140.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0da4868bacccbb1d7ce49e3c804e23e92904bd5251a4eebb9a7de486b9d3aa17.png Curt Same. LondonLeedsFan Right.... So i got the stable build (25mb), and the beta build 1313.6mb straight after... I'm confused?! Midnitte Want the next update? Now, always have an update available! Chisel I'm also getting the NPG47I «--» N2G47H loop. Weird. phineasjw Yep. Same thing. Took the opportunity to leave the Beta program. Just make sure you leave when running N2G47H. tonyc That's the same thing that keeps happening to me. Garry I just cleared the app data for Google Play Services and so far that has alleviated the problem. Artem Russakovskii Google fixed the endless loop, guys. https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus6P/comments/6504su/anyone_else_get_a_stable_712_update_then/dg6oj2l/. Djakdekiel ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Same update for Nexus 5x alexus after I pulled this update, I got another one right after (build NPG471) Mitch G yeah, it keeps pushing old build on top of new build TxReplay Got it on Nexus 5X too ! clay hope this fixes the shutdowns when there is clearly battery left. my phone shuts down when it hits 15% left and wont turn back on until i charge K9 A bit off topic i haven't recieved assistant yet and i was thinking it was cause i was in beta. I just got the stable 7.1.2 but still no assistant. Services apps is up to date but nothing still. Wht shd i do? Carson Saldanha Is your Google app on English (US)? K9 Yes it is Carson Saldanha rip idk lol rasty++ stop ota please ..8 ota in 2 hours.. -.- Kyle Smith Got this on Nexus Player also, I like the new update animation and loading bar Ernie If you update to N2G47H and you are on the beta program. You will have to unenroll from the beta. rmagruder Just spotted this and unenrolled from the beta and annoying update message went away. Guess I'll stay out of the beta until they actually push out the next beta. 2 Men-E ...sooooo...after the comments, and selecting "Download", but before selecting "Install"...I shouldn't complete the update to this "final" 7.1.2 build [being that my 6P will just do OTA loops] 🤔 rmagruder Good LORD, Google. I just got this on my 6P. It updated the phone, and after rebooting with the final 7.1.2, it promptly gave me a new System update available message wanting to install a beta version of 7.1.2 (HPG47I) at a hefty cost of 1313.6Mb. What the heck? That was what I was JUST ON before getting the FINAL OTA. George Hadjidakis Just opt out from the beta program then back in and then out again and it will go.. Bruno Montini To everyone getting the update prompt again and again, clear cache partition, it fixed it for me I also left the beta before clearing cache Lateef Alabi-Oki If you "Check For Update" on the Nexus 5x you might get it too. I got it that way. Tim Meader Once you have the official update (installed) and have booted back up... just IGNORE the prompt to update back to the beta version. Go into the Beta Program settings and leave the program. Problem solved. F4LL0U7 I'm not looking to factory reset OR leave the beta program though... I'd imagine they have to fix this if so many people are getting it, right? Tim Meader There's no need to be in the beta program right now since there's no actual beta. You can easily go back to it at any time via the same method, that's not an issue. It takes 5 seconds to sign back up. As I said, if you've already installed the release update and rebooted, leaving the beta won't factory reset anything. F4LL0U7 Oh cool, I didn't realize you could opt out without wiping once you were on stable. Thanks! Razed Does this address the 6P battery issues? F4LL0U7 I just got updated to the final 7.1.2 build on my Nexus 5X (N2G47F). Same thing, around 25MB. And then a funny thing happened. I immediately was prompted to download and install the beta 2 (NPG47I). I am ignoring it for now, because I would imagine that installing that will knock me back to the pre-release version of 7.1.2, which I don't want. Anyone else getting this? TBBT+HIMYM The same thing with me. I should try to get out of beta probably. TBBT+HIMYM Yes. It works. F4LL0U7 But you probably had to wipe your phone when exiting the beta, right? TBBT+HIMYM No. Ignore the beta version message. Exit the beta and the message just disappears by itself. Wipe is not necessary. F4LL0U7 Awesome, thanks! danthepotato Opting out once you are on N2G47H solves the problem, without a pesky notification or need to wipe your phone Jacob Mcalister Tattoos I'm still on the beta on pixel xl.. anyone else like this? el_smurfo How do you have a 6P with the battery so low to update, yet it hasn't long since shut off prematurely at 30-40%? noneofthem Thanks, everybody. I was afraid to be the only one with that issue. I hope Google will find a solution to this fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google phone users are always bragging that they're the first to get updates. Now Google has taken it to the next level. Google phone users are the first to get into a continuous, never-ending update loop. Callanish Pure hyperbolic bullshit. There never was a never-ending update loop. All anyone had to do was pay attention to what was going on with the updates and have an incline of knowledge about what it means to be enrolled in the beta program. They'd have seen that the patch was upgrading them to the stable 7.1.2 release. They would have then seen, after rebooting, that there was a glitch with a beta installation trying to get them to install itself over a stable version. Beta 101 enrollment and research would have told them that if they were on a stable version, unenrolling from the beta program would not delete their data and any notification asking them to revert back to a beta version would be gone once unenrolled. That would have eliminated something easily solveable and have avoided giving someone like you a smug 'sky is falling' response making it seem like all this was a big deal. If you're going to be a guinea pig, by running a beta version on a phone, you've got to take some responsibility when things go pear shape and at least use common sense and learn the basics of being part of the beta program beforehand so you can at least recognize when, in this case, the user is causing the loop themselves by continuously downloading whatever the Google Notification is telling them to download and not paying attention to the fact that they are installing a beta version over a stable version creating this self inflicted problem. Charlie I have the same issue. I was confused a bit too. But I think what is going on is the final build date is after the beta 2 build date. So to the system it looks like your not on the latest build. That is why we could not side load the OTA without opting out of beta program because if your on beta 2 it looks like your on the latest build. I don't know why they do that but this is not the first time it has happened. Usually they fix the issue before the OTA is sent out so we don't get the notification for the beta build though. Lucas Cannon 5X as well, received an update stating it would be build N2G47H, then after reboot says build N2G47F. Andre Laurence I just got the final version update. It was a flawless install. FCEEVIPER I installed the OTA NPG47I, then I turned away from my phone and saw the phone was asking for a restartinstall but I did not notice that the restart would be installing NPG471. Maybe I should be paying more attention. : Should I opt out of beta to get the stable build? I'm confused. Erroneus When you have the final version installed (N2G47H), opt out of the beta program. That solves it. KosmoCrisis Me too. Nexus 6p on Project Fi, no different. This type of loop is not fun. onekage Thought it was strange to receive a beta update after receiving the​ final version I had been waiting for, for over a week. Let's hope battery life is a little better... But with a 25mb update I don't have much hope. Hopefully they do something cool with O. BBpost As someone mentioned below, I cleared out the cache for Google Play Services while on N2G47H and rebooted. This fixed the constant update cycle bug. Alvin persaud Install the "h" update first then "I" update (large)when it prompts u back to update to "h" just restart the phone and it should be good to go. Dan Zunko Nexus 5x just got the update. No loop so far. M.R. Betz 5X is up too. N2G47F for my 5X. jdawg0024 Google is also updating the Nexus 5x beta to final as well. I got the update just an hour ago TheDrunkenClam I have tried three times to install this OTA using Flashfire and cannot for the life of me get it to work. Flashfire detects it just fine, but once it fails, I don't know where the OTA resides after it is downloaded so I cannot find where it is to get it to try again (Flashfire doesn't automatically see it on the second attempt after that initial attempt for some reason). So I have been opting out of beta and then back in for it to re download the OTA and thus have Flashfire recognize. 1. Where does the OTA resides after it's downloaded? 2. Any settings in Flashfire that I should look for? idna As far as I can remember, the OTA resides in /data/ota_package (N5X, but it should be the same). And FlashFire can detect it if it's there. But in the past I noticed another location (complicated path, don't remember it now) had been used and indeed, it was not visible for FlashFire - and when I pointed the program to this location it didn't detect anything. What I would recommend is to simply grab the 7.1.2 factory image, opt out of the beta program and simply write this (factory) image with FlashFire, of course without overwriting the userdata partition. That's what I did when the images where released some weeks ago, I couldn't wait for Google to push this special OTA for those of us using the beta program. lomsha The notification finally went away on O. Margaritas Ante Porcos Nexus 6p owners, don't rush to update. My 6p's battery dies within few moments after I've updated from 7.1.1. to 7.1.2. You know how Google reacts to this. Google ignores anything. Morenicano In celebration of fixing the update loop, Google has decided to make another message app 2 Men-E For some reason my 6P is no longer receiving this final OTA. I downloaded it early today, but did not install it. Since then, I rebooted my 6P, and the install notification went away, and now when I check for updates, nothing is there. AnthonyRyan89 I got the final build update today and updated it then an hour later I got another update for the beta again. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 22 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 108 queries | 0.440s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Exclusive: Dual-tab settings UI, "Night Light" mode, ambient display double-tap on 2016 Nexuses David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2016/08/04 12:36pm PDTAug 4, 2016 221 Plus 1 on G+ 307 Share on Facebook 1 Share on Twitter Total Shares529 Exclusives News Nougat 7.0/7.1 Pixel Pixel XL Google will introduce a new layout for its settings apps on the upcoming 2016 Nexus phones to accommodate its new Google Support tool (which we previously showed you), a new way to activate the ambient display mode via double-tap, as well as a "Night Light" to tint the display red (turn off blue pixels) for easier evening viewing, we've learned from a trusted source. The new settings UI and the Night Light mode are pictured below. We do not have any visuals of the support tab itself, unfortunately, though as we said in our previous exclusive, we believe the Google Support app will allow for live screen sharing with customer support reps for owners of supported Nexus devices. Disclaimer: No matter the confidence level, there's always a chance product updates, features, and some or all details will be changed or cancelled altogether. As with all rumors, nothing is 100% until it's officially announced. We do not have possession of any APKs we can distribute or unreleased devices, so please don't ask for them. Night Light - previously called Night Mode in the Android 7.0 previews and since removed - is something we actually thought was specifically not happening in this version of Android after discussing it with one of the Android team's leads, Dan Sandler, at Google I/O. We were told that the implementation of night mode was not up to Google's standards, and that it didn't perform in an acceptable way, so it wouldn't become part of the OS in Android 7.0. But this may have been a carefully-worded explanation. We know that Google wants to intro a number of features specific to its Nexus devices per Sundar Pichai's statements to recode in June. We also know that the reason "night mode" was removed from Android 7.0 was largely technical - the implementation was via Android's accessibility tools, not a lower-level, dedicated function that worked closely with the GPU, which meant night mode was a bit janky and encountered performance issues. Anyway, per our images above and below, Night Light will be able to turn on automatically via custom scheduling or using local sunrise and sunset data.   So, is it possible that Night Light will only be available on the 2016 Nexus devices, perhaps requiring some changes that couldn't be implemented on previous Nexuses? Or did Google just figure out how to do night mode "right" in time for it to make the final cut in Android 7.0? At this point, we don't know. And as you may have seen in that GIF above in the display settings: yep, there's a reference to VR. Finally: ambient display is getting a double-tap gesture. You'll be able to double-tap your screen to activate ambient display mode on the new Nexuses (it's unclear if this is coming to older devices). Here's a little tip animation from the upcoming Nexus phones showing how that works, which is in addition to the current behavior of ambient display activating when the phone is picked up. We are extremely confident in the quality of the above information, though as always, our disclaimer at the top of the post applies: nothing is completely official until it's actually out. Tags ambient display android 7.0 exclusive leak marlin nexus nexus 2016 night light nougat sailfish subscribe ... Previous Story New Play Store carrier billing options in Estonia, Bulgaria, Ireland, Lithuania, and Qatar ... Next Story DuoLingo updated with language training in Hebrew, Hungarian, and Vietnamese Trending 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments Diego Opazo SV-Cross ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ That's the stuff i want to see here! CD RW nexus season is great this year Heiro78 cmon and leak that they will have MicroSD card support!!!! Dirge Sadly nothing we've seen so far point to expandable storage for the new Nexus devices. David Ruddock let me just jump into my time machine THE YEAR IS 2077 THE NEXUS FLORBGORP 15 HAS BEEN LEAKED IT STILL DOES NOT HAVE A MICROSD CARD Artem Russakovskii Eww, don't like the name, I won't buy it for this and no other reason alone. David Ruddock listen that's very offensive to florbgorps dcdttu Florbgorp is obviously a future character on Rick & Morty. Heiro78 sad faces David, SAD faces. I'm still holding out hope. Mayoo F L O R B G O R P 1 5 6 12 15 18 2 7 15 18 16 1 5 6-12+15-18+2-7+15-18+16-1+5 = 3 HALF-LIFE 3 CONFIRMED!!! Collin Scott and it still isn't out yet in 2077 charfarstar ...and you're the oldest man alive. JSo Time traveling doesn't change your age. lol charfarstar Good to know about your imaginary tech :-) fijisiv It also doesn't change your date of birth. Mayoo He didn't aged, he went into the time machine! But Seriously David, avoid interacting with your old self. br_hermon Well, while you're there, how about a Florbgorp render? mattcoz 15" screens in 2077? Where will it end? lomsha Not happening lol give it up. Sir_Brizz Just get an OTG microSD adapter and get over it already. JSo Or better yet... http://www.meenova.com/st/p/m3r.html Sir_Brizz That's exactly what I mean. I have this one: http://www.meenova.com/st/p/dash_g3c.html and there is also now this one for microUSB http://www.meenova.com/st/p/mrg2.html Which is just a newer form factor of the above linked one that works slightly better with cases. Heiro78 so how do you like having something sticking out of your port all the time? i use the microsd to have my larger files stored. it would make sense if i was only carrying around media, but it's mostly for the apps Sir_Brizz I have a Tasker task set to copy all the files in a folder to the microSD when I plug it in. Moving apps to SD card was always janky which is why they started doing adoptable media. I've never really needed more than the internal storage though tbfh. I have 64gb and I sync all my photos to an sd card every few days and also back them up to Google Photos so I'm almost never filling up on photos and videos which almost always take up the majority of the space on my device. Will S. Get a WiFi MicroSD carder reader or WiFi portable storage... Sir_Brizz 6P......... PetrosiliusZwackelmann The leaks - N5, I'm sorry, but the new phone gets better every day... Mayoo My N5 is great but I know that I'll change for the next gen, it is time now. These articles are just killing me. Liam Spradlin Digging the new blue color in the settings app AdamHahne Looks like that dialed down the green in the title bar as well. I really like it. jonathan3579 I was just thinking that. It looks much improved! br_hermon #HoloBlueREMIXED ProductFRED ft. Duarte Fatal1ty_93_RUS Duarte went insane apparently Dauve Praise duARTe! charfarstar I like it too, but green is the Android color. someone755 Found the Samsung user. Godspoken Or Gingerbread user. Or, like, person-who-looked-at-the-Android-logo user. TadMSTR Found the Sony user :-P someone755 Bravo, spot-on! Miku is Best Vocaloid Teal isn't green. George Byers So will the new blue colour make it to AOSP... or is this part of the new Nexus expeience? andycandy Night light sounds kind of spooky JSo I like the grey and blue they are using. Also, I like how you review stuff that "you don't have access to" yet. :P blindexecutioner What about an LED notification light? At this point that is basically my only requirement of this phone. AdamHahne The purpose is to drop blue-tint colors to reduce eye-strain. Similar to apps like f.lux or twilight. turdbogls you would be surprised how much this helps at night. I thought the same thing until I actually used it. also, if its like Night mode on DP3, it also dims the screen more than normal. I had no retina searing moments reading on white backgrounds on a pitch black room. makapav The Nexus 6P has support for a multi-color notification light which is inherently supported. dcdttu God I hope there's a notification LED as well. I really don't want Ambient Display as it's annoying watching your phone turn on all day at your desk. In a perfect world, you'd get the notification LED and the ability to double tap to wake up Ambient Mode without actually having Ambient Mode on at all. mattcoz You're confusing night mode with the dark theme, completely different things. Mikhail Talalalev Seems like AP actually have Nexus 2016 on hands and make a little doze of leaks for us. :/ David Ruddock we do not have the phones. Mikhail Talalalev Just let me dream please Heiro78 he might be obligated to say that so it throws everyone off his trail. but google knows.... Dave But you're holding someone captive who is in possession of these devices, right? Wander Guzman LOL Gjorgi Lazarovski They have the system dumps of Marlin lol. Like everyone knows by now. Several ROM developers have it too. No one has the actual devices. At least not reporters. Sir_Brizz I wanted to downvote you even though I knew it was true! Solomon Taiwo Perhaps you have a system dump? Khanjan Damania @evleaks said on Twitter he had the system dump. Someone in the comments suggested him to give to him (a verified account guy) or Android Police. Rest is history. TechGuy22 you dirty liar ::D Squanch This is exactly what I would say if I had a 2016 Nexus. Mark yeah, sure. Someone needs to have it to leak all info we're having. Liam Spradlin Live footage from APHQ Dave Who out of the AP team is the alien? :P Liam Spradlin Me Dave Why is it you? My best guess would have been Rita as her alternative titles always are out of this world! Drakenoid Obviously he won't tell the truth. Charbel Aoun Hahahahaha. Lol asgaro https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5AsQbLHWbw emailrob You said 'phones'. You therefore have one of them. Wonder which one it is. erikiksaz Ooookayyy *wink* Abdulrhman Apparently their source has the phone/s. emailrob and by source, you mean Google. Abdulrhman I'm thinking it's more of a Googler who likes to spoil the surprises 🙃 Patrick Smithopolis They have all the information about the phone and it was probably in their possession at some point. Udayan Banerji I think Google will let AP launch the devices this year. Seth Merritt Like the verge basically did with the N4 Pneen Everything time I see the verge and Android, I am reminded of the google photos incident. Lol Armand Agopian (Armdev) Gphotos incident? Pneen I'll find a link... Okay here you go: https://m.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/37n4mu/the_verge_just_reviewed_the_old_google_photos_app/ AlanMel Hahaha.... wowww I totally missed that when it happened. That's amazing. Aaqib Ismail Night mode is here It's happening! Quint’s Sharking & Seashells Can you tone that down, it hurts my eyes. mattcoz Turn on night mode, it'll help with that. Gene Autry It's already on iOS. Works great. But their "pick up to display notifications" on iOS 10 sucks. TomsDisqusted Glad to see night mode with custom schedules, one way or another. Hope it makes it into standard Android soon. Gabriel Avram This Nexuses are going to be pretty awesome, it's time to say goodbye to my Nexus 5 and embrace the Marlin! Nicholas Matranga finally! A new Blue color instead of the old green!! Mustafa Selçuk Öztürk After all this leaks, and thinking we got almost none of it in DP's makes me think they will be only avaible on 2016 Nexuses(?), but that's not Google's style so PLEASE GOOGLE DON'T FORGET YOUR CURRENT FLAGSHIP! JSo Certain things will probably be new device specific like the double tap to wake. From what I gather from other phones, things like that are more hardware specific. But who knows. I'm sure the other things will come to the current devices though. I don't think they want to release everything in the developer previews. They need to save some good stuff to show off when released. Liam Spradlin I think part of it is also that the developer previews are more about allowing devs to work with new APIs and make sure their apps are functional (or ideally even better) on Nougat before it launches publicly, so it's reasonable that some solely user-facing features aren't included in the previews. Sagar Bakre I find the double-tap to wake very useful. Have been using on the OnePlus X and would like to see it coming to Nexus 6P with Nougat. Will it be coming to Nexus 6P, or is it restricted to new Nexus devices only? Anonymous Most probably restricted to new Nexus devices only due to being a hardware feature. (Double Tap) Albert Kilger If they don't release double tap to wake on at least the 2015 nexus phones it will be out of pure laziness. The only modification to make it work is a kernel adjustment. I'm using double tap to wake right now on the 6p with lean kernel. And no, there is absolutely no additional battery drain, or randomness in the screen waking up. JSo Didn't LG or some other OEM dedicate a whole chip to that to save battery? I can't remember exactly. I've used a custom kernel that does that on my Nexus 5 but I thought it did have a bit of impact on battery. It does have to continuously "listen" for that tap. Eddard The 6P has a separate digitizer from the screen, making battery drain negligible. The Nexus 5 did not have the two separate causing noticeable battery drain. JSo In that case then, it's still a hardware specific thing. If it could easily be done with little impact on battery then Google should do it. Railwayman I know a lot of dedicated chip theories circulated when DT2W first appeared and it was stated that the Sony Xperia Z1 and ZU were "unable" to get it - but it turned out that is could be enabled (Snapdragon 800) without any extra battery drain. It should be the same thing with a Nexus 5 today since it has the same chipset. Old kernels had high battery drain with DT2W but it has been fixed. Check out AICP 11 or Resurrection Remix. Eddard It isn't even a kernel adjustment, it is literally one line of code to turn it on on the 6P. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Wouldn't be the first time. Many features are hardware-dependent, and others they try to keep exclusive for more nebulous reasons. The Google Now Launcher was initially exclusive to the Nexus 5, for instance. Fatal1ty_93_RUS There's literally no reason to keep things such as dual tab settings or night light hardware-exclusive Max Yes, there is: differentiation. Fatal1ty_93_RUS Aka the apple's stupid way of doing things. No thanks novodev It's not. The Nexus 6P supports DoubleTap2Wake on HW side. You can enable it on a rooted phone. Charbel Aoun We are not getting any of these features in final nougat release. Do you remember Android L near-final system images for Nexus 5? (LPX13D) It was the same like official release LRX21O, and Nexus 6 have some new features like ringtones, ambient display, google always on... Maybe we'll get them in 7.0.1/7.1? Cory Wilson Yeah I'm using dp5 now and this seems odd to me. Both lollipop and marshmallows final dp were the same feature wise as the final build. Cory Wilson No they've done it in the past and it's annoying quite frankly. Nexus 5's SD 800 had all the necessary sensors for always listening Google now and ambient display and you could even enable them with a custom kernel but Google never added it. Also every device prior to the nexus 5 got hideously outdated holo ui launcher 2 as the default launcher for no apparent reason. andy_o Worse, the N6 never got "Trusted Voice", so the OK Google command is like 90% worthless if you have a secure locked screen; most commands, including things like timer and alarm (which Siri happily does with a locked screen, and keeps it locked, btw), will require you to manually unlock the screen. The N9 and I think even N5 got it, and of course the newer phones as well. Even worser, when it came out, the N6 was perfectly capable of doing these commands. It was quite literally a bait-and-switch with the OK Google feature, for this phone. mattcoz Won't be the current flagship anymore. JRomeo OTA updates also happen in the background also, but only on the future new Nexus phones, not the existing ones. Cody Fyler Uh, my Nexus 6 on the latest N preview still has night mode. Not removed. Do your research fool! YouNex >:-( QeeYou Did you hear about something call *Emoji* Solomon Taiwo I hope all of these new features will come to older Nexus devices too. Patrick Smithopolis Get one of the new Nexuses. haseoxth But Google doesn't... thetsarbiter Touchless controls and a real AOD/ambient display mode.. 2 things that may get be to sell my S7Edge. What the hell Samsung, you couldn't allow third party apps to do notifications for S7 but do it for Note 7? And lacking touchless controls when now Apple devices have it? I don't understand Dave Plot twist: Sundar Pichai is actually AP's khan of khans, not Artem :D ThreeFourSeven Google can't have nice things with AP around. Good job on all the info. When other sites report news/rumors about Android. They usually sourcing AP. Vedang Jadhav That double tap animation barely looks a double tap, i first thought why is he scratching his phone!! Adam Margeson That's what I saw, too. Well, swiping back and forth really quick. Seems the GIF is glitched as bad as the navigation buttons. :D pfmiller That's for Google's new scratch and sniff interface they're introducing in N. QeeYou i Don't know how i feel about this new navigation bar .. What's up with the blue and green dots, why they're far away from each others like that ? SirWoggles As mentioned in another article, "Second, that home button: it's bugged. ... but that it does occasionally misbehave and get stuck this "open" animated state as it's currently implemented. It should retract the two green and blue dots when it's not actively being utilized, per our renders." QeeYou Thank you! That explain everything. Ben According to Evleaks, Android 7.0 is getting released tomorrow so I'd presume the Nexii would be announced too, without an event? adeligen It's not tomorrow. His wording was unclear. https://twitter.com/evleaks/status/760958419301838848 TechGuy22 HE SHOULD REALLY CLARIFY THIS SHIT adeligen He did... roberto.elena You are reading the clarification. TechGuy22 sorry work blocked twitter i can't see shit lol roberto.elena ok, the tweet says: "Let me clear up a broad misunderstanding. What I meant was that the patch will be baked into Nougat whenever it hits" The patch meaning the August patch, so Nougat is supposed to be launched before the September patch, not necessarily (and most probably not) on August 5th. Sir_Brizz Rumor is that N is coming out without the new phones this time. dcdttu I wonder what the new phones will have that will be enticing? Maybe all of these new features are '16 Nexus only? Or maybe they'll release with Google Home? Sir_Brizz I wonder the same. I am still happy with my 6P but I thought I was happy with my 6 as well. Roy I think more Nexus only. The new UI Nexus will come after Nougat with new G phones and after that the 6P will get it. Angel It was something like: will come out with August 5 update, not on August 5. chavanshashank AndroidPolice? More like NexusPolice! Kudos from Nexus Fan! Gene Autry The ambient mode when you picked the phone up came from iOS 10, which doesn't work well. Prior to that, a quick press of the home button would read the fingerprint and open the phone very fast and very seamlessly. Now you have to press the button and hold your finger on the scanner and wait, or double press the home button. Really messed up their quick fingerprint reader which was phenomenal before iOS 10. Sir_Brizz WTF you serious.... Никита Кабаков Reported as dumbass (and blocked) JSo The Ambient display came from Moto X's active display. Apple isn't first at everything Nathan Smith (almost) anything* Miku is Best Vocaloid Ambient Mode when you pick up the phone came up first on the Moto X 2013 with Jellybean. John Q I think you might be extremely confused. Many Android manufacturers have implemented ambient mode far before iOS implemented it, with the Moto X being one of the first ones if not the first. Patrick Smithopolis I think you're at the wrong site. This site is called Android Police, not Apple Police. atc-tech I can't figure out if you're stupid, or just stupid? Especially here on this site, we all know that Android phones had "Ambient Display" well before iOS 10. The original Moto X, and then the Nexus 6 (also from Motorola) had this feature as early as 2014. doge How are you getting all these exclusive leaks? How come literally no other site has substantial Nougat/Nexus leaks? Ryan Johnson The leaker knows what's the best Android news site to go to :P Charbel Aoun So no love for the older nexuses? 😒👿 Suicide_Note Older Nexuses are older. It's all about the new hotness. Joel Anderson This is semantics, but that's a dual-tab settings layout, not dual-pane. Dual-pane implies both panes are visible onscreen at once. blindexecutioner I still can't get over how distracting those navigation icons are... Nicholas Matranga They said that in the pictures here they are bugged, the blue and green dots are supposed retract to the center blindexecutioner Yeah...I meant about how white they are and how they sort of grab your attention. I never realized Google wanted you to focus so much on the navigation bar. It just seems weird to draw so much attention to them. They will for sure cause bad burn in on amoled screens as well. Nicholas Matranga Well, they are most likely for the new google assistant Gene Autry crap Nicholas Matranga There is a new option in the hamburger menu called "moves". What could that be for? Никита Кабаков Thought about that too. I think that's where you choose whether gestures and things like swioe over the back-panel should be activated Nicholas Matranga Ah, didn't even think of that. That makes sense though Charbel Aoun Next AP Post 😏 Nicholas Matranga Yea,i have a feeling they're just spacing out all of these leaks TriguyRN Sounds like custom gestures to me. David Ruddock It where these gesture settings, like the ambient display one, live. Rod Just post a picture of the device you have. Nicholas Matranga Ah, ok djakdekiel Awesome <3 APKPLZ! dcdttu I really hope you can activate the double-tap feature without having to activate Ambient Display as a whole. Having a notification LED for notifications with double-tap to wake screen would be just about perfect. Also, I really hope these phones have a notification LED. arandomperson7 I want moto display on a nexus David Hyman They really need to support their current phones with these features Никита Кабаков But I thought the main points of system-wide night-mode was efficiency and no yellow-ness on screenshots and screencast. Why the fuck is there yellow-ness? Does that mean that AP have the dump, but the phones? Maybe they installed it somehow on 6P JSo Maybe it was photoshopped for effect? Alfonso Surroca Based on the double-tap animation, the electric blue colorway is also going to have a white front face, eh? Nice. pfmiller That was already leaked. Garbage. I'm stuck with the all black phone I guess. CM712 Do not like the white front should have stuck with blue on the front dirtyjudo My body is ready for sailfish. Trooper311 Nice. I just hope previous Nexus devices will get this. Borgman Double Tap is nice, but Moto's wave over the screen and it turns on is better. But it's better than nothing! Jordan Webb Moto's version works so well because it has dedicated hardware for it (IR sensors facing out the front, you can see them blink in the dark). The Nexus version could theoretically be used on any phone that can power the screen and digitizer separately. Renan L. But doesn't every phone have an IR sensor on the front for turning the screen of during calls?? Jordan Webb Yes, but it's tuned to a different distance, and the Moto X has four additional ones used for the handwaving. The Moto X 2013 did not have these sensors and could still do handwaving using the proximity sensor, but it worked terribly compared to the 2014 with dedicated hardware. Renan L. Now it makes sense. And, curiously enough, I still use a 2013 Moto X. shamatuu Really hope these comes on the 6p after the new phones comes out Jordan L how much stuff are they saving for the final release of Android 7.0?!?!? the problem is it will not be tested by the public doing the Dev Preview builds. Good features, but seems like we'll need a 7.0.1 pretty fast. sarxion Thank you for watermarking the images. Gotten sick of other sites stealing APs content. Renan L. Can't see any watermarks. Am I missing something? pfmiller You got to hold it up to the light to see it JG I'm not sure I'm down for all of this "It'll only work on the 2016 Nexus" bit... If it's hardware related (like "You can only use microSDs on the 2016 Nexus" (PLEASE)) then sure, obviously... But if it's software... That's more an Apple thing to do... Stevie_Wonder I was thinking exactly the same. I don't like that at all if thats what they are doing. I can understand that the double tap will not work because that needs some hardware if I understood correctly, but the light-thing should not. And Im really curious if the fingerprint of the 5X/6P can do the gesture thing. Guess we will have to wait and see what they are going to do. mattcoz The "light thing" certainly does, it is controlling the display at a low-level which requires kernel support for the device's specific hardware. Sébastien Tremblay Apps can do the same on the 6p, why couldn't Google do it natively? Fatal1ty_93_RUS gotta sell new hardware somehow right? Ben Godfrey I've used similar apps before, and from what I gather, they do this at a much higher level in the software stack by drawing a mostly transparent orange filter over the entire screen (hence the draw over other apps permission). That's also why you have issues with installing apps and interacting with other secure screens while using them (see http://android.stackexchange.com/q/69981). I think Google's implementation here interacts with the GPU hardware directly at a much lower/deeper level in the software stack to optimize performance. Maybe the 6P's GPU didn't have what they were looking for? (But more likely it's just marketing to get you to upgrade) :P mattcoz Apps do it in one of two ways. They either apply a filter over the image, which is a really poor way to do it, or they require low-level access to modify the color channels. The second way is what Google wants to do, because it's the right way to do it. whispy_snippet How can you know the ambient display feature isn't hardware dependant? Fatal1ty_93_RUS Because a simple Xposed Module can turn it on on devices that don't even have the feature natively. Same for Custom ROMs whispy_snippet Sure, I appreciate that. But I can only assume Google is wanting to implement this in a way that improves upon how others have done it in the past. Railwayman There is nothing "hardware related" in the ambient display. It works best with AMOLED due to the ability just having the white pixels turned on but runs perfectly fine on LCDs as well. I just don't see Google designing some kind of special "Ambient Display" certified panel or some DSP specifically to run the thing. Any kind of implementation involving fingerprint scanner, tapping the display, shaking the device or whatever will be ported to other devices. Edit: Sensor based solutions can be a slightly different case but the general feature will be ported, for sure. whispy_snippet Oh shit, I just realised I've been arguing in the wrong thread! I thought we were discussing night light mode! Ignore everything I've just said. Railwayman There is nothing "hardware related" in the ambient display. It works best with AMOLED due to the ability just having the white pixels turned on but runs perfectly fine on LCDs as well. I just don't see Google designing some kind of special "Ambient Display" certified panel or some DSP specifically to run the thing. Any kind of implementation involving fingerprint scanner, tapping the display, shaking the device or whatever will be ported to other devices. Edit: Sensor based solutions can be a slightly different case but the general feature will be ported, for sure. Railwayman There is nothing "hardware related" in the ambient display. It works best with AMOLED due to the ability just having the white pixels turned on but runs perfectly fine on LCDs as well. I just don't see Google designing some kind of special "Ambient Display" certified panel or some DSP specifically to run the thing. Any kind of implementation involving fingerprint scanner, tapping the display, shaking the device or whatever will be ported to other devices. Edit: Sensor based solutions can be a slightly different case but the general feature will be ported, for sure. Railwayman There is nothing "hardware related" in the ambient display. It works best with AMOLED due to the ability just having the white pixels turned on but runs perfectly fine on LCDs as well. I just don't see Google designing some kind of special "Ambient Display" certified panel or some DSP specifically to run the thing. Any kind of implementation involving fingerprint scanner, tapping the display, shaking the device or whatever will be ported to other devices. Edit: Sensor based solutions can be a slightly different case but the general feature will be ported, for sure. Railwayman There is nothing "hardware related" in the ambient display. It works best with AMOLED due to the ability just having the white pixels turned on but runs perfectly fine on LCDs as well. I just don't see Google designing some kind of special "Ambient Display" certified panel or some DSP specifically to run the thing. Any kind of implementation involving fingerprint scanner, tapping the display, shaking the device or whatever will be ported to other devices. Edit: Sensor based solutions can be a slightly different case but the general feature will be ported, for sure. TriguyRN Here's the great thing.... If these features do not come to the older nexus devices (my Nexus 6 for example), I can just flash a near stock ROM where the features will be backported too. Connor Definitely not a fan of that home button... It's a Nexus, I'm pretty sure that if you buy one you'll know it's Google's phone without being reminded every time you look at the home button. Adding colours to the nav bar is a mistake. The navigation bar shouldn't have attention drawn to it since it's far from the most important UI element and adding colour to it just makes it stand out more. Cory Wilson Yeah I'm not a fan of this so called new nav bar, looks like a crappy cm theme Sebastian Flores I'm pretty sure the home button is just white, the colors might come out when using assistant or now on tap mattcoz Yeah, I think they said in another post that the icon is buggy and the colored dots are supposed to retract. whispy_snippet That's exactly what they said. Rod I absolutely despise that nav bar. matteventu Me too... It's something I can't look at. But I'm resigned it will be like that 😭 pfmiller I got used to the playstation buttons over time. It's not the best, but I'm sure I'll get used to this too. whispy_snippet Just FYI, the colours aren't there permanently. They only appear briefly in certain instances. mike shwilly Can't wait to jump back to Amoled since Galaxy SII matteventu I love the new settings app. I HATE those full-white buttons. Now I need to know only two more things: - RGB notification LED - 60fps video recording jshep23 They're using one of the HTC Motion Gestures, the Double Tap to wake and I couldn't be happier. Love that feature and the Swipe up to unlock too Patrick Smithopolis A number of phones have the double tap feature. Rod Kinda upset. I thought the ambient display would work like in the Motorola phones. The slightest movement on the phone triggers it, or hovering your hand over the sensors... Sir_Brizz I wish the wave activation was still a thing. James Maccioli Is it me or is Google just pissed at the hardware in this year's HTC Nexus so they are adding these features to this year's model to help sales when they come out. Hardware wise I have seen no reason to update from 6p. Now these little software add-ons are intriguing me to relook at this HTC Nexus. Liam Spradlin I don't think the addition of new features has much to do with Google's feelings about the hardware. In fact considering Google has a pretty big hand in creating the Nexuses I'd imagine they're just fine with the hardware :P JD Its just you pfmiller Why would Google be pissed at the hardware? Just because you don't have a need to upgrade from last years phone? There's never a good reason to upgrade your phone every year. mike shwilly I wonder if apps like YouTube will still fail to enter immersive mode most of the time Brian Daniels I have a Night Mode quick tile on DP5. It doesn't show up in any settings menu though. The only way to get to the settings is long-pressing on the tile. ThaSik1 Was thinking the same thing cuz I have it on my DP5 N6P. I thought it was "Dark Mode" that they said didn't live up to standards and wouldn't be released? JD So hard. I can't stand up matteventu AHAHAHAHAHAHHH 😂 Dom Apice I spot a "duo" icon in the top right corner of the nightmode screencap. Hopefully that means it'll be baked into 7.0. TheSpaceUnicorn I doubt that's a duo icon and is instead the screen record icon. Dom Apice Also confirmed by animation: no front facing speakers for Nexus Midnitte "a new way to activate the ambient display mode via double-tap" Very welcome, though I hope they add Moto's ambient light wave to activate it. The only thing I miss from the Moto X. matteventu WAIT. I noticed it only now. The last gif confirms the end of the panda-coloured Nexus phones 😭 I HATE phones with white around the display... And I blessed Googlebfor having always done Nexus phones with black front and white back Now this is going to change... It's the end of an era. :( I'm sad. emailrob Do you have possession of any APKs you can distribute or unreleased devices? matteventu "No of course" 🙄 Jamie S Wouldn't it make more sense to have double tap to fully wake the device rather than just seeing the ambient display? Edit: How about one tap for Ambient, 2 Taps to fully wake the device keithzg I mean, my Nokia N9 managed an always-on ambient display back in 2011. Admittedly, Nokia's power management was a bit better than Android's back then, but I'm assuming by now Android has caught up and it wouldn't be a noteworthy drain. OXCVO love the new blue in settings it looks fantastic Berkay If the smaller Nexus has dual front facing stereo speakers, amoled, and the snapdragon 821. Welp, I'll take ten. Nuno G. The small is only going to get the 820. The build.prop was leaked some time ago... the only hope is the bigger one Berkay Oh :/ well that really sucks. Why wouldn't they use the 821? KAM310 Lol, sorry but none of the above points seem likely. It's just because of the price. They can't put amoled screen, metal body and 821 processor and price it at less 350-400$. I would honestly settle with a sleek body, possibly amoled screen, and a 5 inch screen. Berkay iPhone SE: A9 processor, 4K camera, and a metal build for $400... What's your point exactly? KAM310 smaller screen. Not even full HD display. 1624mah battery. And it's expensive for what it's offering. And if you compare like that, all these chinese manufacturers are offering all these facilities for peanuts. But they don't produce the OS themselves. Berkay Google can afford to sell the phone I described for $400, they can just advertise the crap out of it. I mean, advertising is what the company is known for after all... Also, you're basically going against yourself admitting that they could do it by saying Chinese manufacturers can. KAM310 I'm actually saying that the chinese counterparts build these phones cheaper because they don't have to invest in software development so intensely. But again, I agree Nexus phones can be built with a metallic body and other great features too. I'm looking forward to the smaller one. But if they do that, how will they justify price difference? Berkay Hmm... I don't know, I think that if Google makes the new Nexus phones basically the best they can be... having the best hardware, cool software exclusives, and well, advertising the crap out of it. They might be able to pull it off. Idk, I just miss small phones that still have good specs... at least the Galaxy S7 is a thing. KAM310 I love small phones. It's so hard to get a 5 inch (-ish) sized phone with good specs these days. iPhone and Samsung are doing it and are charging so high for it. I think with time, we will go back to producing smaller phones as well, because there's demand for it. It's like Android vs iOS, PS vs Xbox. You can't just neglect one. There's equal demand for both. S7 has good specs, but i've heard the build quality is poor (get's scratched easily). And then there's Touchwiz. And I really love Nexus' smooth interface and clean look. I would love for Google to fix 5X's problems (yellow tint screen, battery etc) and make a sleek, better looking phone with similar hardware and software to Marlin. Give equal importance to Sailfish as well. Because-hey, we need it. Berkay Oh yeah, I regret getting the Moto X Pure over the Nexus 5x sometimes... biggest reasons being that the MXP doesn't get updates and it's too big for me. Bikram Agarwal An "All" tab containing all settings and then a separate "Support" tab containing support instructions? That sounds totally flabbergastingly retarded. I'm unable to picture which kind of implementation would make sense in that tab. D.T. Nobody saw the "Moves" menu? Maybe Fingerprint related? Nilanjan Chatterjee Swiping down on fingerprint sensor will pull down the notification area as per yesterday's AP article. D.T. Yes, but an entire section for that? I think there will be more gestures... Madis This "Quick screen check" is one of those, as the setting is displayed exactly the same as the fingerprint option was in the last article. Only question is - what else do we have under that? :P Luka Bulatović Probably something like motion/gestures/advanced features in Samsung devices (damn, now that I've said all the names of this option throughoutoption throughout the history of Touchwiz, they really couldn't find *the* name..) Mix Yes please to this, ALL OF THIS! Fatal1ty_93_RUS FFS Google, we need a DARK THEME, not a screen recoloring mode. If all your apps' UIs weren't bliding-white - there would be no need in this "Night Light" thing ericshmerick It better have a night mode that cuts out blue light. I've gotten so used to f.lux and using nightshift on my work phone/iPad. It's essential now IMO. The blue next to it is horrifying. OmegaNemesis28 I got Night Mode in DP5 on my Nexus 6P. So it hasn't been removed unlike the article states. D.T. If you flash DP5 Factory Image, Night Mode won't be avaliable. If you have update by OTA, the Night Mode remains. Nilanjan Chatterjee Why do you keep saying Night Mode has been removed from Nougat DP? It's very much there in N6P in DP5. There's no setting to activate automatically, etc. but it can be toggled on or off any time from Quick Settings! Rod I love the new color scheme. Carbon + light blue looks sophisticated. tehboogieman I still want a night mode/dark theme, but having a built in red or amber filter without needing root is a long awaited improvement. Jakub Čech How is the Night light different from currently implemented Night mode in Android N? (Nexus 5x) Manuel Salcedo i'm sick of android ""new activity open" animation, it loo bad, like, we have 8cores phnes with 4gb of ram and 2.6ghz clock speed and a badly done fade-in-andMove-Up is all they can do? what about some advance fade animation animating the header and the content separately?..... :v you bastard lazy duarte, furk you MikeOxlong Interesting. Been enjoying all these features on my 6p for almost a year now, well except for the dual window crap i don't care about. Jaspr First Nexus phone with a white front panel? Sukrith Krishnakumar The Nexus 6P ain't getting these features for sure... Because it's Google and they have a port track record of making features work on older devices... Also the new Nexus launcher will be 2016 exclusive just like GNL in the Nexus 5... That sucks! I'd love to use double tap to ambient mode and the new launcher ! Andrew Townsend Put this thing in my hands already. Flint_PS I don't get it, I still have the night mode on the latest Nougat beta... Railwayman Those features doesn't particularly exclusive to me. Night light is an existing thing in several ROMs such as AICP and DT2W is old hat - the logical implementation will be Single Tap 2 Ambient and then the regular DT2W. Google may call things like this "Nexus Exclusive" but the fact remains - they will be implemented widely through Xposed Modules or natively in different ROMs. Night mode with dark theme is also common in different ROMs. Lastly: The "Ordinary People Card" doesn't fly with me. David Anderton If all I get in v7 is night mode I'll be happy Kristian Ivanov Speaking of 2016 Nexus...can we have them in just white or just black? Seriously, the stores here for some reason only stocked the "is this for real?" colors like the baby blue Nexus 5X or eye melting red Nexus 5 (so guess who resorted to online orders from god knows where...). Tin Man "Night mode" and "Night light" are two different things. "Night mode" changed the theme of apps to a dark one, whereas night light, pictured above, just changes the tint of the screen to be less blue (a la Flux and the like). "Night mode" was removed from Android, but, AFAIK, there were no problems with color adjustment. CM712 The last gif, I hope the blue nexus comes with black front glass not white. If not i wonder, I can fit black glass panel to it from the black model Luka Bulatović May I notice something and not get the hate? Nougat really looks like themed Grace UX. Crucify me now :( Towelie420 Get ready to have those new nav buttons burnt into the bottom of your screen, since Google refuses to utilize Full Screen Immersive Mode into any of their apps. Chyri1 Nicht Mode, not Night Light! Fix this, Google! I want a ui dark.... CitrusRain As a person who always likes to flip the phone around with the screen off, I find ambient display to get in the way of my idle nonsense, I'm liking the double tap thing, I hope it can be set to only that so that I might not have to worry about accidently tapping or swiping out notifications! Eduardo Pelaez I'm absolutely set on buying a Nexus device next. #LatesLenovoMotorola kgh For whatever reason I just tested the double tap feature on my N5X. While obviously it doesn't work with two light taps, if you double tap a bit harder (i'm not talking about very hard) it does. I'm guessing because it moves the phone enough to activate ambient display. jawz101 Crazy. When I go through my checklist of why I install a custom Rom or root my phone, the one function that can't be properly done without root is a good implementation of night mode. I think they're trying to finally end the glory days of CM with this last feature. Over the past couple of androids, they slowly added notification power toggles, we have the new security model which replicates Privacy Guard, and the rest is just slight differences. I can't recall if stock Android lets me customize the notification toggles but- if so- that basically covers my big custom Rom features (I'm thinking back on all of the key features I've liked from froyo/cm6 to present.) Literally, all other custom Rom features are childish- animation choices, pie controls, side bar recents, omniswitch (that thing is ugly. Why did omni stuff that in?) I do like the contextual headers thing in omni, though. About the only thing which I can't do on stock is disable sensor access. XPosed had both XPrivacy and a module called Sensor Disabler which are the only apps I know that can disable access to sensors on a per-app basis. Sensor access isn't regulated and can definitely reveal your behavior. When are you sitting around? Are you active? What's the weather really like? Light, proximity, barometer, gravity, gyro, compass, beacons, gps, radio, Wi-Fi, temp, altitude, etc. sensors are the playground of data mining. A phone never needed any of this before the smartphone. Even without the Google Fit app the Google Fit sync service is a part if Google Play Svcs and still doing its thing. I dunno why I turned this into a rant but oh well. Vaibhav Puri Please Do A Teardown Of Settings.apk For The Dual-Tab UI, I'm also using Android 7.1.1(Lineage OS 14.1) but Settings UI is still the same as the Marshmallow's..... Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 130 1 Year Ago Today [Update: M5C14J For The Pixel C] Nexus Factory Images With April's Security Updates Are Now Available 2016/04/13 10:30am PDTApr 13, 2016 60 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google's Carrier Project Detailed In Leaked App - Pay-Per GB, Unused Data Refunds, In-App Service Activation, And More 2015/04/13 1:15pm PDTApr 13, 2015 34 3 Years Ago Today Pressy Plans To Ship Units To Kickstarter Backers In May, Design Changed To Add A Headphone Gripper 2014/04/13 5:24pm PDTApr 13, 2014 31 4 Years Ago Today Deal Alert: Unified Remote Just $0.99 In Celebration Of Second Anniversary (That's 70% Off) 2013/04/13 10:15pm PDTApr 13, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Pantech Element Rooted, Already has ClockworkMod Recovery 2012/04/13 4:29pm PDTApr 13, 2012 12 6 Years Ago Today NVIDIA Sets The Record Straight: "We Will Support All Tegra Devices As Long As Their Manufacturers Do" 2011/04/13 6:29pm PDTApr 13, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Motorola Releases Official Android Update Timeline 2010/04/13 9:09pm PDTApr 13, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 100 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 33 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 123 queries | 0.977s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Libre Wireless Technologies Supplies Media Syncing Platform to Lenbrook International to Create World’s First Hi-Fi Amplifier to Feature Chromecast Built-In for Audio PALO ALTO, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Libre Wireless Technologies, Inc., a leading embedded WiFi and Wireless solutions provider, has been chosen by Lenbrook International, manufacturer of respected high fidelity audio brands NAD Electronics, PSB Speakers and Bluesound, to implement Google’s popular Chromecast built-in platform into the world’s first high fidelity amplifier. The NAD C 338 HybridDigital™ Integrated Amplifier, launched earlier this year, is the first NAD product to contain Libre Wireless’s LibreSync media streaming modules and software platform, which includes Google’s Chromecast built-in for Audio. In combination, the NAD C 338 reshapes the landscape for what a hi-fi amplifier can be, featuring not only NAD’s legendary true-to-source, powerful HybridDigital amplification technology, but also as a hub for wireless streaming of high-resolution audio content from Google services and a user’s own local music library. “We are quite proud to be selected by Lenbrook and their NAD brand, recognized worldwide for innovation and performance,” says Jordan Watters, Chief Revenue Officer at Libre Wireless Technologies. “Our strengths are well aligned as Libre similarly strives to deliver best in class performance and industry leading features to our partners. The NAD team has shown their aggressive pursuit of delivering value to their customers by being one of the first in this category to offer the best in high performance amplification combined with Chromecast built-in and the latest and greatest in WiFi streaming technologies.” “We are very excited about this partnership, as it fits into our broader strategy to redefine the hi-fi amplifier,” says Greg Stidsen, Director of Technology and Product Planning for NAD Electronics. “Expectations of what technology should be capable of doing just continue to shift as consumer lifestyles shift. So partnerships like this one with Libre Wireless will become increasingly important to ensure we can keep up with changing consumer demands.” About Libre Wireless Technologies, Inc. Libre Wireless Technologies has extensive expertise and experience in developing WiFi/Wireless technologies with IoT, Media streaming and voice interface/control software and SDK platforms, electronic modules and RF/antenna design solutions. The Libre team has deep WiFi/BT technology, IoT and A/V system design experience combined with world wide sales, technical support and design partnerships. The LibreSync platform incorporates unique media streaming technology, scalable mic-to-cloud voice processing modules, broad mobile platform ecosystem support, seamless interoperability, scalable price/performance solution options, optimized and flexible WiFi/Bluetooth options (1×1 11n, 2×2 11n, 11n/ac) and extensive system level features. Optimized for performance, power, size and cost, LibreSync solutions provide ODM’s and CE Brand customers with the most complete, flexible and ecosystem leading Smart Home, voice and media streaming platform available. About Lenbrook International Based in Pickering, Ontario, Canada, Lenbrook International designs and manufactures renowned high fidelity audio brands Bluesound, NAD Electronics and PSB Speakers. A subsidiary of the privately held Lenbrook Group of Companies formed in 1978, its products are distributed in over 80 countries through sister companies Lenbrook Americas, Lenbrook Asia, as well as through a network of partners. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cardinal Energy Group, Inc. Appoints Capital City Securities Placement Agent for $4,600,000 Series D Preferred Stock Offering Search Recent Posts Libre Wireless Technologies Supplies Media Syncing Platform to Lenbrook International to Create World’s First Hi-Fi Amplifier to Feature Chromecast Built-In for Audio Cardinal Energy Group, Inc. Appoints Capital City Securities Placement Agent for $4,600,000 Series D Preferred Stock Offering RTDNA Canada announces Mike Cavender as 2017 recipient of the Bill Hutton Award of Excellence Vyne CEO and President Lindy Benton Named Among Most Powerful Women in Healthcare IT for Second Year naked Hub Announces Major Expansions in Asia to Grow its Co-Working Hub Network to 21 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME LOCAL POLITICS INTERVIEWS WORLD SPORTS COLUMNS EDITORIAL MY TAPROBANA RED CARPET CEYLON POLITICS TALKING CRICKET MINORITY PERSPECTIVES MY SERENDIB SCI / TECH ENTERTAINMENT GALLERY BIZARRE Features Mosaic Lite Hello PRINT EDITION News Columns Sport Focus Interviews FT Opinion E-PAPER CONTACT Google’s AI seeks further Go glory   👤  1147 readers have read this article ! By 2017-04-13 BBC: Google has challenged China's top Go player to a series of games against its artificial intelligence technology. It said the software would play a best-of-three match against Ke Jie, among other games against humans in the eastern Chinese city of Wuzhen from 23-27 April. Last year, the Google programme recorded a 4-1 victory against one of South Korea's top Go players. One expert said that result had come as a surprise. "A lot of AI researchers have been working on Go because it's the most challenging board game we have," said Calum Chace, author of Surviving AI. "The conventional wisdom was that machines would ultimately triumph but it would take 10 years or so. "The win was a big wake-up call for a lot of people, including many outside the AI community. Google's AlphaGo software was developed by British computer company DeepMind, which was bought by the US search firm in 2014. Its defeat of Lee Se-dol in March 2016 is seen as a landmark moment, similar to that of IBM's Deep Blue AI beating Garry Kasparov at chess in 1997. Several of the moves AlphaGo made defied conventional wisdom but ended up paying off. However, many Go aficionados did not recognize Mr Lee as the world's top player at the time of the contest. So, the new competition against 19-year-old Mr Ke - who is the current number one according to a popular but unofficial player – ranking system – has the potential to bring additional prestige to Google. "We've been hard at work improving AlphaGo to become even more creative, and since playing Lee Se-dol, the programme has continued to learn through self-play training," a spokeswoman for DeepMind told the BBC. "We intend to publish more scientific papers in the future, which will include further details of AlphaGo's progress." Google added that Mr Lee would also be invited, but was not sure if he would attend. In addition to the games against Mr Ke, AlphaGo will also: play games involving one Chinese pro facing off against another, each of whom will have an AlphaGo-powered virtual teammate challenge a five-person team containing some of China's top players, who will work together to try to beat the AI. Over the past year, DeepMind's technology has also been used to find ways to reduce energy bills at Google's data centres as well as to try to improve care in British hospitals. A fresh wave of positive publicity could help Google find further uses for its tech. "If it loses this match, a lot of people will be delighted to claim that Google and DeepMind has overpromised and that this is the kind of hype we always get with AI," commented Mr Chace. "But I wouldn't have thought Google is taking a huge risk. "[In recent months] it has been playing a lot of very, very good AlphaGo players online without disclosing it was an AI playing, and has won all of the games. "Unless this Ke Jie is some magnitude better than Lee Se-dol, I would think they are confident of winning." Go is thought to date back to several thousand years ago in China. Using black-and-white stones on a grid, players gain the upper hand by surrounding their opponent's pieces with their own. The rules are simpler than those of chess, but a player typically has a choice of 200 moves, compared with about 20 in chess -there are more possible positions in Go than atoms in the universe, according to DeepMind's team. That means a computer cannot win simply via brute force - searching through the consequences of millions of moves in seconds. It can be very difficult to determine who is winning, and many of the top human players rely on instinct. To prepare for its victory over Lee Se-dol, DeepMind trained its software on 30 million expert moves and then set the machine to play against itself millions of times to get a sense of what strategies worked. The result was that some of the innovative moves AlphaGo made in its landmark match were described as being 'beautiful' and highly unusual by observers. COLUMNS Is change there?  👤2988 🕔2017-04-12 A missed opportunity for Sri Lanka  👤2284 🕔2017-04-09 Who prevents the arrest of Rajapaksas?  👤4887 🕔2017-04-09 Wiggy now thinks differently?  👤3571 🕔2017-04-08 Inflation and Poverty  👤1324 🕔2017-04-13 view all Interviews INTERVIEWS I will lead SLFP to victory in future elections – President👤2290 🕔2017-04-09 08:32:35 Hang the ‘traitors’– RTD. REAR ADMIRAL WEERASEKARA👤2263 🕔2017-04-09 08:29:51 We oppose Nationalism and Federalism – Samarasinghe👤4351 🕔2017-04-06 06:06:10 These people are Sri Lankans, They are not ‘Kallathonis’ Mujibur Rahman👤4834 🕔2017-04-05 04:20:58 Gazette minimum standards for Medical Education - Dr. Naveen de Soysa 👤4868 🕔2017-04-03 04:55:03 South Korean aid to develop fish industry👤4779 🕔2017-03-31 04:18:40 North wanted to send 1,000 participants – Shantha Bandara👤4844 🕔2017-03-30 05:40:22 India should leave SL alone– Dr. Sudarshini Fernandopulle👤4756 🕔2017-03-29 05:02:18 International mechanism will try LTTE cadres again – Thulasi👤5148 🕔2017-03-28 05:28:03 PRINT EDITION News SB says will provide houses for families of dead  👤1415  🕔2017-04-13 Our revolution tied to what happens in India  👤1287  🕔2017-04-13 US Policy Focus 2017: Middle East or East Asia?  👤1283  🕔2017-04-13 Making Sense of Money  👤1276  🕔2017-04-13 Five cops among seven injured  👤1280  🕔2017-04-13 Prisoners to celebrate New Year with families   👤1278  🕔2017-04-13 Rs 141 M for President’s Mercedes-Maybachs   👤1290  🕔2017-04-13 Job cheat arrested  👤1278  🕔2017-04-13 Excise in massive pre-Avurudu crackdown  👤1283  🕔2017-04-13 Cabinet allocates Rs 3.2 B  👤1297  🕔2017-04-13 JVP to blow up ‘Ranil’s sell-out’  👤1291  🕔2017-04-13 CEB Unions threaten lightning strike  👤1276  🕔2017-04-13 Strip Rajitha of Portfolio – GMOA  👤1286  🕔2017-04-13 No booze on 13 and 14  👤1282  🕔2017-04-13 Two More Army Intel Men Identified  👤1298  🕔2017-04-13 Read More Columns Fate of crossovers  👤896  🕔2017-04-13 Meaney’s essay on Sri Lanka Crawling with errors  👤907  🕔2017-04-13 Redefining Rape  👤2093  🕔2017-04-12 The march of folly Our mad Cabinet system  👤1698  🕔2017-04-11 First adventures in Europe  👤1791  🕔2017-04-08 Inspiration for writers  👤1786  🕔2017-04-08 Read More Sport German football shocked by Dortmund bus explosions  👤886  🕔2017-04-13 Mobil Brand Ambassadors Dominate Mahagastota  👤882  🕔2017-04-13 7th Dhamso International Chess Festival from 27 April  👤883  🕔2017-04-13 Senura and Fathmath win overall titles  👤884  🕔2017-04-13 Pakistan down W.Indies  👤882  🕔2017-04-13 Former England skipper Perry dies  👤884  🕔2017-04-13 Neymar banned for Clasico against Real  👤883  🕔2017-04-13 Juventus outclass Barcelona  👤879  🕔2017-04-13 Kandy remain unbeaten in first round  👤878  🕔2017-04-13 Bangladeshi team in protest concedes 92 off 4 balls  👤877  🕔2017-04-13 Read More Focus Parents protest  👤885  🕔2017-04-13 Beware of deadly viral influenza !  👤1015  🕔2017-04-13 Keeping Cool  👤1707  🕔2017-04-12 Do the right thing and do it now!  👤1716  🕔2017-04-12 Ravi Jayewardene Pious son of a political giant  👤2273  🕔2017-04-11 In the heart of the old country  👤2128  🕔2017-04-11 Sarath Weerasekera’s Geneva adventure  👤1834  🕔2017-04-10 No moral right to play with public funds  👤1850  🕔2017-04-10 No need for fine if route permits are issued in fair, just manner  👤1731  🕔2017-04-10 UDA incurs Rs 330M Loss  👤1674  🕔2017-04-09 Read More Interviews No personal grudge against President – Gammanpila  👤907  🕔2017-04-13 Minorities’ frustration a powder keg – VIDURA  👤2156  🕔2017-04-12 Administrative powers a must for the Plantation Tamils –Radhakrishnan  👤1265  🕔2017-04-11 Rajapaksa sought advice from McGuinness– Indika Perera  👤2348  🕔2017-04-10 I will lead SLFP to victory in future elections – President  👤1801  🕔2017-04-09 Hang the ‘traitors’– RTD. REAR ADMIRAL WEERASEKARA  👤2064  🕔2017-04-09 Read More FT Google’s AI seeks further Go glory  👤1147  🕔2017-04-13 Ocean tech: Robot sea snakes and shoal-swimming subs  👤1148  🕔2017-04-13 Russian arrested in Spain ‘over mass hacking’  👤1145  🕔2017-04-13 DIMO ties up with HNB for Mercedes-Benz purchase solutions   👤1145  🕔2017-04-13 Explore global educational options with AIC Campus  👤1145  🕔2017-04-13 Ashraff Associates celebrates 5th anniversary   👤1146  🕔2017-04-13 Colombo AI meet-up  👤1145  🕔2017-04-13 Inclusive development through people-centric economic policies  👤1218  🕔2017-04-13 Oman Air takes off to Nairobi   👤1146  🕔2017-04-13 George Steuart Health partners Celltrion Healthcare   👤1147  🕔2017-04-13 Invoke revolutionizes real estate sector  👤1145  🕔2017-04-13 President hands over latest Singer laptops   👤1146  🕔2017-04-13 World-Beating Stock Rally Hinges on Corporate India Profits  👤1144  🕔2017-04-13 China’s Central Bank faces a $600 billion test  👤1146  🕔2017-04-13 Asian markets mixed Korean peninsula tensions in focus; Nikkei down 1%  👤1147  🕔2017-04-13 Read More Opinion The New Constitution Creating divisions for democracy  👤1164  🕔2017-04-13 What is Good Governance?  👤1146  🕔2017-04-13 Trump pushed into bombing Syria  👤1747  🕔2017-04-12 Read More Features Mosaic Trans National Aural Identity  👤3277  🕔2017-04-09 Queen Anula The Shadow of Cleopatra  👤3301  🕔2017-04-09 Poetry and its possibilities Part 2  👤3316  🕔2017-04-09 The Enigma of Labyrinths  👤3426  🕔2017-04-09 From Couture to Kutir  👤3294  🕔2017-04-09 Hybrid Sources  👤4711  🕔2017-04-02 Offering Riddles & Enigmas  👤4775  🕔2017-04-02 Poetry and its possibilities  👤4775  🕔2017-04-02 Read More Lite With a festive bang!  👤931  🕔2017-04-09 Easter Fun  👤920  🕔2017-04-09 Arrogance and crowing is the way of the doomed  👤941  🕔2017-04-09 Avurudu on the streets  👤950  🕔2017-04-09 Tick control   👤918  🕔2017-04-09 Sunny Sunday on the beach  👤940  🕔2017-04-09 Read More Hello It’s time to save the world  👤1000  🕔2017-04-09 From viewer to YouTuber!  👤994  🕔2017-04-09 Expert skincare and makeup   👤1008  🕔2017-04-09 Avurudu at Induruwa  👤980  🕔2017-04-09 Exo  👤996  🕔2017-04-09 Remembering our fallen heroes   👤2086  🕔2017-04-02 Read More LATEST NEWS Auspicious times for Sinhala and Hindu New Year  👤120 🕔2017-04-13 11:15:02 Temperature rises in Jaffna  👤229 🕔2017-04-13 10:24:49 Snowboarder disappears into rare 'snownado' in Alberta  👤142 🕔2017-04-13 08:28:02 Drug-addicted python rehabilitated by Australian prisoners  👤970 🕔2017-04-12 16:04:25 United Airlines CEO sorry for 'horrific' passenger removal  👤1058 🕔2017-04-12 15:49:11 Duvvada Jagannadham release postponed  👤1161 🕔2017-04-12 14:49:18 Drug free Country program shows successful results – President  👤997 🕔2017-04-12 13:49:42 Malala Yousafzai Has Just Been Named the Youngest Ever U.N. Messenger of Peace  👤1060 🕔2017-04-12 12:49:16 Read More TODAY CARTOON Galleries   "Second Skin" Art Connect View all photos Contact No : General: +94 0117566566 Marketing Manager : +94 117566550 Marketing Department - General : +94 117566572, +94 117566568 Circulation Manager : +94 117566580, +94 117566581 Editorial : +94 117 566 522, +94 117 566 526 Email : [email protected] All the content on this website is copyright protected and can be reproduced only by giving the due courtesy to 'ceylontoday.lk' Copyright © 2016 Ceylon Newspapers (Pvt) Ltd.
Home Weather 56° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Vote Ways 2 Save Home Connect TV More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Vote Ways 2 Save Home Connect TV Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Burger King launches ad triggering Google Home devices Joel Hulsey , KSDK 8:45 PM. EDT April 12, 2017 AUCKLAND, NEW ZEALAND - DECEMBER 29: Burger King Restaurant Signage on December 29, 2014 in Auckland, New Zealand. (Photo: Dave Rowland, 2014 Getty Images) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST You may call it the next wave of advertising. Wednesday, fast-food chain Burger King premiered a 15-second ad on YouTube with a way to bring extra attention to their products.  "You're watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients," the commercial says. "But I've got an idea. O.K. Google, what is the Whopper burger?" Anyone who owns a Google Home device will notice the device registers the question and responds with information from the Whopper Wikipedia page once it hears its prompt, "O.K. Google." However, The New York Times reported that Google reportedly cut the Home devices from activating by the 15-second advertisement. Google said they were not in contact with Burger King during the creation of the commercial. While devices stopped supporting the "O.K. Google" prompt as of Wednesday afternoon, Burger King planned to premiere the ad on TV Wednesday during "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon," "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" and other late-night shows. The ad was met with backlash, citing 'a Pandora's box for ads that hijack voice-prompted gadgets,' said BuzzFeed News. Others took to Twitter to display their disapproval.  This is bad. Google and Amazon should work to stop this. (These devices should have some voice ID system) https://t.co/IdoH9sL17v— Farhad Manjoo 🐣 (@fmanjoo) April 12, 2017 .@BurgerKing's newest ad has a disastrous flaw pic.twitter.com/aUY08r8Mv2— Business Insider (@businessinsider) April 12, 2017 This Burger King tv ad that hijacks Google voice search is going wellhttps://t.co/rcLCMhnwaY pic.twitter.com/ZC2LqEMR1o— Brandon Wall (@Walldo) April 12, 2017 Watch the full ad below: Follow Joel Hulsey on Twitter: @joelchulsey © 2017 KSDK-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS 13-year-old accidentally shoots himself on Instagram live Gator v. Horse 1 person dead after wreck on Longleaf Pine Parkway St. Augustine man arrested for shooting at children, woman Violence erupts at Hemming Park Hurricane Matthew: After the Storm Part 1 Jax Police searching for person who attacked vet Georgia pastor could spend rest of life in jail White house boy accepts state's apology for Dozier School First responders using new drug to save lives More Stories Heroin problem in Jacksonville putting strain on… Apr 12, 2017, 11:48 p.m. Jax wins! Youth excited at Jumbo Shrimp home opener Apr 12, 2017, 11:49 p.m. 1 dead in St. Johns crash along Longleaf Pine… Apr 12, 2017, 11:00 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home National Politics Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Radars Hurricane Central Conditions Beach Cam More... Weather Alerts Weather Apps Health Detail Mosquito Report Location Search Local Florida News Georgia News On Your Side Strange News Military News Health News More... Education News Jax Business Journal News Hurricane Central #YouFirst News Tips Buddy Check 12 On Point Business News Good Morning Jacksonville Zika Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Year in Review If My Parents Only Knew First Coast Brews Nation Now /section/global/nation-now-old /section/global/nation-now Traffic Gas Prices Traffic Map Travel Sports Georgia-Florida High School Football FSU Seminoles High School Sports College Football Athlete of the Week More... Gators First From You Jaguars Golf News 2016 Olympics RSM Classic Taxslayer Bowl NASCAR NCAA Basketball Tournament The Players Super Bowl Features Entertainment Community The Chat First Coast Living Student of the Week Life In Balance More... Buddy Check 12 Lottery What's Cooking Publix Kitchen 26.2 With Donna Pet Health Tips Contests Men Wear Gowns, too Oscars Teacher of the Week Ways To Save T.D. Jakes CIL Chat Vote Magnify Money Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights NORAD Santa Tracker Grammys About Meet The Team ABC 25 Schedule NBC 12 Schedule Jobs at FCN Contact Us Advertise with Us More... Appearance Requests Closed Captioning Appearance Request Weather FAQ ABC Player Justice Network Privacy Terms Community Rules Ad Choices RSS Connect With Us Newsletters Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Crossword The Chat Player USA Today Social Player Weather Apps FCN Connects First Coast Living Player Whats On NBC USA Today Social Player Survey Cobrand Header Cobrand Footer Only © 2017 WTLV-TV Services Advertise With Us Closed Captioning First Coast News Jobs TV Schedule FCC Online Public Inspection File Terms of Service Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Ad Choices Our Partners NBC ABC Cars.com Jacksonville Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Message gone] Google Home app says multiple users are now supported Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/04/11 2:30am PDTApr 11, 2017 9 Plus 1 on G+ 38 Share on Facebook 47 Share on Twitter Total Shares94 Applications Google News Update 1: 2017/04/11 2:45am PDT Yes, it looks like the message was a little premature. An update to the Google Home app was just pushed (version 1.22.25.7) and it doesn't show the multiple user We've known for a while that multiple user support would come to Google Home. It only makes sense that a device placed in the home can be used by several persons instead of being linked to just one user's data and music and other accounts. But until now, we had only seen the signs of multi-user support in Cody's teardown of the app. Today though, users have started seeing a new card in the Discover tab of the Google Home app titled "Multiple users now supported." The card says that you and others in your house can enjoy a "personalized experience" from Assistant on the Google Home, but so far the feature doesn't appear to be live just yet. Maybe someone jumped the gun a little too soon on the new card, but it does tell us that the feature should be active soon. We've reached out to Google to clarify and will update this post if we get an answer. Hopefully, this means that Assistant on the Google Home can catch up with the one on your phone and start offering all the options that were previously inaccessible due to privacy or security concerns, like adding personal reminders, sending messages, and creating calendar events. Update 1: 2017/04/11 2:45am PDT Yes, it looks like the message was a little premature. An update to the Google Home app was just pushed (version 1.22.25.7) and it doesn't show the multiple user card anymore. Ars Technica was also able to get a statement from Google saying, "We've seen the reports, and don't have anything to share right now." While we might disagree with Google about the meaning of the word "report" seeing as the notice was surfacing in their own app, it does look like multiple user support is still not fully ready to be rolled out. End of Update Thanks: Adam Wright Tags google assistant google home multi user support multiple users subscribe ... Previous Story Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works ... Next Story Google Text-to-speech 3.11.12 improves voices and adds support for Ukrainian, Czech, Bangla, ... Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments Morten Ulv Does that come with sharing of shopping lists between said multiple users? Rita El Khoury The timing with the shopping list move from Google Keep to Home/Assistant is certainly telling. I think we might hear more about Assistant and Home today, officially. jamez243 No update from Google about this yet? Andy J I expect it will be more likely to be May (I/O) Artem Russakovskii Reminders, reminders, reminders, reminders! Dennis Ulijn Calendar! Mail! Notes! Nicholas Conrad Oh my! codemonkey85 But which reminders? Assistant reminders? Google Now reminders? Keep reminders? Inbox reminders? Calendar reminders? Google Tasks? Eric Braun I've found that my calendar and inbox reminders work as one, and i rarely use keep reminders. Adam Margeson Generally speaking, reminders are global and will show in Google, Calendar and Inbox. If a Keep note is attached to it, it will show up in Keep. Tasks has always been a separate "thing" unrelated to Google's "Reminders". Alfonso Surroca Google Engineer: "Hey Google, remind me to add reminder functionality to Google Home" Google Assistant: "I'm sorry, I can't do that yet." Steve Wright Now, if only we could say "Okay HAL", instead of "Okay Google". Averix Or maybe actually choose our own trigger entirely. Motorola let you do that back on the Droid line to get into Google Now. It was so much more convenient and you could pick a phrase that didn't make everyone look at you when in public. addicuss Developers! Developers! Developers! Developers! tismondo Same day they move the shopping list to Google Express. Google giveth, and Google taketh away. Hoping this is all part of a big update bringing lots of other features. b_boogey_xl *waits for Google's Keyword blog post* whispy_snippet This has always been the deal breaker for me. With multi user support I reckon I'll be ready to jump on board... Once it actually officially launches in Australia that is. Ian Aitken Been waiting for multi user support on this since i got it. However might be some teathing issues or a bad update because my Google home stopped responding to Ok Google today, If i do a factory reset and reconfigure it with the app it works for about 5 mins then goes back to failing. Anyone else? (Australian who imported 4 months ago) Summerer If only I would get Assistant on my phone in the first place... So much for a rollout in Germany Google gusano38 For some reason the assistant stopped working on my Nexus 5 (Lineage OS). I just cleared all data in the google app (from the app info menu) and it started working again... you should maybe try this ;). codemonkey85 I've got a Nexus 5 on 6.0.1 in the USA and I don't have Assistant yet either. What gives, Google? Andy J Still waiting on an LGG4 in the UK so I wouldn't hold your breath. surethom Now give us a 1. graphical equaliser to reduce the Bass as its way to much on Google home 2. The new shopping list they will work Offline James Bray I think if you are in the US you can download the Google Express app. Doesn't work in the UK however... Paulo The easiest way to solve this problem is allowing separate wake words for each user. Kids=Barney, Me=Computer, Wife=Google. Problem solved. rslh Brilliant! SavageJeep Privacy issue would still be there. I could text or access my wife's calendar. Not sure how Google's update will fix this however. Gerardo Sarabia mix voice recognition and different hotwords and you have a winner to start. James Bray Just let us pick which content is available to the home. Google really should have more "family" features available. There is a middle ground between "one account each" and "sharing one account" that they really need to find. cusaitech Barney lol. That would be a cute idea :) Christopher Larsen There seems to be a new option on the screen where you choose a default music provider that also indicates multiple accounts are coming soon. Hopefully they'll enable it sometime this week =] Good_Ole_Pinocchio Can this thing send text messages yet? Abhilash Bingi It can't, but at least it won't hijack the command from your phone anymore. If both your phone and GH listen to the command, your phone will handle calls and texts. Impulse_Vigil That's new? Why didn't they implement these fallback from the start? Not like they need user recognition for that, well, maybe... Guess it depends on where/how phones are lying about and how the fallback is handled. Presumably these new settings set a default phone/master user or something? dcdttu Good news, everyone! Now more than one person can experience the features that still aren't implemented in Google Home! Patel Nisha The voice recognition aspect is the thing that is needed. I was really excited about this until I heard it was switching via the app and not dynamically switching based on voice recognition. I’d love it if it detected who was speaking and used a different voice for the assistant so you knew for sure you were under your account. Isn’t voice recognition already a solved problem? Andy J Why do you think it's switching via the app? Everything I have heard so far - is that it will recognise who is speaking to it, switching via the app makes absolutely no sense - because if you have already had to get your phone to switch accounts - you might as well just ask your phone whatever it was you were going to ask Home. I know Google can make some questionable design choices at times - but this would be a end-of-product design choice. That said... here I am in the UK - several days after the UK launch - developing actions for Google Assistant which work 100% fine in the web simulator - but when I ask my real device "talk to my media assistant" I get told that I can't preview actions while I have my language set to British English, which seems like something they should of fixed before releasing it in the UK (especially since it appears to apply to published apps too). Iamsecond Small correction: it's should've (a contraction of 'should have') not 'should of.' Slightly ironic given your complaint is about language, but it's a common mistake, especially in Londoners. Aside from that I completely agree; Google are rubbish at being an international tech company! I understand when there are licencing or language localisation issues, but I really don't know why they can't activate simple features in their own products. Google, the lack of YouTube Red in the UK is making me bitter, sort it out! (Also see: Google Fiber, Project Fi, consistent phone prices... etc.) Andy J Also just discovered that we can't use ANY third party service - example - we can't follow the AutoVoice tutorial because we are lacking a "services" menu. We can't actually do some of the things that the home app tells us we can like "OK Google, play mad libs". So not only can we not preview our own apps, we can't use any "action" that has not been developed directly by Google or a partner. In the US for example - someone can now say "Ok Google, talk to the temple at the end of the forest" and start playing the game - in the UK we get "Sorry, I can't do that yet" Iamsecond Ah Google, always ready to half-arse anything. Andy J They really are making it harder and harder for me to defend them... I like to believe that stuff like this will be fixed quickly, but as I discovered with the Android Device Manager issue - that's not always the case - it took them 6 months to fix that one (and I say fix, but I doubt it required more than a few lines of code, and probably no changes to the clientside!) TheCarlosFontes I like asking Google Home what sound a peacock makes and then watching my dog freak out haha Total Insecurity Lul JG Would this cause Google to "forget" my preferred music service? Last night I asked Google to play some music and she informed me I had yet to select a default music service, that I would have to do so through the Google Home app. Pretty sure I did that back November/December when I set it up initially. At least the "Hey Google, play [music]" command has always worked up to last night. Haven't opened the app yet to re-confirm my default service. I 'cheated' and got it to work re-issuing the command adding "On Google Play Music". Eric Archer Mine did the same thing! Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 22 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 113 queries | 0.306s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, April 13, 2017 2:51 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Burger King debuts Whopper ad that triggers Google Home devices (VIDEO) Thursday April 13, 2017 08:55 AM GMT+8 ICYMI No sporting event now safe from militant attacks, experts say The Edit: Facebook will now teach you how to spot fake news In abrupt shift, Trump warms to China and Nato, sours on Russia The Edit: These are Mumbai’s first women rickshaw drivers Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The Burger King ad, which became available on YouTube yesterday, will run nationally during prime-time on networks such as Spike, Comedy Central, MTV, E! and Bravo, and also on late-night shows starring Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon. — Screen capture via YouTube/Burger KingNEW YORK, April 13 — Fast-food chain Burger King said yesterday it will start televising a commercial for its signature Whopper sandwich that is designed to activate Google voice-controlled devices, raising questions about whether marketing tactics have become too invasive. The 15-second ad starts with a Burger King employee holding up the sandwich saying, “You’re watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich. But I’ve got an idea. OK, Google, what is the Whopper burger?” If a viewer has the Google Home assistant or an Android phone with voice search enabled within listening range of the TV, that last phrase — “Hello Google, what is the Whopper burger?” — is intended to trigger the device to search for Whopper on Google and read out the finding from Wikipedia. “Burger King saw an opportunity to do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices,” said a Burger King representative. Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc, said the ad is not in collaboration with Google . Google declined to comment and Wikipedia was not available for comment. The ad, which became available on YouTube yesterday, will run nationally during prime-time on networks such as Spike, Comedy Central, MTV, E! and Bravo, and also on late-night shows starring Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon. Some media outlets, including CNN Money, reported that Google Home stopped responding to the commercial shortly after the ad became available on YouTube. Voice-powered digital assistants such as Google Home and Amazon’s Echo have been largely a novelty for consumers since Apple’s Siri introduced the technology to the masses in 2011. The devices can have a conversation by understanding context and relationships, and many use them for daily activities such as sending text messages and checking appointments. Many in the industry believe the voice technology will soon become one of the main ways users interact with devices, and Apple, Google and Amazon are racing to present their assistants to as many people as possible.  — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Samsung Electronics says Galaxy S8 pre-orders exceeded S7 Burger King debuts Whopper ad that triggers Google Home devices (VIDEO) Facebook looking at behaviour to weed out fake accounts US takedown of Russian botnet won’t end pernicious spam, say experts Meet Andos, the US$200,000 police bomb robot (VIDEO) Project Scorpio: Five consoles that won with less power, and one that didn't Australian regulator sues Apple alleging iPhone ‘bricking’ Xbox Scorpio hardware reveal: You pay for what you get (VIDEO) Student-designed rocket soars to record heights (VIDEO) Artificial intelligence to put an end to failed selfies (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Malala becomes honourary Canadian citizen Reuters Video: US tells Russia ‘you are isolating yourselves’ by backing Assad Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Bloomberg Video: Zhang Yimou on why ‘The Great Wall’ bombed at the box office Bloomberg Video: Former ambassador surprised by fast Trump Syria decision Related Articles Burger King and Tim Hortons owner to buy Popeyes for US$1.8b Google adds voice-activated shopping, taking on Amazon Hyundai gets connected with Google Assistant No antibiotics in Burger King, Tim Hortons chicken (VIDEO) Google Home now links up to Netflix Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software HAL Laboratory's BYE-BYE BOXBOY! is now available for the Nintendo 3DS 47 minutes ago Nintendo will offer a Joy-Con AA Battery Pack and Switch Standalone Dock 1 hour ago ARMS for Nintendo Switch arrives on June 16, along with a new Joy-Con color 2 hours ago Splatoon 2 headed to the Switch on July 21 with new four-player co-op mode and three amiibo 3 hours ago View all recent news Microsoft Edge beats out competition in battery tests yet again 7 hours ago New Office Insider Preview build for Windows 10 adds collaborative editing and more 9 hours ago Microsoft introduces 'self-service refunds' for games and apps on Xbox One and Windows 10 10 hours ago Skype 7.35.0.101 11 hours ago View all Microsoft news Burger King's new ad triggers Google Assistant, gets shot down by Google 6 hours ago Microsoft Edge beats out competition in battery tests yet again 7 hours ago Android Nougat is finally rolling out to the Samsung Galaxy Note5 and S6 edge+ on Verizon 11 hours ago Google DeepMind's AlphaGo to battle against world's number one Go player Apr 10, 2017 View all Google news Qualcomm sues Apple for misleading customers about chip performance 5 hours ago Swatch can't 'Tick Different' says Apple, tries to file a complaint with Swiss authorities 9 hours ago Microsoft announces Outlook 2016 for Mac Preview, which is available to everyone 12 hours ago Apple releases second public betas of iOS 10.3.2 and macOS 10.12.5 Sierra 21 hours ago View all Apple news Wireshark 2.2.6 37 minutes ago Maxthon 5.0.3.3000 10 hours ago Ocenaudio 3.2.6 10 hours ago f.lux 4.21 Beta 10 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Logitech BRIO review: The best webcam you can buy Mar 28, 2017 Oukitel U15S review: A combination of wrong choices Mar 20, 2017 Nintendo Switch Review: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? Mar 12, 2017 ZTE Blade V8 Pro Review: A phone that attempts to deliver everything you want for under $230 Mar 7, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 Samsung's Galaxy S8 goes shark diving with T-Mobile's latest underwater unboxing Mar 30, 2017 View all unboxings Kodi is considering adding support for DRM to defeat piracy Apr 11, 2017 Windows 10 builds 14393.1066, 15063.138 for PC and phone are available - here's what's new [Update] Apr 11, 2017 Xbox Project Scorpio dev kit revealed, with 24GB of RAM, and an OLED display on the front 15 hours ago Burger King's new ad triggers Google Assistant, gets shot down by Google 6 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 98% off the Computer Hacking Forensic Investigation & Penetration Testing - now $59 18 hours ago Get this Microsoft Private Cloud Solutions Bundle with certification of completion for $44 Apr 11, 2017 Get a lifetime subscription to Windscribe VPN for just $79 via Neowin Deals Apr 10, 2017 Get this Complete C# Coding Bootcamp for just $41 via Neowin Deals Apr 7, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Burger King's new ad triggers Google Assistant, gets shot down by Google By Vishal Laul Neowin LLC @vishal1082 · 6 hours ago with 12 comments Burger King seems to be in the mood for some creative ad campaigns. A 15-second spot featuring someone holding a ‘Whopper Sandwich’ while touting its fresh ingredients doesn’t seem too malicious, right until the end, when the person leans into the camera and says, “OK Google, what is a Whopper burger?” That, of course, triggers many Android devices capable of listening to Google Assistant’s call, as well as the Google Home. If prompted, Google’s handy Assistant proceeds to read the description of Burger King’s Whopper burger off Wikipedia. It wasn't long after the ad showed up that the Wikipedia page became a target for an ‘editing war’ as people discovered the ad's possibilities. Since then, the page has been restored to its pre-ad state and locked. As for the advertisement; while Burger King may have thought that this idea was clever, it only took Google about three hours to stop its Assistant from responding to the advertisement. However, the query still works if asked by a real person, which Google likely achieved using the clip itself. Burger King’s ad is still scheduled for prime-time spots on major networks starting from today, albeit in a defanged state. These networks include History, Spike, MTV, Bravo, E!, and Comedy Central. It’s also supposed to air during Adult Swim, The Tonight Show, and Jimmy Kimmel Live. It’s fun to watch companies exploit modern gadgets to their advantage, but this one idea may have been a bit too annoying. Google’s somewhat quick reaction, however, was reassuring. Source: The Verge Tags Burger king Advertising campaign Google home Google assistant Google Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story BlackBerry wins $815m in royalty dispute against Qualcomm Next Story Qualcomm sues Apple for misleading customers about chip performance Community Activity Refresh Microsoft Edge beats out competition in battery tests yet again in Front Page News SpaceX Updates (Thread 8) in Science Discussion & News China's Xi tells Trump he wants peaceful solution to North Korea in Real World Issues Sweden's Largest Newspaper Demands "Ban Men In Cars To Stop Terror" in Real World Issues Nintendo is bringing Pikmin, Kirby, Minecraft, and more to the Switch and 3DS in Front Page News Swatch can't 'Tick Different' says Apple, tries to file a complaint with Swiss authorities in Front Page News Idiocracy is getting even close with the new Netflix Rating system! in General Discussion Wileyfox begins migration from Cyanogen OS to Android 7.1.1 Nougat in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Kodi is considering adding support for DRM to defeat piracy Apr 11, 2017 with 42 comments Windows 10 builds 14393.1066, 15063.138 for PC and phone are available - here's what's new [Update] Apr 11, 2017 with 8 comments Xbox Project Scorpio dev kit revealed, with 24GB of RAM, and an OLED display on the front 15 hours ago with 26 comments Burger King's new ad triggers Google Assistant, gets shot down by Google 6 hours ago with 12 comments Related Stories The next Google Home speaker is expected to include a built-in Wi-Fi router Apr 6, 2017 Google Home will be available in the UK from April 6, priced at £129 Mar 28, 2017 Google says 'Beauty and the Beast' ad on Assistant wasn't an ad - it was "timely content" Mar 17, 2017 Google confirms that its Assistant will not be made available on any Android tablets Mar 17, 2017 deals TigerVPN: Lifetime Subscription $780.00 $29.00 96% off Complete C# Coding Bootcamp $765.00 $41.00 95% off Windscribe VPN: Lifetime Pro Subscription $900.00 $79.00 91% off GlassWire Pro: Lifetime License $99.00 $29.00 71% off Getflix: Lifetime Subscription $1,199.00 $39.00 97% off Show Comments 12 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] How to get the Windows 10 Creators Update on your PC right now fyi video HP EliteBook x360 G2: Unboxing and first impressions hp elitebook x360 Xbox Project Scorpio: Key specs of the "most powerful console ever" project scorpio Overview of the new features and improvements in the major new update creators update video HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display: Unboxing and first impressions hp spectre x360 Windows 10 Cloud? Surface Pro 5? We'll learn more at Microsoft's May 2 event microsoftedu IT'S DEAD, JIM End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista Windows Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
You're about to be redirected We notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com. READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com Startup Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2017 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Inc. Tested Women Who Lead Peak Performance Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO INC. BUSINESS HUB Inc. Verified Profile Inc. Plus Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. MARKETING Burger King Ad That Hijacks Google Home Devices Prompts Angry Backlash For a brief while, viewers were told that the Whopper contains toenail clippings. By Minda Zetlin Minda Zetlin is a business technology writer and speaker, co-author of The Geek Gap, and former president of the American Society of Journalists and Authors. Sign up here for a once-a-week email and you'll never miss her columns. @MindaZetlin Co-author, The Geek Gap@MindaZetlin WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement You can't make this stuff up. Earlier today, Burger King released an ad in which a uniformed Burger King employee, after lamenting that 15 seconds isn't long enough to describe the great ingredients in a Whopper, leans in to the camera and says, "OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?" Watchers' Google Home devices, Android watches and phones (depending on their settings) promptly sprang to life and responded with Wikipedia's entry on the Whopper burger, just as Burger King wanted them to. According to The Verge, for the past decade or so, the Wikipedia Whopper entry has begun, "The Whopper sandwich is the signature hamburger product sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain Burger King and its Australian franchise Hungry Jack's." Shortly before the ad aired, that first sentence was rewritten to begin, "The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100 percent beef with no preservatives or fillers..." continuing on with a list of the burger's other ingredients. To all appearances, that edit seems to have been done by a Burger King marketing exec, although the company has not confirmed that it was, probably because doing so is against Wikipedia's policies. But anyone who wants to can edit a Wikipedia entry. That last fact was Burger King's undoing. The company probably thought its ad was cute and devilishly clever, which I suppose it was. But many people, especially Google Home users were less than amused, particularly since the only way to keep their devices from answering the ad was to disable them completely or hold down a button every time the ad aired. Some of them apparently took their annoyance to Wikipedia...where anyone can edit an entry. And so, according to The Verge, for a brief while, Google users who heard the ad were told by their devices that the Whopper contained things like toenail clippings and rat. Shortly after that, the Wikipedia entry was returned to its original form--before the list of ingredients was added--and locked for editing. Google hasn't commented beyond saying that it was not involved in the ad. Several news sources reported this afternoon that Google has blocked the ad from activating its devices. However, my Inc. colleague John Brandon and I both find that the ad still activates our Google devices. Oddly, despite the change in the Wikipedia entry, my Android phone still lists the Whopper's ingredients in response. Even so, this amounts to a cautionary tale in this age of voice-activated devices and increasingly intrusive advertising. There's a narrow line between being applauded for doing something very clever and being excoriated for doing something very obnoxious. Burger King is on the wrong side of that line. Like this column? Sign up to subscribe to email alerts and you'll never miss a post. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Apr 12, 2017 Advertisement
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Technology Lab — Google deprecates Octane JavaScript benchmark, because everyone is basically cheating JavaScript engines have focused too much on the benchmark, to the detriment of the real world. Peter Bright - Apr 13, 2017 12:45 am UTC Enlarge Natalie Maynor reader comments 55 Share this story Google has announced that its widely used Octane JavaScript benchmark is being retired, with Google saying that it's no longer a useful way for browser developers to determine how best to optimize their JavaScript engines. Octane was developed for and by the developers of V8, the JavaScript engine used in Chrome. It was intended to address flaws in the earlier SunSpider benchmark, developed by Apple's Safari team. SunSpider's tests were all microbenchmarks, sometimes testing something as small as a single operation performed thousands of times. It wasn't very representative of real-world code, and it was arguably being gamed, with browser vendors introducing optimizations that were aimed primarily, albeit not exclusively, at boosting SunSpider scores. This was being done even when those optimizations were detrimental to real-world performance, because having a good score carried so much prestige. Octane was introduced in 2012 and includes cut-down versions of somewhat realistic workloads, such as compiling the TypeScript compiler. But since then, JavaScript coding styles have changed. JavaScript itself has changed; ECMAScript 2015 (the standardized version of JavaScript) introduced a range of new features that weren't available in 2012, and hence aren't tested by Octane, and all manner of new libraries and frameworks have emerged since. At first Octane provided useful focus for the engine developers, highlighting areas that needed improvement. But, just as with SunSpider before it, Google has found that optimizations have been developed to boost Octane even if it hurts other scenarios. Once again, the desire to get the highest score possible has come at the expense of developing a better scripting engine. With all browsers now fast at Octane—Edge is a little ahead of Chrome, which is a little ahead of Firefox—Google has chosen to retire the benchmark. This habit of gaming benchmarks into uselessness is as old as benchmarking itself. Some benchmarks, such as the SPEC CPU integer and floating point benchmarks, have rules for which compiler optimizations are permitted; they have to be applicable to "a class of problems [...] larger than the SPEC benchmarks themselves" in an attempt to prohibit compiler vendors including optmizations that are good for SPEC and nothing else. This has not prevented extremely specific optimizations being used in the past. But browser benchmarks, which have no rules on which scores are and aren't "official" lack even this kind of control. The best protection against this kind of gaming is to develop better benchmarks. Google has developed infrastructure to allow it to repeatably and consistently time the loading of entire Web pages (thus covering not just JavaScript performance but also HTML and CSS performance) which it uses to measure real-world performance on 25 popular sites and guide development. The Safari developers created JetStream to replace SunSpider, containing a wider mix of tasks and a greater proportion of real applications. The Speedometer benchmark, also from WebKit/Safari developers, is artificial, but Google has discovered that it corresponds well to real-world performance of popular sites. In spite of the problems, the desire to benchmark and have repeatable, objective measures of performance won't go away. As new benchmarks are developed, we'd expect the cycle to repeat itself; first they provide a useful target for improved performance, but then they become the primary goal. Real-world testing of the kind Google performs acts as a useful backstop, discouraging the company from doing anything that's detrimental to the Web at large, but the incentive to skew things will never disappear completely. Peter Bright Peter is Technology Editor at Ars. He covers Microsoft, programming and software development, Web technology and browsers, and security. He is based in Brooklyn, NY. Email peter.bright@arstechnica.com // Twitter @drpizza reader comments 55 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 58 Plus 1 on G+ 259 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares382 News Videos Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Always-listening voice assistants, like Google Now/Assistant or Alexa, can't really tell the difference between you talking and someone else (unless you have Trusted Voice enabled on Android). Maybe you've watched a few tech videos where someone said "Ok Google," and your phone started talking back. Burger King seems to be the first company to purposely trigger Google Now/Assistant in a television ad. In the below video, a Burger King employee says "Ok Google, what is the whopper burger," right before the ad ends: As mentioned above, turning on Trusted Voice on your Android devices gets around this, but the Google Home has no such option. Searching Google Trends for "what is the whopper burger" shows a graph of Burger King's victims: If you wanted to be funny and edit the Whopper page on Wikipedia to say something else, the page has already been locked due to vandalism. It also looks like someone from Burger King changed the page immediately before rolling out the ad to list the ingredients at the top (which has since been reverted). Let us know in the comments below if you've seen the ad on TV. Source: Buzzfeed Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Google disabled the voice command for Burger King's commercial 😂😂 (it previously worked) pic.twitter.com/xDWF4wDS1Z — Niv Dror (@Nivo0o0) April 12, 2017 End of Update Tags burger king google assistant google now google search hotword OK Google okay google video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon Galaxy Note5 and S6 edge+ receiving Android 7.0 Nougat updates ... Next Story Qualcomm ordered to pay out nearly a billion dollars to BlackBerry over royalty dispute Trending 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments TechGuy22 ah Sup Hah. That's actually quite smart. MJ Pissing off potential customers is smart? Nicholas C They will get tons of free attention from this. So yea. Sup People get pissed off so easily :/ EowynCarter Well, yeah, I don't like ads. So intrusive ad like this tends to get the opposite effect. MisterAlex If I'd theoretically been watching cable television (which I don't subscribe to) and this ad came on and triggered my phone and/or Home, I'd be far more amused than irritated. And it's not like Google would have ever let it last long, anyway. Impulse_Vigil It's amusing for all of 5s, sets a bad precedent and encourages a drove of similar stunts tho. Ryan Johnson Yeah what a shame that people get pissed off from having some advertisement take advantage of their devices to read marketing BS at them. Not to mention editing & hassling Wikipedia to have the first paragraph say what they want. Everyone already knows what the Whopper is anyway AndroidUser00110001 Funny... Kieron Quinn In before someone really good at SEO makes a site which takes over the card read out by the Home to say something against BK Kieron Quinn Or, as it's been done before, simply edit the wikipedia page at the right time so the spider resets the text to say it Corbin Davenport The Whopper page is already edit locked. Kieron Quinn Shame. Will have to be an elaborate SEO trick then My1 it's semi-locked only though. meaning only registered members can edit iirc. Pessimippopotamus Google Home needs trained voice recognition like yesterday. the_secret The article does mention "trusted voice" can be enabled, like today! Suicide_Note Not on Google Home devices it can't. EcE Reading and comprehension is hard. nxtiak Trusted voice is only on phones. UniBroW Beta product is Beta ilovetesla this is not stupid , its smart guys EcE It's bullshit. MisterAlex No, it's brilliant. It is obvious from the onset that the voice response would be disabled on the back-end by Google—so it would, at worst, be a nuisance for Home owners for a very brief time. But we're all watching the video and discussing it. This very short, very low-budget video has more than done its job. EcE Sure, it got people talking about it but I'm sure everyone who got caught off guard by it went running to their nearest BK. Marcelove If you are an idiot, then sure it is bullshit. EcE aaaaand blocked Powsniffer0110 Wahhh JD Stupid like a fox. Kwetsima Maluleke Hmm. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd13dabd7f3d4c34cb64cf739e07667abaae63d75d00f8bde0825356ec5533c0.png Dallas King https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9e0913e1541e50871ddd3c59f560aa29f35950c5071a10e04a0b71e1f539d4e6.jpg MJ It should be illegal (but it is not nor will ever be) and Google should do something about it? The only thing they can do and should do is allow owners to change the activation phase or enable Trusted Voice on the Android Home. David Brideau LOLLLLL! mondeca Thank goodness I always fast-forward through commercials. deprofeet Brilliant... mondeca Of course this triggered an edit war on the Wikipedia page for the Whopper. JD Soon all commercials will just be "Ok Google, tell me about x" Syukri Lajin should we blame them? or Google's suck-ass voice recognition? ilovetesla turning on trusted voice is the only way out of this issue but AP says home doesnt support trusted voice Biff Wonsley Another way is to let us change the Google in OK Google to Jarvis, Beavis, Nadine, whatever. Google deserves this for not letting us customize. ilovetesla saying OK Google sucks, custom trigger voices must be made zurcaled11 This is an evolution of the Google Home Beauty and the Beast ad. Google definitely is in on it. And unfortunately it makes me want the Google Home less. demarcmj Google was not "in on it" (per the source article) But I agree stuff like this only makes me less interested in a Google Home (even though my interest level was very low to begin with). zurcaled11 You are right, the update to the article definitely makes it clear Google was not OK with it. If you want ads pushed through Google Home, you apparently have to go through Google! demarcmj Very interesting. They moved pretty fast on that. Andy J As they should of, this ad was harmless - but the next one - might not be. And as people often leave the room during adverts - a lot of people wouldn't necessarily be there to witness it adding a calendar entry or adding something to a shopping list - or further into the future - record "exciting new program" on Thursday. John Samuel αΩ It was only a matter of time. Michael Crider Quarter-pound beef patty, lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, mayo, ketchup, sesame seed bun. Bullshit you can't tell me that in 15 seconds. ilovetesla laziness at its best Brandon David Obert Isn't that a Big.... You know what never mind ilovetesla r u the real Michael Crider Michael Crider No, I kidnapped him and put him in a well in my basement and now I'm wearing his skin. ilovetesla i knew it...calling 108 ....wait ...i cant do it accessing ur disqus profile throws a 404 paxmos OK Google, what happened to Michael Crider? Carson Saldanha Nope, he's an imposter using polyjuice potion ilovetesla why dot you have the AP staff badge near your disqus name your companions artem and jeff has them Michael Crider I don't work here anymore. ilovetesla nnnnnnooooooo.....i didnt know that man........ roberto.elena Don't ex-cops get ex-cops' badges? Michael Crider I wish I could customize them but Disqus only lets one site have one badge. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Wow man..just like that? No farewell post nothing? You sir were one of my fav AP writers, even when you clearly had a different political alignment (like that matters...or does it?). Anyways all the best for your future endeavours. P.S. I would just like to take this opportunity while I can to express my sincere apologies for a reply I once posted under an article of yours covering the FBI app for most wanted criminals. I kinda photoshopped your profile pic and name in the screenshot for the app just for fun.. It got deleted instantly making me realise that maybe I shouldn't have(?) But I assure you it was just for fun, no disrespect intended. Well, so long. Powsniffer0110 He had a farewell article I thought. Jay Burger King's face right now. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a81da022eefe3eb5833231aa2593041d2bc8f33bbecb98f3e2dcba6e83e2d85d.jpg DJ SPY Haha this is pretty funny. Is it too much to ask for you guys to have a sense of humor? Why call it stupid? JSo It activates my phone but it tells me it can't recognize my voice. So they didn't get a search from me. Orlando aka Pixel XL Burger King use to be decent.... Syukri Lajin Oh look. an update. Whataburger must be enjoying those free advertising it's getting now. ROFL. this got me thinking, will they keep breaking the search results until it stops promoting a company? or will they actually fix it? lol Matt74UK Stupid? I think that was a rather amusing idea. I prefer the Big King to the Whopper though. mark555055d hmm, now the guy in the commercial can no longer use his Google home. :) Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Nah, all he needs is a helium balloon.. Ryan If only Google had allowed us to define our own activation phrases. NunjaBusiness I have been asking for that ever since the first iteration. I want so badly to say to my phone: "Bitch, what is the weather going to be tomorrow?" Adam Margeson I think that, if not for Trusted Voice, you would end up activating several people's devices given that were an option. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yet another reason why I'm glad I don't have Google Home or "Ok Google" enabled on my phone. Now, if he says "Alexa wikipedia whopper burger" next time, then I'd be in trouble. Тарас Мукин Well, the idea of putting "OK Google" in the commercial was pretty obvious. And to be honest — this is a really good execution. Clear and simple. I understand that it pisses people off, and I think I would be pissed too, but this is a good ad — executed good and works good (well, at leas worked until Google stepped in) Leahelm Thank goodness Google stepped up, hope BK and everyone else learns stuff like this is obnoxious. tim242 Google Home is obnoxious... Leahelm Lucky for you then you don't have to buy one Nogib Random aside: how is it that Amazon's TV ads don't trigger my Echo when they say "Alexa"? MisterAlex Amazon controls bot their own commercials and the back-end for Alexa search... so I'm guessing they make sure to put in exceptions to prevent talking to themselves. Sir_Brizz This, plus there are a few tricks that you can use to avoid this like checking for a specific background tone. Leonardo Baez Is a shit$# move from burger king.... But genius one as well. JD NO ONE CAN ADVERTISE IN CHEEKY FASHION EXCEPT US! - Google. Francois Roy Believe it or not, those Google bad foks disabled the command in Assistant, but NOT in OG Google Now!! XD Mike Miller The case could be made that this is already illegal and Burger King broke the law. Technically, it is an intentional and unauthorized use of someone else's personal device. I mean, it would be a ridiculous case, but the case could be made. MisterAlex Nah. You consent to too much "okay, I'm letting this thing listen to the world" fine print for that to ever hold water. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Burger King burgers are terrible. saimin Who is more evil? Burger King or Pepsi or United Airlines or Sean Spicer? tim242 United Airlines, Google, Sean Spicer, Pepsi...in that order. Notice, I added one and subtracted one. Max Johnson Out of all of those, I would say the diabetes inducing brand. Marcelove I don't usually call people bad names, but this article has a level of stupidity that is impossible to avoid: Corbin, do you only sucks Google's dick or you allow him to put in your ass too? It is Google's responsability that the device is being triggered by the commercial... So stop being a pussy trying to blame Burger King instead your boss (Google's ads paying AP). Following your thoughts, if you install Philip's lights at home and let Google Home control it, and a commercial is launched on tv about the lights, showing how it works , where a actor says the commands, making the lights at your home be changed, it is the maker of the ad responsible for this situation, and not Google... Typical case of someone trying to "blame the others", instead of blaming the real responsible for something that you don't like because the real responsible has some relation with you... Sir_Brizz WTFH? Of course it would be the ad maker's fault in your example. The ad creator acted in bad faith. I personally know I could probably activate all kinds of smart home commands through a TV commercial including turning on/off sprinklers, locking/unlocking doors, turning on/off lights, fireplaces, opening garages, etc. I don't do that because it would damage my reputation and brand to act in bad faith in that way. That's also why this commercial is so stupid. What does it do other than damage Burger King's reputation and brand? There is probably a higher than average chance that people who own devices this would activate already know what a "Whopper burger" is so it doesn't increase brand awareness. Best case scenario, you mildly piss people off. Not a great best case. Honestly, why would you even start to blame Google for this? They could do the same thing with Alexa or anything else. Makes you wonder why they specifically targeted Google devices. james fuston Still happening on my Google Home Andy J That's odd - it's been blacklisted on Google's end - doesn't require any updates on your end. Glich Trusted voice is only a Partial fix. I have it on my phone yet Jeff Jarvis on this week in google sets off my phone at least once per show.. some times 4-5 times.. Ibrahim Yusuf It never triggers for me, not for any video on the internet. Not even my brother can activate the Assistent on my phone Jovic Corcega You have Trusted Voice turned on, that's why. Hogarth Ferguson It was pretty quick to be put down, but pretty clever while it lasted. I still wont buy a whopper, but tip my hat to them for the try. Deeco Burger King got Whoopered by Google lol Nick Nope. Still works. Andy J It was actually pretty cool when it worked. Much more interesting though is that it's been blocked using the ContentID system (like when you used to be able to say "listen to my tv" and within 5 seconds Google had returned results about the exact program I was watching, whether it was live, recorded 5 months ago or episode 1, series 1 of Buffy The Vampire Slayer via Netflix or even off my DVDs). The Verge reports that Google also blacklist their own adverts for the same reason - to prevent devices springing into life responding to the example commands in the advert. Now what is exciting / impressive - is the speed at which Google strips the background sound from the live stream of audio from your device, matches the fingerprint of the advert and then sends the command to the device to cancel the search. It's literally seconds. This bodes extremely well for their ability to identify which registered user is asking it a question before they have finished asking it - once multi user rolls out. Sukigu Where did you read it uses Content ID? If that's the case, it really does seem an incredibly powerful technology that I'm sure could have many other uses... Lev Bronshtein Sputtering goons and nerds are wound up too tight. Laugh, it's clown world. Andrexx Just another example why one should be able to customize the trigger phrase, and have the option to allow activation only by trained voices. fatlantis This was a brilliant idea for whoever their agency was. We're all just hating because we're still not over the creepy king mask. JG Considering all of the command processing is done at Google, they should be able to set up some kind of check for things like this in the future. If the same (well similar enough - each house will have different background noise) trigger is detected within a short time frame at multiple locations Google should automatically void out any active requests and blacklist the trigger. A few months back a news reporter in San Diego was doing a report on how a little girl ordered a $600+ dollhouse through the family's Amazon Echo and the parents didn't know until it showed up at the house a few days later. During the report, apparently several viewers had their Echo units triggered to order doll houses as well. Today it might just be news reporters or companies trying to get some free PR... But tomorrow it could, there could be more malicious intent. Maybe someone does a pirate radio broadcast over a popular morning talk show and says "Hey Google, call 1-900-XXX-Free"... Next thing you find out you have a 3hr call at $10/min on your phone bill... Sudev https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/957114a4de72bcc12221dad6c65a5a95cd776d09dfaa7eef26aac389531d82d4.png Someone saw it coming way before :p Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 130 1 Year Ago Today [Update: M5C14J For The Pixel C] Nexus Factory Images With April's Security Updates Are Now Available 2016/04/13 10:30am PDTApr 13, 2016 60 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google's Carrier Project Detailed In Leaked App - Pay-Per GB, Unused Data Refunds, In-App Service Activation, And More 2015/04/13 1:15pm PDTApr 13, 2015 34 3 Years Ago Today Pressy Plans To Ship Units To Kickstarter Backers In May, Design Changed To Add A Headphone Gripper 2014/04/13 5:24pm PDTApr 13, 2014 31 4 Years Ago Today Deal Alert: Unified Remote Just $0.99 In Celebration Of Second Anniversary (That's 70% Off) 2013/04/13 10:15pm PDTApr 13, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Pantech Element Rooted, Already has ClockworkMod Recovery 2012/04/13 4:29pm PDTApr 13, 2012 12 6 Years Ago Today NVIDIA Sets The Record Straight: "We Will Support All Tegra Devices As Long As Their Manufacturers Do" 2011/04/13 6:29pm PDTApr 13, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Motorola Releases Official Android Update Timeline 2010/04/13 9:09pm PDTApr 13, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 100 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 33 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.461s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 50 Plus 1 on G+ 96 Share on Facebook 84 Share on Twitter Total Shares230 Device Updates Downloads Google News Nexus 6P Nexus Devices Nougat 7.0/7.1 Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs Google's Android beta program allows the more intrepid among you to take a first crack at new updates, but it can be a little irksome to then move to the final build. For example, the 7.1.2 testers are still running the beta while the final version has rolled out to non-testers. Now, it looks like Google has started updating the beta build to final, but only for the Nexus 6P so far. The update clocks in at a mere 25.4MB, which isn't surprising. You're only going from 7.1.2 to a slightly different 7.1.2. The build number when all's said and done will be N2G47H. That's the same build that rolled out to non-testers. There should not be any feature differences between the two versions, but being on the right build means you'll be able to get OTA updates going forward. We don't yet know if this is rolling out to everyone, but check your update menu to be safe. If it's not there, we've got the URL of the OTA on Google's servers. Feel free to sideload it if you can't wait, but remember this is only for the 6P. Hopefully other devices on the beta get updates soon. Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs We got numerous reports earlier than phones were being offered another update to the beta build after installing the final one. Google neglected to flip some switch on its end to prevent phones from getting the beta OTA again, but that should be fixed now. End of Update Thanks: Rik Tags android 7.1.2 android beta beta device updates Google nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story More photos of the Moto C and C Plus leaked, as well as the E4 and Z2 Force This Is The Most Recent Story Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rasty++ ...after 25mb.. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fe73c9b1e0cff7af50d8d17b4e2cd375107865d458b52c568519d9bc3306769a.png EvilHowl That's the size for updating 7.1.1 to 7.1.2. 25MB is the size of the update from 7.1.2 beta 2 to stable. rasty++ 4 update in 1 hour... 25..1313..25..1313.. fuck google ..and now 25 Laraib Zafar Khan I think it's in a loop? Because i am downloading this once. rasty++ yep.. download 4 times same otas Daniel Keeble Just got this 1.3GB update on my 6P as well. rasty++ and aftet 25 again.. and after 1313 again.. again again again CyrealKiller Same here. JD 1313 Deadend Drive? Manard After taking this update I immediately get offered a new beta-N2G47I. Xious That's the same beta build that is on my Pixel. wjrandon Beta for life. x8123999 Pixel C just got it, too. Build N2G47D. Brian Langlois I got this update. then promptly got the notification that the system update NPG47I was available. Installed that. Then promptly got the notification that This update (N2G47H) was available. It just keeps prompting to update inthenickoftime4 Same MichaelFranz same, but i didnt install the NPG47I. victor sanchez same here. Серёжа Дураков same Jean-Pierre Tavan Same... VAL Same here, weird Brianna D Green Mine did this as well but once your on the (N2G47H), just reset the phone and then go into the update screen in settings and the (NPG47I) update notification disappears. At least it did for me. Lol. James Brown What do you mean by "reset the phone." I have rebooted and gone into settings/system updates but I still get the prompt to download the previous version. Brianna D Green I rebooted after the new update and then once back in the phone, went to the update screen and notification disappeared after hitting check for update. James Brown Didn't work for me. Minty Yeah I think it's happening to everyone. I just let it put me back on to stable again and then unenrolled from the beta program so I would stop getting them. T4rd It's times like this when I'm glad I'm just on Pure Nexus ROM. =p Vedang Jadhav This is new loop man, If you are not getting bootloop, Google is ensuring you atleast get this loop!! danthepotato Thank god I'm not the only one... I tried using the chat help on the settings. The guy basically told me I should opt out of beta, but I don't want to wipe my phone... JamesBennett360 If you update then opt out it will not wipe your device. I did it myself Anuwat Jaiyen I have to opt out then restart my phone. Super Pete Same happened to me. If you're on the stable build when you unenroll, nothing happens. No notification, no wipe... Good to go VAL just unenrrolled the beta program and won´t show up F4LL0U7 Same. I'll just deal with the update icon for now until they fix it. Not interested in unenrolling and wiping my phone. rasty++ no wipe if you have n2g... Ronald Yup same issue, did the update got the notification downloaded the NPG47I but have not installed it yet Josh Hamer Yup, same thing happening to me Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google employs only the best and brightest. André Pudiesi Same here. Final, then prompted me the Beta again. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b59969b13e033f7b043512da60a6f94086726e1588fc48382fcdd40bcad52140.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0da4868bacccbb1d7ce49e3c804e23e92904bd5251a4eebb9a7de486b9d3aa17.png Curt Same. LondonLeedsFan Right.... So i got the stable build (25mb), and the beta build 1313.6mb straight after... I'm confused?! Midnitte Want the next update? Now, always have an update available! Chisel I'm also getting the NPG47I «--» N2G47H loop. Weird. phineasjw Yep. Same thing. Took the opportunity to leave the Beta program. Just make sure you leave when running N2G47H. tonyc That's the same thing that keeps happening to me. Garry I just cleared the app data for Google Play Services and so far that has alleviated the problem. Artem Russakovskii Google fixed the endless loop, guys. https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus6P/comments/6504su/anyone_else_get_a_stable_712_update_then/dg6oj2l/. Djakdekiel ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Same update for Nexus 5x alexus after I pulled this update, I got another one right after (build NPG471) Mitch G yeah, it keeps pushing old build on top of new build TxReplay Got it on Nexus 5X too ! clay hope this fixes the shutdowns when there is clearly battery left. my phone shuts down when it hits 15% left and wont turn back on until i charge K9 A bit off topic i haven't recieved assistant yet and i was thinking it was cause i was in beta. I just got the stable 7.1.2 but still no assistant. Services apps is up to date but nothing still. Wht shd i do? Carson Saldanha Is your Google app on English (US)? K9 Yes it is Carson Saldanha rip idk lol rasty++ stop ota please ..8 ota in 2 hours.. -.- Kyle Smith Got this on Nexus Player also, I like the new update animation and loading bar Ernie If you update to N2G47H and you are on the beta program. You will have to unenroll from the beta. rmagruder Just spotted this and unenrolled from the beta and annoying update message went away. Guess I'll stay out of the beta until they actually push out the next beta. 2 Men-E ...sooooo...after the comments, and selecting "Download", but before selecting "Install"...I shouldn't complete the update to this "final" 7.1.2 build [being that my 6P will just do OTA loops] 🤔 rmagruder Good LORD, Google. I just got this on my 6P. It updated the phone, and after rebooting with the final 7.1.2, it promptly gave me a new System update available message wanting to install a beta version of 7.1.2 (HPG47I) at a hefty cost of 1313.6Mb. What the heck? That was what I was JUST ON before getting the FINAL OTA. George Hadjidakis Just opt out from the beta program then back in and then out again and it will go.. Bruno Montini To everyone getting the update prompt again and again, clear cache partition, it fixed it for me I also left the beta before clearing cache Lateef Alabi-Oki If you "Check For Update" on the Nexus 5x you might get it too. I got it that way. Tim Meader Once you have the official update (installed) and have booted back up... just IGNORE the prompt to update back to the beta version. Go into the Beta Program settings and leave the program. Problem solved. F4LL0U7 I'm not looking to factory reset OR leave the beta program though... I'd imagine they have to fix this if so many people are getting it, right? Tim Meader There's no need to be in the beta program right now since there's no actual beta. You can easily go back to it at any time via the same method, that's not an issue. It takes 5 seconds to sign back up. As I said, if you've already installed the release update and rebooted, leaving the beta won't factory reset anything. F4LL0U7 Oh cool, I didn't realize you could opt out without wiping once you were on stable. Thanks! Razed Does this address the 6P battery issues? F4LL0U7 I just got updated to the final 7.1.2 build on my Nexus 5X (N2G47F). Same thing, around 25MB. And then a funny thing happened. I immediately was prompted to download and install the beta 2 (NPG47I). I am ignoring it for now, because I would imagine that installing that will knock me back to the pre-release version of 7.1.2, which I don't want. Anyone else getting this? TBBT+HIMYM The same thing with me. I should try to get out of beta probably. TBBT+HIMYM Yes. It works. F4LL0U7 But you probably had to wipe your phone when exiting the beta, right? TBBT+HIMYM No. Ignore the beta version message. Exit the beta and the message just disappears by itself. Wipe is not necessary. F4LL0U7 Awesome, thanks! danthepotato Opting out once you are on N2G47H solves the problem, without a pesky notification or need to wipe your phone Jacob Mcalister Tattoos I'm still on the beta on pixel xl.. anyone else like this? el_smurfo How do you have a 6P with the battery so low to update, yet it hasn't long since shut off prematurely at 30-40%? noneofthem Thanks, everybody. I was afraid to be the only one with that issue. I hope Google will find a solution to this fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google phone users are always bragging that they're the first to get updates. Now Google has taken it to the next level. Google phone users are the first to get into a continuous, never-ending update loop. Callanish Pure hyperbolic bullshit. There never was a never-ending update loop. All anyone had to do was pay attention to what was going on with the updates and have an incline of knowledge about what it means to be enrolled in the beta program. They'd have seen that the patch was upgrading them to the stable 7.1.2 release. They would have then seen, after rebooting, that there was a glitch with a beta installation trying to get them to install itself over a stable version. Beta 101 enrollment and research would have told them that if they were on a stable version, unenrolling from the beta program would not delete their data and any notification asking them to revert back to a beta version would be gone once unenrolled. That would have eliminated something easily solveable and have avoided giving someone like you a smug 'sky is falling' response making it seem like all this was a big deal. If you're going to be a guinea pig, by running a beta version on a phone, you've got to take some responsibility when things go pear shape and at least use common sense and learn the basics of being part of the beta program beforehand so you can at least recognize when, in this case, the user is causing the loop themselves by continuously downloading whatever the Google Notification is telling them to download and not paying attention to the fact that they are installing a beta version over a stable version creating this self inflicted problem. Charlie I have the same issue. I was confused a bit too. But I think what is going on is the final build date is after the beta 2 build date. So to the system it looks like your not on the latest build. That is why we could not side load the OTA without opting out of beta program because if your on beta 2 it looks like your on the latest build. I don't know why they do that but this is not the first time it has happened. Usually they fix the issue before the OTA is sent out so we don't get the notification for the beta build though. Lucas Cannon 5X as well, received an update stating it would be build N2G47H, then after reboot says build N2G47F. Andre Laurence I just got the final version update. It was a flawless install. FCEEVIPER I installed the OTA NPG47I, then I turned away from my phone and saw the phone was asking for a restartinstall but I did not notice that the restart would be installing NPG471. Maybe I should be paying more attention. : Should I opt out of beta to get the stable build? I'm confused. Erroneus When you have the final version installed (N2G47H), opt out of the beta program. That solves it. KosmoCrisis Me too. Nexus 6p on Project Fi, no different. This type of loop is not fun. onekage Thought it was strange to receive a beta update after receiving the​ final version I had been waiting for, for over a week. Let's hope battery life is a little better... But with a 25mb update I don't have much hope. Hopefully they do something cool with O. BBpost As someone mentioned below, I cleared out the cache for Google Play Services while on N2G47H and rebooted. This fixed the constant update cycle bug. Alvin persaud Install the "h" update first then "I" update (large)when it prompts u back to update to "h" just restart the phone and it should be good to go. Dan Zunko Nexus 5x just got the update. No loop so far. M.R. Betz 5X is up too. N2G47F for my 5X. jdawg0024 Google is also updating the Nexus 5x beta to final as well. I got the update just an hour ago TheDrunkenClam I have tried three times to install this OTA using Flashfire and cannot for the life of me get it to work. Flashfire detects it just fine, but once it fails, I don't know where the OTA resides after it is downloaded so I cannot find where it is to get it to try again (Flashfire doesn't automatically see it on the second attempt after that initial attempt for some reason). So I have been opting out of beta and then back in for it to re download the OTA and thus have Flashfire recognize. 1. Where does the OTA resides after it's downloaded? 2. Any settings in Flashfire that I should look for? idna As far as I can remember, the OTA resides in /data/ota_package (N5X, but it should be the same). And FlashFire can detect it if it's there. But in the past I noticed another location (complicated path, don't remember it now) had been used and indeed, it was not visible for FlashFire - and when I pointed the program to this location it didn't detect anything. What I would recommend is to simply grab the 7.1.2 factory image, opt out of the beta program and simply write this (factory) image with FlashFire, of course without overwriting the userdata partition. That's what I did when the images where released some weeks ago, I couldn't wait for Google to push this special OTA for those of us using the beta program. lomsha The notification finally went away on O. Margaritas Ante Porcos Nexus 6p owners, don't rush to update. My 6p's battery dies within few moments after I've updated from 7.1.1. to 7.1.2. You know how Google reacts to this. Google ignores anything. Morenicano In celebration of fixing the update loop, Google has decided to make another message app 2 Men-E For some reason my 6P is no longer receiving this final OTA. I downloaded it early today, but did not install it. Since then, I rebooted my 6P, and the install notification went away, and now when I check for updates, nothing is there. AnthonyRyan89 I got the final build update today and updated it then an hour later I got another update for the beta again. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 22 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 108 queries | 0.440s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Hybrid set-top box will convert your television into a smart TV Hybrid set-top box will convert your television into a smart TV Airtel Digital TV, the direct-to-home (DTH) arm of Bharti Airtel, on Wednesday, announced the launch of its hybrid set-top box (STB) - Internet TV. By: Anushree Bhattacharyya | Published: April 13, 2017 6:20 AM Based on the consumer insight that viewers want to use one single device to watch offline and online content rather than opting for multiple devices, at an affordable price. Airtel Digital TV, the direct-to-home (DTH) arm of Bharti Airtel, on Wednesday, announced the launch of its hybrid set-top box (STB) – Internet TV. The hybrid STB converts an existing television into a ‘smart TV, thus enabling users to watch satellite TV content as well as online content from over-the-top (OTT) platforms such as Netflix, YouTube. New consumers can avail the service at an one-time cost of `4,999, while existing Airtel DTH consumers can upgrade to Internet TV service by paying `3,999.Sunil Taldar, CEO and director – DTH, Bharti Airtel, explained to FE’s Anushree Bhattacharyya, how the new product would work. Excerpts: With the market already flooded with similar products including Chromecast from Google, Apple TV, etc, how is the hybrid set-top box any different? Based on the consumer insight that viewers want to use one single device to watch offline and online content rather than opting for multiple devices, at an affordable price. The hybrid STB is feature packed, as it comes preloaded with Netflix, YouTube, Google Play Music, Google Play Games, Airtel Movies, etc. It also provides access to Google Play Store allowing users to download apps, content and games on to their TV. Moreover, we will be getting more video OTT players like Amazon Prime Video and Hotstar on the platform. We are already in discussion with these players. In terms of pricing, how affordable is the STB? Also, does the price include the cost of subscription of platforms like Netflix, and other OTT services? We are running a limited three month offer for new subscribers. As per the offer, post purchase of a new connection at a price of `4999, a viewer can watch satellite TV content including all HD channels free for three months. However, the viewer will be required to pay separately for subscription of OTT platforms. For example, if a viewer is a Netflix subscriber, then she will be required to pay the subscription charges which ranges between `560-`800 separately to the company. We are also running an annual subscription offer at `7,999. Finally, for existing consumers, who would like to upgrade, they are required to pay `3,999. Post which users will have free access to satellite TV content for a month. After the free trail ends users can opt for either of the monthly plans – `500 to watch all standard definition channels and `700 to watch all high-definition content. What about bundling with the broadband services which Airtel has? Will you be running any special offer for broadband users? We are not dependent on any one broadband service provider. In-order to stream content through the hybrid STB, all a viewer requires is a 2Mb Internet connectivity. Yes, we are providing special offers to Airtel broadband users, who will be given extra data, if they avail the new service. For example, ‘Internet TV’ customers need to register for myHOME on MyAirtel app to avail up to 25GB additional data on their Airtel broadband account every month. No Comments. Trending Now India's GDP growth may slip to 6.7% in March quarter, says Nomura Cracks appear in Congress over EVM tampering issue BIEAP AP Inter Exam Results 2017 to be declared shortly at Official Portal bieap.gov.in: Know how to check your results Russia vetoes UNSC action condemning Syria chemical weapons attack IPL 10: Virat Kohli most followed player on Facebook, Instagram Russia: Vladimir Putin meets Rex Tillerson as Syria rift deepens US-Russia relationship may be at an all-time low: Donald Trump Rajasthan tea-seller under I-T department radar after paying Rs 1 crore as dowry in daughters'wedding Indian software engineer Abdulqadir Rashik wins top prize at UN challenge for open source tool North Korea leader Kim Jong-Un oversees special forces operation as tensions soar Baisakhi 2017: Importance and all you need to know about festival Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News LIVE उपचुनाव नतीजे 2017: 10 विधानसभा सीटों में से 5 पर BJP आगे, राजौरी सीट पर कांग्रेस दूसरे और आप तीसरे नंबर पर कुलभूषण जाधव मामले में भारत को बड़ा झटका, यूएन ने कहा- फैसला लेने की स्थिति में नहीं, दोनों देश इसे आपस में सुलझाए आज ही हुआ था जलियांवाला बाग नरसंहार, निहत्थे-मासूमों पर गोली चलवाने वाले डायर ने भारतीय वकील को दिए थे ये जवाब Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Burger King’s Ad Tries To Purposely Activate Google Assistant By Tyler Lee on 04/12/2017 17:25 PDT Like tech videos? Subscribe to Ubergizmo on Youtube The thing with voice based devices like your smartphone’s voice assistant software, or Amazon’s Echo or Google Home is that at the moment, they work on hotwords. This means that they activate when a certain word or phrase is used, like “OK Google”, or “Alexa”, or “Hey Siri”, and so on. In the past we have seen how sometimes this can result in the device activating by accident, although in Burger King’s case, it seems that the fast food chain is looking to do it on purpose. The company recently posted a 15 second ad in which they try to talk about their Whopper burger, and towards the end of the video the camera zooms in on the guy in the video who goes on to say, “OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?” Now the good news for Android users who have enabled Trusted Voice on their phones, this trick did not seem to work with their devices. However for those who did not enable the feature, or for those who have Google Home which does not come with the feature, your devices will activate in an attempt to search for information on the Whopper. While we suppose it is a bit clever on Burger King’s part and also a bit funny, Google isn’t too amused by this and according to Niv Dror who writes for Product Hunt, Google has disabled the voice command and it no longer works when the ad plays. Google disabled the voice command for Burger King’s commercial 😂😂 (it previously worked) pic.twitter.com/xDWF4wDS1Z — Niv Dror (@Nivo0o0) April 12, 2017 Filed in Gadgets >General. Read more about Google, google assistant and google home. Related Articles 2017-04-12 Android Pay Gets Deeper Integration With Some Mobile Banking Apps 2017-04-11 Google Wants To Eliminate Page Jumps In Latest Version Of Chrome 2017-04-10 Google’s Inbox Now Rolling Out High Priority Notifications Option 2017-04-10 Google Image Search Will Now Show Similar Items For Shopping 2017-04-10 Google Home To Get Multi-User Support 2017-04-05 Google Home With Mesh Networking Reportedly Being Developed 2017-04-01 Logitech’s Harmony Now Works With Google Home 2017-03-31 Soon You’ll Be Able To Play Text Adventure Games With Google Home Middle Eastern Airlines Has A Workaround On Electronics Ban Woman's Headphones Explode Mid-Flight Google And Levi's Smart Jacket Launches This Fall For $350 Pre-Order Project Scorpio Page Goes Live On Microsoft Store ‘Smart’ Teddy Bear Leaks 2 Million Recordings Of Kids And Their Parents Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES News Broadcast Accidentally Tells Alexa To Order Dollhouses Casio Pro Trek WSD-F20 Smartwatch Announced User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Latest News Dow 20,592 -59.44 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,836 -30.61 -0.52% S&P 500 2,345 -8.85 -0.38% 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.3% lower at 5,087.57 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,333.89 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 381.19 2:41 A.M. ET Royal Mail sets date to stop pension plan payment 2:39 A.M. ET Rio Tinto coal sale gets green light in Australia 2:23 A.M. ET Updated When are European stock markets closed for Easter? 2:12 A.M. ET Fortescue iron-ore shipments fall for quarter 2:07 A.M. ET Infosys warns on revenue growth amid H-1B scrutiny 2:06 A.M. ET China exports rise 16.4%; trade surplus returns 4/12 China returns to trade surplus 4/12 Singapore GDP shrinks, central bank not worried 4/12 Nikkei slumps amid dollar selloff in Asia 4/12 Brazil slashes Selic rate by full percentage point 4/12 China's exports leap 14.8% in Q1 4/12 Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices 4/12 Pioneering New York judge’s body found in Hudson River 4/12 Berkshire appears likely to back Wells Fargo directors 4/12 Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? 4/12 Spring Cleaning for Your Finances 4/12 Uber anticipated lawsuit over ex-Google exec immediately, lawyers say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Automobiles The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Uber anticipated lawsuit over ex-Google exec immediately, lawyers say By Jack Nicas Published: Apr 12, 2017 8:21 p.m. ET Share Alphabet alleges Anthony Levandowski, Uber were in contact while he was still at Google AFP/Getty Images Anthony Levandowski speaks at the launch of Uber’s self-driving car in Pittsburgh in 2016. By JackNicas SAN FRANCISCO — Uber Technologies Inc. was considering buying the driverless-car startup of a former Google engineer two days after he resigned from the tech giant, and was already anticipating a lawsuit if it did, attorneys for Google parent Alphabet Inc. GOOG, +0.12% GOOGL, +0.19%   said in federal court here Wednesday. The new evidence appears to affirm allegations by Google’s driverless-car unit, Waymo, that Uber and its former engineer, Anthony Levandowski, were in contact around the time of his departure from Google — and that Uber was aware of certain risks associated with the startup, months before it bought it. Uber eventually acquired Levandowski’s startup, Ottomotto LLC, for $680 million in August 2016, nearly seven months later. In February, Waymo sued Uber, alleging Levandowski colluded with Uber to steal 14,000 confidential documents from Waymo — even before he left Google — to jump-start Uber’s self-driving car efforts. Uber denies the charges. Waymo attorneys said at a court hearing Wednesday that on Jan. 29, 2016, two days after Levandowski resigned from Google, Uber attorneys emailed one another about defending Levandowski and Uber from any potential lawsuit over Uber’s potential purchase of Levandowski’s startup, which was incorporated just two weeks earlier, public records show. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. This security attack costs companies over $3 billion in losses(1:49) Proofpoint CEO Gary Steele talks to MarketWatch about the cyber attacks that caused over $3 billion in losses in 2016 and how companies and individuals can protect themselves. Also popular on WSJ.com: What to do when you’re on an overbooked flight. Elon Musk has an awkward problem at Tesla: employee parking. More from MarketWatch Spicer: Hitler Didn't Use Chemical Weapons in WWII Syria Strike: Sparking a Dangerous U.S.-Russia Clash? Desktop PCs Are Making a Comeback Quote References GOOG +0.97 +0.12% GOOGL +1.58 +0.19% Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap No one is noticing this big red flag for the stock market Why most renters don’t want to buy homes right now Tesla Model S sells faster as used car — and for more money — than peers do, study finds How self-driving cars will take over more than just the driving MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $824.32 +0.97 (+0.12%) Volume 883.4K Open $821.93 High $826.66 Low $821.02 P/E Ratio 29.57 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 572.3B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $841.46 +1.58 (+0.19%) Volume 1.1M Open $838.46 High $843.72 Low $837.59 P/E Ratio 30.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 572.3B
Latest News Dow 20,592 -59.44 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,836 -30.61 -0.52% S&P 500 2,345 -8.85 -0.38% 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.3% lower at 5,087.57 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,333.89 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 381.19 2:41 A.M. ET Royal Mail sets date to stop pension plan payment 2:39 A.M. ET Rio Tinto coal sale gets green light in Australia 2:23 A.M. ET Updated When are European stock markets closed for Easter? 2:12 A.M. ET Fortescue iron-ore shipments fall for quarter 2:07 A.M. ET Infosys warns on revenue growth amid H-1B scrutiny 2:06 A.M. ET China exports rise 16.4%; trade surplus returns 4/12 China returns to trade surplus 4/12 Singapore GDP shrinks, central bank not worried 4/12 Nikkei slumps amid dollar selloff in Asia 4/12 Brazil slashes Selic rate by full percentage point 4/12 China's exports leap 14.8% in Q1 4/12 Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices 4/12 Pioneering New York judge’s body found in Hudson River 4/12 Berkshire appears likely to back Wells Fargo directors 4/12 Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? 4/12 Spring Cleaning for Your Finances 4/12 Uber anticipated lawsuit over ex-Google exec immediately, lawyers say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Automobiles The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Uber anticipated lawsuit over ex-Google exec immediately, lawyers say By Jack Nicas Published: Apr 12, 2017 8:21 p.m. ET Share Alphabet alleges Anthony Levandowski, Uber were in contact while he was still at Google AFP/Getty Images Anthony Levandowski speaks at the launch of Uber’s self-driving car in Pittsburgh in 2016. By JackNicas SAN FRANCISCO — Uber Technologies Inc. was considering buying the driverless-car startup of a former Google engineer two days after he resigned from the tech giant, and was already anticipating a lawsuit if it did, attorneys for Google parent Alphabet Inc. GOOG, +0.12% GOOGL, +0.19%   said in federal court here Wednesday. The new evidence appears to affirm allegations by Google’s driverless-car unit, Waymo, that Uber and its former engineer, Anthony Levandowski, were in contact around the time of his departure from Google — and that Uber was aware of certain risks associated with the startup, months before it bought it. Uber eventually acquired Levandowski’s startup, Ottomotto LLC, for $680 million in August 2016, nearly seven months later. In February, Waymo sued Uber, alleging Levandowski colluded with Uber to steal 14,000 confidential documents from Waymo — even before he left Google — to jump-start Uber’s self-driving car efforts. Uber denies the charges. Waymo attorneys said at a court hearing Wednesday that on Jan. 29, 2016, two days after Levandowski resigned from Google, Uber attorneys emailed one another about defending Levandowski and Uber from any potential lawsuit over Uber’s potential purchase of Levandowski’s startup, which was incorporated just two weeks earlier, public records show. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. This security attack costs companies over $3 billion in losses(1:49) Proofpoint CEO Gary Steele talks to MarketWatch about the cyber attacks that caused over $3 billion in losses in 2016 and how companies and individuals can protect themselves. Also popular on WSJ.com: What to do when you’re on an overbooked flight. Elon Musk has an awkward problem at Tesla: employee parking. More from MarketWatch This digital currency is about to succeed where bitcoin has failed The Financial Lesson in a $1 Hot Dog United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Quote References GOOG +0.97 +0.12% GOOGL +1.58 +0.19% Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap No one is noticing this big red flag for the stock market Why most renters don’t want to buy homes right now Tesla Model S sells faster as used car — and for more money — than peers do, study finds How self-driving cars will take over more than just the driving MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $824.32 +0.97 (+0.12%) Volume 883.4K Open $821.93 High $826.66 Low $821.02 P/E Ratio 29.57 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 572.3B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $841.46 +1.58 (+0.19%) Volume 1.1M Open $838.46 High $843.72 Low $837.59 P/E Ratio 30.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 572.3B
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 50 Plus 1 on G+ 96 Share on Facebook 84 Share on Twitter Total Shares230 Device Updates Downloads Google News Nexus 6P Nexus Devices Nougat 7.0/7.1 Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs Google's Android beta program allows the more intrepid among you to take a first crack at new updates, but it can be a little irksome to then move to the final build. For example, the 7.1.2 testers are still running the beta while the final version has rolled out to non-testers. Now, it looks like Google has started updating the beta build to final, but only for the Nexus 6P so far. The update clocks in at a mere 25.4MB, which isn't surprising. You're only going from 7.1.2 to a slightly different 7.1.2. The build number when all's said and done will be N2G47H. That's the same build that rolled out to non-testers. There should not be any feature differences between the two versions, but being on the right build means you'll be able to get OTA updates going forward. We don't yet know if this is rolling out to everyone, but check your update menu to be safe. If it's not there, we've got the URL of the OTA on Google's servers. Feel free to sideload it if you can't wait, but remember this is only for the 6P. Hopefully other devices on the beta get updates soon. Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs We got numerous reports earlier than phones were being offered another update to the beta build after installing the final one. Google neglected to flip some switch on its end to prevent phones from getting the beta OTA again, but that should be fixed now. End of Update Thanks: Rik Tags android 7.1.2 android beta beta device updates Google nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story More photos of the Moto C and C Plus leaked, as well as the E4 and Z2 Force This Is The Most Recent Story Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rasty++ ...after 25mb.. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fe73c9b1e0cff7af50d8d17b4e2cd375107865d458b52c568519d9bc3306769a.png EvilHowl That's the size for updating 7.1.1 to 7.1.2. 25MB is the size of the update from 7.1.2 beta 2 to stable. rasty++ 4 update in 1 hour... 25..1313..25..1313.. fuck google ..and now 25 Laraib Zafar Khan I think it's in a loop? Because i am downloading this once. rasty++ yep.. download 4 times same otas Daniel Keeble Just got this 1.3GB update on my 6P as well. rasty++ and aftet 25 again.. and after 1313 again.. again again again CyrealKiller Same here. JD 1313 Deadend Drive? Manard After taking this update I immediately get offered a new beta-N2G47I. Xious That's the same beta build that is on my Pixel. wjrandon Beta for life. x8123999 Pixel C just got it, too. Build N2G47D. Brian Langlois I got this update. then promptly got the notification that the system update NPG47I was available. Installed that. Then promptly got the notification that This update (N2G47H) was available. It just keeps prompting to update inthenickoftime4 Same MichaelFranz same, but i didnt install the NPG47I. victor sanchez same here. Серёжа Дураков same Jean-Pierre Tavan Same... VAL Same here, weird Brianna D Green Mine did this as well but once your on the (N2G47H), just reset the phone and then go into the update screen in settings and the (NPG47I) update notification disappears. At least it did for me. Lol. James Brown What do you mean by "reset the phone." I have rebooted and gone into settings/system updates but I still get the prompt to download the previous version. Brianna D Green I rebooted after the new update and then once back in the phone, went to the update screen and notification disappeared after hitting check for update. James Brown Didn't work for me. Minty Yeah I think it's happening to everyone. I just let it put me back on to stable again and then unenrolled from the beta program so I would stop getting them. T4rd It's times like this when I'm glad I'm just on Pure Nexus ROM. =p Vedang Jadhav This is new loop man, If you are not getting bootloop, Google is ensuring you atleast get this loop!! danthepotato Thank god I'm not the only one... I tried using the chat help on the settings. The guy basically told me I should opt out of beta, but I don't want to wipe my phone... JamesBennett360 If you update then opt out it will not wipe your device. I did it myself Anuwat Jaiyen I have to opt out then restart my phone. Super Pete Same happened to me. If you're on the stable build when you unenroll, nothing happens. No notification, no wipe... Good to go VAL just unenrrolled the beta program and won´t show up F4LL0U7 Same. I'll just deal with the update icon for now until they fix it. Not interested in unenrolling and wiping my phone. rasty++ no wipe if you have n2g... Ronald Yup same issue, did the update got the notification downloaded the NPG47I but have not installed it yet Josh Hamer Yup, same thing happening to me Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google employs only the best and brightest. André Pudiesi Same here. Final, then prompted me the Beta again. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b59969b13e033f7b043512da60a6f94086726e1588fc48382fcdd40bcad52140.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0da4868bacccbb1d7ce49e3c804e23e92904bd5251a4eebb9a7de486b9d3aa17.png Curt Same. LondonLeedsFan Right.... So i got the stable build (25mb), and the beta build 1313.6mb straight after... I'm confused?! Midnitte Want the next update? Now, always have an update available! Chisel I'm also getting the NPG47I «--» N2G47H loop. Weird. phineasjw Yep. Same thing. Took the opportunity to leave the Beta program. Just make sure you leave when running N2G47H. tonyc That's the same thing that keeps happening to me. Garry I just cleared the app data for Google Play Services and so far that has alleviated the problem. Artem Russakovskii Google fixed the endless loop, guys. https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus6P/comments/6504su/anyone_else_get_a_stable_712_update_then/dg6oj2l/. Djakdekiel ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Same update for Nexus 5x alexus after I pulled this update, I got another one right after (build NPG471) Mitch G yeah, it keeps pushing old build on top of new build TxReplay Got it on Nexus 5X too ! clay hope this fixes the shutdowns when there is clearly battery left. my phone shuts down when it hits 15% left and wont turn back on until i charge K9 A bit off topic i haven't recieved assistant yet and i was thinking it was cause i was in beta. I just got the stable 7.1.2 but still no assistant. Services apps is up to date but nothing still. Wht shd i do? Carson Saldanha Is your Google app on English (US)? K9 Yes it is Carson Saldanha rip idk lol rasty++ stop ota please ..8 ota in 2 hours.. -.- Kyle Smith Got this on Nexus Player also, I like the new update animation and loading bar Ernie If you update to N2G47H and you are on the beta program. You will have to unenroll from the beta. rmagruder Just spotted this and unenrolled from the beta and annoying update message went away. Guess I'll stay out of the beta until they actually push out the next beta. 2 Men-E ...sooooo...after the comments, and selecting "Download", but before selecting "Install"...I shouldn't complete the update to this "final" 7.1.2 build [being that my 6P will just do OTA loops] 🤔 rmagruder Good LORD, Google. I just got this on my 6P. It updated the phone, and after rebooting with the final 7.1.2, it promptly gave me a new System update available message wanting to install a beta version of 7.1.2 (HPG47I) at a hefty cost of 1313.6Mb. What the heck? That was what I was JUST ON before getting the FINAL OTA. George Hadjidakis Just opt out from the beta program then back in and then out again and it will go.. Bruno Montini To everyone getting the update prompt again and again, clear cache partition, it fixed it for me I also left the beta before clearing cache Lateef Alabi-Oki If you "Check For Update" on the Nexus 5x you might get it too. I got it that way. Tim Meader Once you have the official update (installed) and have booted back up... just IGNORE the prompt to update back to the beta version. Go into the Beta Program settings and leave the program. Problem solved. F4LL0U7 I'm not looking to factory reset OR leave the beta program though... I'd imagine they have to fix this if so many people are getting it, right? Tim Meader There's no need to be in the beta program right now since there's no actual beta. You can easily go back to it at any time via the same method, that's not an issue. It takes 5 seconds to sign back up. As I said, if you've already installed the release update and rebooted, leaving the beta won't factory reset anything. F4LL0U7 Oh cool, I didn't realize you could opt out without wiping once you were on stable. Thanks! Razed Does this address the 6P battery issues? F4LL0U7 I just got updated to the final 7.1.2 build on my Nexus 5X (N2G47F). Same thing, around 25MB. And then a funny thing happened. I immediately was prompted to download and install the beta 2 (NPG47I). I am ignoring it for now, because I would imagine that installing that will knock me back to the pre-release version of 7.1.2, which I don't want. Anyone else getting this? TBBT+HIMYM The same thing with me. I should try to get out of beta probably. TBBT+HIMYM Yes. It works. F4LL0U7 But you probably had to wipe your phone when exiting the beta, right? TBBT+HIMYM No. Ignore the beta version message. Exit the beta and the message just disappears by itself. Wipe is not necessary. F4LL0U7 Awesome, thanks! danthepotato Opting out once you are on N2G47H solves the problem, without a pesky notification or need to wipe your phone Jacob Mcalister Tattoos I'm still on the beta on pixel xl.. anyone else like this? el_smurfo How do you have a 6P with the battery so low to update, yet it hasn't long since shut off prematurely at 30-40%? noneofthem Thanks, everybody. I was afraid to be the only one with that issue. I hope Google will find a solution to this fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google phone users are always bragging that they're the first to get updates. Now Google has taken it to the next level. Google phone users are the first to get into a continuous, never-ending update loop. Callanish Pure hyperbolic bullshit. There never was a never-ending update loop. All anyone had to do was pay attention to what was going on with the updates and have an incline of knowledge about what it means to be enrolled in the beta program. They'd have seen that the patch was upgrading them to the stable 7.1.2 release. They would have then seen, after rebooting, that there was a glitch with a beta installation trying to get them to install itself over a stable version. Beta 101 enrollment and research would have told them that if they were on a stable version, unenrolling from the beta program would not delete their data and any notification asking them to revert back to a beta version would be gone once unenrolled. That would have eliminated something easily solveable and have avoided giving someone like you a smug 'sky is falling' response making it seem like all this was a big deal. If you're going to be a guinea pig, by running a beta version on a phone, you've got to take some responsibility when things go pear shape and at least use common sense and learn the basics of being part of the beta program beforehand so you can at least recognize when, in this case, the user is causing the loop themselves by continuously downloading whatever the Google Notification is telling them to download and not paying attention to the fact that they are installing a beta version over a stable version creating this self inflicted problem. Charlie I have the same issue. I was confused a bit too. But I think what is going on is the final build date is after the beta 2 build date. So to the system it looks like your not on the latest build. That is why we could not side load the OTA without opting out of beta program because if your on beta 2 it looks like your on the latest build. I don't know why they do that but this is not the first time it has happened. Usually they fix the issue before the OTA is sent out so we don't get the notification for the beta build though. Lucas Cannon 5X as well, received an update stating it would be build N2G47H, then after reboot says build N2G47F. Andre Laurence I just got the final version update. It was a flawless install. FCEEVIPER I installed the OTA NPG47I, then I turned away from my phone and saw the phone was asking for a restartinstall but I did not notice that the restart would be installing NPG471. Maybe I should be paying more attention. : Should I opt out of beta to get the stable build? I'm confused. Erroneus When you have the final version installed (N2G47H), opt out of the beta program. That solves it. KosmoCrisis Me too. Nexus 6p on Project Fi, no different. This type of loop is not fun. onekage Thought it was strange to receive a beta update after receiving the​ final version I had been waiting for, for over a week. Let's hope battery life is a little better... But with a 25mb update I don't have much hope. Hopefully they do something cool with O. BBpost As someone mentioned below, I cleared out the cache for Google Play Services while on N2G47H and rebooted. This fixed the constant update cycle bug. Alvin persaud Install the "h" update first then "I" update (large)when it prompts u back to update to "h" just restart the phone and it should be good to go. Dan Zunko Nexus 5x just got the update. No loop so far. M.R. Betz 5X is up too. N2G47F for my 5X. jdawg0024 Google is also updating the Nexus 5x beta to final as well. I got the update just an hour ago TheDrunkenClam I have tried three times to install this OTA using Flashfire and cannot for the life of me get it to work. Flashfire detects it just fine, but once it fails, I don't know where the OTA resides after it is downloaded so I cannot find where it is to get it to try again (Flashfire doesn't automatically see it on the second attempt after that initial attempt for some reason). So I have been opting out of beta and then back in for it to re download the OTA and thus have Flashfire recognize. 1. Where does the OTA resides after it's downloaded? 2. Any settings in Flashfire that I should look for? idna As far as I can remember, the OTA resides in /data/ota_package (N5X, but it should be the same). And FlashFire can detect it if it's there. But in the past I noticed another location (complicated path, don't remember it now) had been used and indeed, it was not visible for FlashFire - and when I pointed the program to this location it didn't detect anything. What I would recommend is to simply grab the 7.1.2 factory image, opt out of the beta program and simply write this (factory) image with FlashFire, of course without overwriting the userdata partition. That's what I did when the images where released some weeks ago, I couldn't wait for Google to push this special OTA for those of us using the beta program. lomsha The notification finally went away on O. Margaritas Ante Porcos Nexus 6p owners, don't rush to update. My 6p's battery dies within few moments after I've updated from 7.1.1. to 7.1.2. You know how Google reacts to this. Google ignores anything. Morenicano In celebration of fixing the update loop, Google has decided to make another message app 2 Men-E For some reason my 6P is no longer receiving this final OTA. I downloaded it early today, but did not install it. Since then, I rebooted my 6P, and the install notification went away, and now when I check for updates, nothing is there. AnthonyRyan89 I got the final build update today and updated it then an hour later I got another update for the beta again. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 22 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 108 queries | 0.440s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 58 Plus 1 on G+ 259 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares382 News Videos Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Always-listening voice assistants, like Google Now/Assistant or Alexa, can't really tell the difference between you talking and someone else (unless you have Trusted Voice enabled on Android). Maybe you've watched a few tech videos where someone said "Ok Google," and your phone started talking back. Burger King seems to be the first company to purposely trigger Google Now/Assistant in a television ad. In the below video, a Burger King employee says "Ok Google, what is the whopper burger," right before the ad ends: As mentioned above, turning on Trusted Voice on your Android devices gets around this, but the Google Home has no such option. Searching Google Trends for "what is the whopper burger" shows a graph of Burger King's victims: If you wanted to be funny and edit the Whopper page on Wikipedia to say something else, the page has already been locked due to vandalism. It also looks like someone from Burger King changed the page immediately before rolling out the ad to list the ingredients at the top (which has since been reverted). Let us know in the comments below if you've seen the ad on TV. Source: Buzzfeed Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Google disabled the voice command for Burger King's commercial 😂😂 (it previously worked) pic.twitter.com/xDWF4wDS1Z — Niv Dror (@Nivo0o0) April 12, 2017 End of Update Tags burger king google assistant google now google search hotword OK Google okay google video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon Galaxy Note5 and S6 edge+ receiving Android 7.0 Nougat updates ... Next Story Qualcomm ordered to pay out nearly a billion dollars to BlackBerry over royalty dispute Trending 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments TechGuy22 ah Sup Hah. That's actually quite smart. MJ Pissing off potential customers is smart? Nicholas C They will get tons of free attention from this. So yea. Sup People get pissed off so easily :/ EowynCarter Well, yeah, I don't like ads. So intrusive ad like this tends to get the opposite effect. MisterAlex If I'd theoretically been watching cable television (which I don't subscribe to) and this ad came on and triggered my phone and/or Home, I'd be far more amused than irritated. And it's not like Google would have ever let it last long, anyway. Impulse_Vigil It's amusing for all of 5s, sets a bad precedent and encourages a drove of similar stunts tho. Ryan Johnson Yeah what a shame that people get pissed off from having some advertisement take advantage of their devices to read marketing BS at them. Not to mention editing & hassling Wikipedia to have the first paragraph say what they want. Everyone already knows what the Whopper is anyway AndroidUser00110001 Funny... Kieron Quinn In before someone really good at SEO makes a site which takes over the card read out by the Home to say something against BK Kieron Quinn Or, as it's been done before, simply edit the wikipedia page at the right time so the spider resets the text to say it Corbin Davenport The Whopper page is already edit locked. Kieron Quinn Shame. Will have to be an elaborate SEO trick then My1 it's semi-locked only though. meaning only registered members can edit iirc. Pessimippopotamus Google Home needs trained voice recognition like yesterday. the_secret The article does mention "trusted voice" can be enabled, like today! Suicide_Note Not on Google Home devices it can't. EcE Reading and comprehension is hard. nxtiak Trusted voice is only on phones. UniBroW Beta product is Beta ilovetesla this is not stupid , its smart guys EcE It's bullshit. MisterAlex No, it's brilliant. It is obvious from the onset that the voice response would be disabled on the back-end by Google—so it would, at worst, be a nuisance for Home owners for a very brief time. But we're all watching the video and discussing it. This very short, very low-budget video has more than done its job. EcE Sure, it got people talking about it but I'm sure everyone who got caught off guard by it went running to their nearest BK. Marcelove If you are an idiot, then sure it is bullshit. EcE aaaaand blocked Powsniffer0110 Wahhh JD Stupid like a fox. Kwetsima Maluleke Hmm. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd13dabd7f3d4c34cb64cf739e07667abaae63d75d00f8bde0825356ec5533c0.png Dallas King https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9e0913e1541e50871ddd3c59f560aa29f35950c5071a10e04a0b71e1f539d4e6.jpg MJ It should be illegal (but it is not nor will ever be) and Google should do something about it? The only thing they can do and should do is allow owners to change the activation phase or enable Trusted Voice on the Android Home. David Brideau LOLLLLL! mondeca Thank goodness I always fast-forward through commercials. deprofeet Brilliant... mondeca Of course this triggered an edit war on the Wikipedia page for the Whopper. JD Soon all commercials will just be "Ok Google, tell me about x" Syukri Lajin should we blame them? or Google's suck-ass voice recognition? ilovetesla turning on trusted voice is the only way out of this issue but AP says home doesnt support trusted voice Biff Wonsley Another way is to let us change the Google in OK Google to Jarvis, Beavis, Nadine, whatever. Google deserves this for not letting us customize. ilovetesla saying OK Google sucks, custom trigger voices must be made zurcaled11 This is an evolution of the Google Home Beauty and the Beast ad. Google definitely is in on it. And unfortunately it makes me want the Google Home less. demarcmj Google was not "in on it" (per the source article) But I agree stuff like this only makes me less interested in a Google Home (even though my interest level was very low to begin with). zurcaled11 You are right, the update to the article definitely makes it clear Google was not OK with it. If you want ads pushed through Google Home, you apparently have to go through Google! demarcmj Very interesting. They moved pretty fast on that. Andy J As they should of, this ad was harmless - but the next one - might not be. And as people often leave the room during adverts - a lot of people wouldn't necessarily be there to witness it adding a calendar entry or adding something to a shopping list - or further into the future - record "exciting new program" on Thursday. John Samuel αΩ It was only a matter of time. Michael Crider Quarter-pound beef patty, lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, mayo, ketchup, sesame seed bun. Bullshit you can't tell me that in 15 seconds. ilovetesla laziness at its best Brandon David Obert Isn't that a Big.... You know what never mind ilovetesla r u the real Michael Crider Michael Crider No, I kidnapped him and put him in a well in my basement and now I'm wearing his skin. ilovetesla i knew it...calling 108 ....wait ...i cant do it accessing ur disqus profile throws a 404 paxmos OK Google, what happened to Michael Crider? Carson Saldanha Nope, he's an imposter using polyjuice potion ilovetesla why dot you have the AP staff badge near your disqus name your companions artem and jeff has them Michael Crider I don't work here anymore. ilovetesla nnnnnnooooooo.....i didnt know that man........ roberto.elena Don't ex-cops get ex-cops' badges? Michael Crider I wish I could customize them but Disqus only lets one site have one badge. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Wow man..just like that? No farewell post nothing? You sir were one of my fav AP writers, even when you clearly had a different political alignment (like that matters...or does it?). Anyways all the best for your future endeavours. P.S. I would just like to take this opportunity while I can to express my sincere apologies for a reply I once posted under an article of yours covering the FBI app for most wanted criminals. I kinda photoshopped your profile pic and name in the screenshot for the app just for fun.. It got deleted instantly making me realise that maybe I shouldn't have(?) But I assure you it was just for fun, no disrespect intended. Well, so long. Powsniffer0110 He had a farewell article I thought. Jay Burger King's face right now. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a81da022eefe3eb5833231aa2593041d2bc8f33bbecb98f3e2dcba6e83e2d85d.jpg DJ SPY Haha this is pretty funny. Is it too much to ask for you guys to have a sense of humor? Why call it stupid? JSo It activates my phone but it tells me it can't recognize my voice. So they didn't get a search from me. Orlando aka Pixel XL Burger King use to be decent.... Syukri Lajin Oh look. an update. Whataburger must be enjoying those free advertising it's getting now. ROFL. this got me thinking, will they keep breaking the search results until it stops promoting a company? or will they actually fix it? lol Matt74UK Stupid? I think that was a rather amusing idea. I prefer the Big King to the Whopper though. mark555055d hmm, now the guy in the commercial can no longer use his Google home. :) Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Nah, all he needs is a helium balloon.. Ryan If only Google had allowed us to define our own activation phrases. NunjaBusiness I have been asking for that ever since the first iteration. I want so badly to say to my phone: "Bitch, what is the weather going to be tomorrow?" Adam Margeson I think that, if not for Trusted Voice, you would end up activating several people's devices given that were an option. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yet another reason why I'm glad I don't have Google Home or "Ok Google" enabled on my phone. Now, if he says "Alexa wikipedia whopper burger" next time, then I'd be in trouble. Тарас Мукин Well, the idea of putting "OK Google" in the commercial was pretty obvious. And to be honest — this is a really good execution. Clear and simple. I understand that it pisses people off, and I think I would be pissed too, but this is a good ad — executed good and works good (well, at leas worked until Google stepped in) Leahelm Thank goodness Google stepped up, hope BK and everyone else learns stuff like this is obnoxious. tim242 Google Home is obnoxious... Leahelm Lucky for you then you don't have to buy one Nogib Random aside: how is it that Amazon's TV ads don't trigger my Echo when they say "Alexa"? MisterAlex Amazon controls bot their own commercials and the back-end for Alexa search... so I'm guessing they make sure to put in exceptions to prevent talking to themselves. Sir_Brizz This, plus there are a few tricks that you can use to avoid this like checking for a specific background tone. Leonardo Baez Is a shit$# move from burger king.... But genius one as well. JD NO ONE CAN ADVERTISE IN CHEEKY FASHION EXCEPT US! - Google. Francois Roy Believe it or not, those Google bad foks disabled the command in Assistant, but NOT in OG Google Now!! XD Mike Miller The case could be made that this is already illegal and Burger King broke the law. Technically, it is an intentional and unauthorized use of someone else's personal device. I mean, it would be a ridiculous case, but the case could be made. MisterAlex Nah. You consent to too much "okay, I'm letting this thing listen to the world" fine print for that to ever hold water. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Burger King burgers are terrible. saimin Who is more evil? Burger King or Pepsi or United Airlines or Sean Spicer? tim242 United Airlines, Google, Sean Spicer, Pepsi...in that order. Notice, I added one and subtracted one. Max Johnson Out of all of those, I would say the diabetes inducing brand. Marcelove I don't usually call people bad names, but this article has a level of stupidity that is impossible to avoid: Corbin, do you only sucks Google's dick or you allow him to put in your ass too? It is Google's responsability that the device is being triggered by the commercial... So stop being a pussy trying to blame Burger King instead your boss (Google's ads paying AP). Following your thoughts, if you install Philip's lights at home and let Google Home control it, and a commercial is launched on tv about the lights, showing how it works , where a actor says the commands, making the lights at your home be changed, it is the maker of the ad responsible for this situation, and not Google... Typical case of someone trying to "blame the others", instead of blaming the real responsible for something that you don't like because the real responsible has some relation with you... Sir_Brizz WTFH? Of course it would be the ad maker's fault in your example. The ad creator acted in bad faith. I personally know I could probably activate all kinds of smart home commands through a TV commercial including turning on/off sprinklers, locking/unlocking doors, turning on/off lights, fireplaces, opening garages, etc. I don't do that because it would damage my reputation and brand to act in bad faith in that way. That's also why this commercial is so stupid. What does it do other than damage Burger King's reputation and brand? There is probably a higher than average chance that people who own devices this would activate already know what a "Whopper burger" is so it doesn't increase brand awareness. Best case scenario, you mildly piss people off. Not a great best case. Honestly, why would you even start to blame Google for this? They could do the same thing with Alexa or anything else. Makes you wonder why they specifically targeted Google devices. james fuston Still happening on my Google Home Andy J That's odd - it's been blacklisted on Google's end - doesn't require any updates on your end. Glich Trusted voice is only a Partial fix. I have it on my phone yet Jeff Jarvis on this week in google sets off my phone at least once per show.. some times 4-5 times.. Ibrahim Yusuf It never triggers for me, not for any video on the internet. Not even my brother can activate the Assistent on my phone Jovic Corcega You have Trusted Voice turned on, that's why. Hogarth Ferguson It was pretty quick to be put down, but pretty clever while it lasted. I still wont buy a whopper, but tip my hat to them for the try. Deeco Burger King got Whoopered by Google lol Nick Nope. Still works. Andy J It was actually pretty cool when it worked. Much more interesting though is that it's been blocked using the ContentID system (like when you used to be able to say "listen to my tv" and within 5 seconds Google had returned results about the exact program I was watching, whether it was live, recorded 5 months ago or episode 1, series 1 of Buffy The Vampire Slayer via Netflix or even off my DVDs). The Verge reports that Google also blacklist their own adverts for the same reason - to prevent devices springing into life responding to the example commands in the advert. Now what is exciting / impressive - is the speed at which Google strips the background sound from the live stream of audio from your device, matches the fingerprint of the advert and then sends the command to the device to cancel the search. It's literally seconds. This bodes extremely well for their ability to identify which registered user is asking it a question before they have finished asking it - once multi user rolls out. Sukigu Where did you read it uses Content ID? If that's the case, it really does seem an incredibly powerful technology that I'm sure could have many other uses... Lev Bronshtein Sputtering goons and nerds are wound up too tight. Laugh, it's clown world. Andrexx Just another example why one should be able to customize the trigger phrase, and have the option to allow activation only by trained voices. fatlantis This was a brilliant idea for whoever their agency was. We're all just hating because we're still not over the creepy king mask. JG Considering all of the command processing is done at Google, they should be able to set up some kind of check for things like this in the future. If the same (well similar enough - each house will have different background noise) trigger is detected within a short time frame at multiple locations Google should automatically void out any active requests and blacklist the trigger. A few months back a news reporter in San Diego was doing a report on how a little girl ordered a $600+ dollhouse through the family's Amazon Echo and the parents didn't know until it showed up at the house a few days later. During the report, apparently several viewers had their Echo units triggered to order doll houses as well. Today it might just be news reporters or companies trying to get some free PR... But tomorrow it could, there could be more malicious intent. Maybe someone does a pirate radio broadcast over a popular morning talk show and says "Hey Google, call 1-900-XXX-Free"... Next thing you find out you have a 3hr call at $10/min on your phone bill... Sudev https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/957114a4de72bcc12221dad6c65a5a95cd776d09dfaa7eef26aac389531d82d4.png Someone saw it coming way before :p Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 130 1 Year Ago Today [Update: M5C14J For The Pixel C] Nexus Factory Images With April's Security Updates Are Now Available 2016/04/13 10:30am PDTApr 13, 2016 60 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google's Carrier Project Detailed In Leaked App - Pay-Per GB, Unused Data Refunds, In-App Service Activation, And More 2015/04/13 1:15pm PDTApr 13, 2015 34 3 Years Ago Today Pressy Plans To Ship Units To Kickstarter Backers In May, Design Changed To Add A Headphone Gripper 2014/04/13 5:24pm PDTApr 13, 2014 31 4 Years Ago Today Deal Alert: Unified Remote Just $0.99 In Celebration Of Second Anniversary (That's 70% Off) 2013/04/13 10:15pm PDTApr 13, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Pantech Element Rooted, Already has ClockworkMod Recovery 2012/04/13 4:29pm PDTApr 13, 2012 12 6 Years Ago Today NVIDIA Sets The Record Straight: "We Will Support All Tegra Devices As Long As Their Manufacturers Do" 2011/04/13 6:29pm PDTApr 13, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Motorola Releases Official Android Update Timeline 2010/04/13 9:09pm PDTApr 13, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 100 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 33 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.461s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Latest News Dow 20,592 -59.44 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,836 -30.61 -0.52% S&P 500 2,345 -8.85 -0.38% 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.3% lower at 5,087.57 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,333.89 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 381.19 2:41 A.M. ET Royal Mail sets date to stop pension plan payment 2:39 A.M. ET Rio Tinto coal sale gets green light in Australia 2:23 A.M. ET Updated When are European stock markets closed for Easter? 2:12 A.M. ET Fortescue iron-ore shipments fall for quarter 2:07 A.M. ET Infosys warns on revenue growth amid H-1B scrutiny 2:06 A.M. ET China exports rise 16.4%; trade surplus returns 4/12 China returns to trade surplus 4/12 Singapore GDP shrinks, central bank not worried 4/12 Nikkei slumps amid dollar selloff in Asia 4/12 Brazil slashes Selic rate by full percentage point 4/12 China's exports leap 14.8% in Q1 4/12 Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices 4/12 Pioneering New York judge’s body found in Hudson River 4/12 Berkshire appears likely to back Wells Fargo directors 4/12 Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? 4/12 Spring Cleaning for Your Finances 4/12 Uber anticipated lawsuit over ex-Google exec immediately, lawyers say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Automobiles The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Uber anticipated lawsuit over ex-Google exec immediately, lawyers say By Jack Nicas Published: Apr 12, 2017 8:21 p.m. ET Share Alphabet alleges Anthony Levandowski, Uber were in contact while he was still at Google AFP/Getty Images Anthony Levandowski speaks at the launch of Uber’s self-driving car in Pittsburgh in 2016. By JackNicas SAN FRANCISCO — Uber Technologies Inc. was considering buying the driverless-car startup of a former Google engineer two days after he resigned from the tech giant, and was already anticipating a lawsuit if it did, attorneys for Google parent Alphabet Inc. GOOG, +0.12% GOOGL, +0.19%   said in federal court here Wednesday. The new evidence appears to affirm allegations by Google’s driverless-car unit, Waymo, that Uber and its former engineer, Anthony Levandowski, were in contact around the time of his departure from Google — and that Uber was aware of certain risks associated with the startup, months before it bought it. Uber eventually acquired Levandowski’s startup, Ottomotto LLC, for $680 million in August 2016, nearly seven months later. In February, Waymo sued Uber, alleging Levandowski colluded with Uber to steal 14,000 confidential documents from Waymo — even before he left Google — to jump-start Uber’s self-driving car efforts. Uber denies the charges. Waymo attorneys said at a court hearing Wednesday that on Jan. 29, 2016, two days after Levandowski resigned from Google, Uber attorneys emailed one another about defending Levandowski and Uber from any potential lawsuit over Uber’s potential purchase of Levandowski’s startup, which was incorporated just two weeks earlier, public records show. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. This security attack costs companies over $3 billion in losses(1:49) Proofpoint CEO Gary Steele talks to MarketWatch about the cyber attacks that caused over $3 billion in losses in 2016 and how companies and individuals can protect themselves. Also popular on WSJ.com: What to do when you’re on an overbooked flight. Elon Musk has an awkward problem at Tesla: employee parking. More from MarketWatch This digital currency is about to succeed where bitcoin has failed The Financial Lesson in a $1 Hot Dog United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Quote References GOOG +0.97 +0.12% GOOGL +1.58 +0.19% Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap No one is noticing this big red flag for the stock market Why most renters don’t want to buy homes right now Tesla Model S sells faster as used car — and for more money — than peers do, study finds How self-driving cars will take over more than just the driving MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $824.32 +0.97 (+0.12%) Volume 883.4K Open $821.93 High $826.66 Low $821.02 P/E Ratio 29.57 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 572.3B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $841.46 +1.58 (+0.19%) Volume 1.1M Open $838.46 High $843.72 Low $837.59 P/E Ratio 30.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 572.3B
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 13, 3:01 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Launches Showcase For WebVR Experiences From Developers By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 04/12/17 AT 8:03 PM Close WebVR is a popular way for users to try out basic browser-based virtual reality apps and now, there’s an easier way to find demos. Google has launched WebVR Experiments, a showcase for WebVR-based demos from developers. In a blog post announcing the showcase page, Google said they wanted a place to highlight these demos to “make it easier for more people to experience VR, and inspire more developers to create new VR worlds on the web.” Read: Samsung's Galaxy S8 Doesn't Support Google Daydream VR Right now, all the demos on the Experiments showcase are free to use and developers can also access the code for each one via Github. The site currently hosts 12 demos that include VR ping-pong, basic games, 360-video applications and an interactive version of the song Under Neon Lights by the musical artists Chemical Brothers and St. Vincent. You can view these by simply pairing a smartphone using Chrome to a mobile VR headset like Google Daydream or Cardboard. Interested developers can also submit their own demos through Google’s submissions page. With its relatively low processing overhead, WebVR support has been increasingly commonplace for VR and web browsers. Google added compatibility for WebVR to Chrome earlier this year and experimental browsers on the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift also support the web standard. Read: Google Hires SoundStage Developer For Virtual Reality Team The move is also in line with Google’s current approach to VR tech. While Google has kept a relatively low profile with product launches like the Google Daydream, the company is still keeping a foot in the VR waters with regular staff hires and releases like Tilt Brush. Related Stories PSVR Game 'Eclipse' Now A Google Daydream Exclusive Google Announces 4 New Daydream VR Games Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business The History Behind The Cap On How Much Airlines Can Pay Passengers Who Get Bumped There's a limit on how much airlines can compensate passengers involuntarily removed from their seats, and the industry has played a role in the determination of that cap. Technology VR Version Of Google Earth Coming Soon? The tech giant has sent out invites saying "join us for the unveiling of the new Google Earth." World New 'Image' Reveals Dark Matter Bridge A team of astronomers has succeeded in taking a composite “image” that they say shows dark matter filaments connecting galaxies. National 2 Chicago Men Arrested For Supporting ISIS The men Joseph D. Jones and Edward Schimenti also pledged their alliance to the militant group, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office in Illinois. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe VR Samsung Gear VR (2017) vs. Google Daydream View Will Shanklin April 12, 2017 New Atlas compares the features and specs of the 2017 Gear VR (left) and Google Daydream View View gallery - 21 images Samsung has a new Gear VR with controller arriving alongside the Galaxy S8 later this month. While not much has changed besides the controller, let's look at the specs and features breakdown between the 2017 Gear VR and Google's Daydream View. Size Sick of Ads? More than 700 New Atlas Plus subscribers read our newsletter and website without ads. Join them for just US$19 a year.More Information The Gear VR is a much larger headset. When positioned in the orientations you see above, the Gear is 25-percent wider, 16-percent longer and about the same height. Weight Daydream View is also 36-percent lighter. Build Daydream View's most striking feature is its (mostly) fabric design, which Google perhaps borrowed from the partially-fabric Oculus Rift. Colors In one of the few changes for the new Gear VR, Samsung ditched the old blue-black look for a dark gray color. Google gives you three Daydream colors to choose from. Android phone compatibility The Gear VR is still limited to Samsung flagship phones, while Daydream is targeting wider Android support. Right now, though, the more-established Gear VR has the longer list of supported phones. Gear-ready handsets include the Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+, S7, S7 edge, Note 5, S6 Edge+, S6 and S6 edge. The only Daydream-ready phones to date are the Google Pixel and XL, Moto Z and Z Force, ZenFone AR and Axon 7. While you'd expect Google to have the compatibility advantage in the long run, the apparent lack of early Daydream enthusiasm among Android manufacturers (LG, OnePlus, HTC and Samsung all skipped Daydream certification for their latest flagships) makes Daydream's future look a little murky. iPhone compatibility Given Apple's closed standards, the iPhone probably won't see any official or substantial VR support until Apple makes its own headset (if it ever does). Field of view Google has never stated the field of view specs for Daydream View, but our experience with Google's headset points to a noticeably narrower FOV than you'll find on the Gear VR. Keep in mind that the Gear's FOV will be a little lower than 101° if you use a smaller Samsung flagship (Galaxy S7, S6 or S6 edge) rather than one of the phablets (S8, S8+, S7 edge, Note 5 or S6 edge+). Display resolution Resolution isn't cut and dry, since it will depend on which phone you're putting inside either headset. The standard Gear VR resolution is 1,440 x 1280 per eye, though the Galaxy S8 and S8+ would technically crank that up to 1,480 x 1,440 per eye if the headset's lenses can utilize the entire display area. (We'll update when we can confirm.) Most Daydream phones will give the headset a 1,440 x 1,280 per-eye presentation, though the smaller Google Pixel phone will offer a mere 960p per eye experience. Display type You'll only find AMOLED screens on Gear VR-ready and Daydream-ready smartphones. Positional tracking Mobile VR still lacks positional tracking, so when you lean or move your body, the virtual world moves with you (rather than you leaning or moving within the virtual world). This is still the biggest limitation of mobile VR compared to higher-end PC setups. Motion controller While they're both a far cry from the advanced motion controls you can use with PC-based VR headsets (Oculus Touch and HTC Vive controllers), each of the mobile headsets now includes a rudimentary remote wand in the box. Without positional tracking or the ability to pair two together, however, these single controllers work more like Wii remotes than anything that lets you simulate having hands inside VR worlds. Trackpad The Gear VR's new controller essentially replaces the trackpad that was on the right temple of all previous Gear VR models, but the 2017 model still gives you that option as a fallback. Gamepad support You can also use a classic gamepad with the Gear VR – and some of its best games require one. Daydream View experiences are limited to the bundled motion control. Wireless In just about every other respect, mobile VR falls far behind PC VR, but its one advantage (well, apart from cost) is that it's wireless. Focus adjustment Glasses wearers have the option of wearing the Gear VR without their specs on, as you can turn a wheel on top of the headset to adjust the focus to fit your vision. Glasses support You also have the option, though, of wearing glasses underneath either headset. Connection port Like the 2016 model, the new Gear VR has adapters that let you swap between the USB-C enabled Galaxy S8 and S8+, and the rest of the microUSB-enabled Galaxy phones that play nice with the headset. Daydream View doesn't have a physical port that connects phone and headset. Software The Gear VR-ready Galaxies run Android with Samsung's TouchWiz UI, while Oculus handles the Gear VR UI and storefront. Right now the Gear VR has a massive content lead, as VR developers have been making content for it since 2014. Daydream's VR library should grow over time, but right now it's still fairly sparse. Release The new Gear VR releases on April 21, alongside the Galaxy S8 and S8+. Price Google offers a much cheaper package, as you get Daydream headset and controller for US$79. The previous Gear VRs already cost more than that, at $99, but with the controller added to the new model, its price jumps up to $130. Just remember that the headset itself is useless without a compatible phone – which powers the experience with display, horsepower, sensors and software – which will add significantly to the total cost. For more, you can read New Atlas' hands-on with the new Gear VR, and our review of Daydream View. View gallery - 21 images Samsung Gear VR (2017) vs. Google Daydream View 1 / 21 Android phone compatibility Build Color options Motion controller Dimensions Display resolution Display type Focus adjustment Field of view Classic gamepad support Glasses support New Atlas compares the features and specs of the 2017 Gear VR (left) and Google Daydream View iPhone support Ports Positional tracking Price Release Software Trackpad Weight Wireless Tags #Daydream View #Product Comparison #Samsung Gear VR #Virtual Reality #VR Share this article Post a comment   Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Dodge Demon: An unhinged 840-hp dragster in civilian clothes How to get started with Clips, Apple's mobile video app Oculus Medium update adds reference images and more AeroMobil to launch a production flying car next week Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in VR Samsung Gear VR (2017) vs. Google Daydream View Oculus Medium update adds reference images and more Smile or scream in virtual reality with an expression-translating mask Batman Arkham VR comes to Oculus Rift and HTC Vive April 25 HTC's Viveport subscription service launches April 5 Mobile VR isn't pushing virtual reality forward – it's hindering it Hands-on with the updated Gear VR with controller 3D modeling comes to the HTC Vive Rock Band VR lands on the Oculus Rift Disney software allows users to catch real balls in VR Nintendo Switch offers an ideal blueprint for mass-consumer VR Oculus Rift can now take you to the International Space Station Editors Choice In pictures: Pretty, weird and pretty weird bikes from NAHBS 2017 Compare the latest tech gear Jaguar rebirths the E-type ... and it's the opposite of painful The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Interview: The bold plan to build the world’s first ship tunnel In pictures: One more look at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show for the road Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle In photos: Exotic sports car madness at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show What will the James Webb Space Telescope reveal about the newly discovered exoplanets? Flight of the Blackbird: The how, what and why of the incredible SR-71 Counting the days: Our five most anticipated upcoming buildings Simulation suggests 68 percent of the universe may not actually exist Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 6 Plus 1 on G+ 14 Share on Facebook 37 Share on Twitter Total Shares57 Applications News There was a surprising amount of anger directed at Google several days ago when the Assistant shopping list was moved from Keep to the Home app. Rather than being a general purpose list, it is now tied into Google Express. Now, the other shoe has dropped in the form of an update to the Express app. It brings shopping list improvements that jive with the new Assistant shopping list. Here's the changelog for the new update. Now you can invite your friends and family to add items to your Shopping Lists. Add items to shared lists from your phone, computer, and even Google Home. The app no longer runs Android versions older than Jelly Bean (released July 9, 2012). Spring cleaning bug fixes and a fresh new logo make it into this release as well. Sharing lists is an essential feature if you want people to actually use them for shopping, so the Express app now has native support for that. Items added to your list on a computer of via assistant will show up in the app instantly. Then, you can place your order and get the items in one business day (in most places). Although, that's kind of pointless if your preferred stores are not supported in Google Express. Google Express requires an annual membership or $95 or $10 per month. That's in addition to whatever it your chosen items cost. The new version is in the Play Store, as well as on APK Mirror. Download: Google Express (Play Store) Tags app updates apps assistant Google google express subscribe ... Previous Story Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago ... Next Story Google expands WebVR to Google Cardboard, adds 12 new WebVR demos to try out Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments mark555055d need cached / offline lists now as well, do it. Jason Pagliaro They could've at least migrated the existing shopping list from Keep over to this. Adding Wear support would've been smart as well. tenaku or, you know, just left the list in keep. create812 Not a fan of this app, and Google gets knocked down a couple points in my book for forcing the migration of assistant shopping list from Keep to this abomination. Pete Yes, baffling that people would be angry that a free, popular feature was removed with little notice and made part of a subscription service. Ronny Yeah. Putting a feature into a different app, that is not available for all users is totally thought through. Express is US only. Keep was not. Now I can access my list only through the home app, which then sends me to the webpage of Express. 👍 destinyhud if its not available to u then it opens up in a chrome custom tab. so i am not sure what ur problem is Kumnaa Chrome custom tabs aren't much use in a signaless supermarket :( Nicholas Conrad Express is us only? Not even. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/efd87369dea9a7505573611d0b0b04512b0d80862fdffcfec232c6a8892c3772.png notatoad Express is US only, but the shopping list feature seems to be fairly global - i can use it here in canada, albeit in a web page rather than a native app. not as good as Keep, but not as bad as being totally region-locked out of it like i was expecting. navjot Why not just keep the list in Keep but also allow access from Express? Like they do with Google Tasks (which is accessible through multiple services). Or even just add Google Express support to Keep? This all doesn't make sense for people that don't use Express. I use Express from time to time and I still find this incredibly stupid because I use my Google Assistant Shopping List in Google Keep for many things that I can't get from Express yet. DragoCubed Google express "support" in keep would've just solved it once and for all Timothy Angley Well, I guess I won't be using Assistant to make a shopping list. So disappointing that they would do this to people. Kevin Davis Gee, I'm shocked! Never saw this coming. 😉 Dbag move on the part of Google. Lateef Alabi-Oki Dick move from Google. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher No Google love for Android Wear users. David Hyman Seems to work fine for my needs. The keep features were nice to have but not necessary for me. I hope that this allows assistant better access to the contents of my list Martin Send your angry feedback to Google! It's not like they care, but at least you will feel a little better when sending good wishes to their mothers :-))) Chris Sanner Allow me to sort the damn list. Anthony Castanza Congratulations! The shit sandwich no longer contains toenail clippings. Still a shit sandwich though. Morenicano Man, people are murdering the rating for express in the play store lol Grey I still don't understand what the fuck Google Express is. Do they ship the items to your house? notatoad if i don't have a list in Keep called "shopping", i get kicked over to google express. If there's a list in Keep called "shopping", asking google assistant to "add cookies to my shopping list" adds an entry to the list called shopping in Google Keep. Not sure what the problem is here? Mr. Shmidle Middle Great, Google took out a feature I could use and implemented it in a way I and many other users can't access now. Whelp I'll just add Google Express to the rest of em like Google Books, Google Music, Google Movies, Google Newsstand, etc... Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 97 queries | 0.400s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
About Us How to Advertise Staff Archives Contact Us Webmail Menu Home News Business Opinions Women Technology Sports Education Lifestyle Society Entertainment Homes and Gardening Fashion Health OK Europe’s surprising tech success By: William Echikson Published: April 13, 2017 Opinions Print Email Facebook Tweet +1 0 comments More in Opinions EDITORIAL: Rwanda is a secular State for some reason Trump’s Tomahawks won’t help Freedom of speech should not be used as vehicle to insult BRUSSELS – Europe is often viewed as a digital laggard, running far behind the frontier-pushing United States and Asia. But appearances are deceiving. In fact, according to a new report by the London venture capital firm Atomico, European startups are now taking the lead in artificial intelligence, building new tech hubs, and drawing investment from traditional industrial stalwarts. Last year, a record-setting $13.6 billion was invested in Europe’s tech sector, compared with $2.8 billion in 2011. Gone are the days when Europe’s “tech” sector largely comprised consumer-oriented e-commerce businesses – often blatant knockoffs of successful US companies. Today, Europe is the home of real pioneering innovation, led by what Atomico calls “deep tech” – the kind of artificial intelligence developed by Google’s DeepMind. Deep tech accounted for $1.3 billion of European venture investments in 2015, delivered in 82 rounds, up from $289 million, delivered in 55 rounds, in 2011. Europe’s new tech hubs are emerging in unexpected places, far beyond the early hotspots of London, Berlin, and Stockholm. Atomico pinpoints Paris, Munich, Zurich, and Copenhagen as the cities to watch over the coming years. The French capital, Atomico points out, is already starting to challenge London and Berlin in terms of the number and volume of venture-capital-financed deals. Europe’s traditional industries are now awakening to tech. Two-thirds of Europe’s largest corporates by market capitalization have made a direct investment in a tech company. One-third of those companies have acquired a tech company since the beginning of 2015. Foreign firms are also rushing to take advantage of Europe’s tech talent. Google, Facebook, and Amazon have all announced major expansions of their European tech hubs. Transactions worth more than $88 billion took place last year – compared to just $3.3 billion in 2014 – including SoftBank’s purchase of the British semiconductor-design firm ARM and Qualcomm’s $47 billion purchase of NXP Semiconductors. Another study, by the Boston Consulting Group, points out that many small export-oriented European Union member countries – namely, the Benelux, Baltic, and Nordic countries – rank well above the US in so-called “e-intensity,” which covers IT infrastructure, Internet access, as well as businesses, consumer, and government engagement in Internet-related activities. These “digital frontrunners” generate about 8% of their GDP from the Internet, compared to 5% in Europe’s Big Five (Germany, France, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom). Digitization is expected to generate between 1.6 million and 2.3 million more jobs than it eliminates in these countries between 2015 and 2020. Of course, Europe’s tech sector still has its weaknesses, reflected in its failure so far to produce a tech giant to rival the behemoths of Silicon Valley. While European tech entrepreneurs find it as easy as their American counterparts to raise startup funds, US firms enjoy 14 times more later-stage capital. That funding gap would disappear, if European pension funds allocated just 0.6% more of their capital under management to venture investments. A related weakness is the lack of a true European single digital market. In the US or China, tech entrepreneurs gain immediate access to a massive market. In Europe, they still must navigate 28 different consumer markets and regulatory regimes. To be sure, the European Commission promised to create a single digital market two years ago, estimating that it could boost the EU economy by €415 billion ($448.5 billion) annually. But Hosuk Lee-Makiyama and Philippe Legrain of the Open Political Economy Network recently delivered a scathing assessment of the results. Europe’s “single digital market,” they argue, currently amounts “to a jumble of outdated, corporatist, counterproductive industrial policies that favor producers over consumers, big companies over small, traditional incumbents over digital startups, and EU firms over foreign ones.” Instead of liberalizing, the EU wants to regulate. For example, it is working to ban companies from refusing online sales (except for copyright reasons) or setting different prices on the basis of a customer’s home country. Other dangerous possibilities – such as an effort to regulate data ownership, access, and usability – lie on the horizon. Despite these risks, the overall trend in Europe’s tech sector is a positive one. A new appetite for risk seems to be sweeping the continent; Atomico reports that more than 85% of founders say it is “culturally acceptable” to start one’s own company. Add to that deep research talent – five of the top ten global computer science faculties are within the EU – and Europe’s start-up boom looks sustainable. Politically, too, there is reason for optimism. Europe’s digital frontrunners are beginning to organize into a potent force, with 16 small EU countries, from Denmark to Ireland and Estonia, having formed a pro-Internet group. Together, these countries have urged the EU to ban data-localization requirements. At a time when the US is pursuing protectionist, insular, and backward-looking policies, Europe is stepping up as an innovative and forward-looking economic force. Wouldn’t it be ironic if, as now seems likely, it is the supposedly backward EU that ended up leading the way in unlocking the Internet’s true economic potential? William Echikson is Associate Senior Fellow and Head of the Digital Forum at the Centre for European Policy Studies in Brussels. Copyright: Project Syndicate. Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Most Popular [PHOTOS]: Genocide memorials a key tool in fighting denial – PM Prices of tomatoes, peas increase in Kigali International community yet to draw lessons from Genocide against Tutsi – Ibuka Kwibuka23: City of Kigali donates cows to families of slain employees Meet Nyirampeta, Huye’s inspirational female taxi-moto rider Local insurer unveils micro insurance products for SMEs Southern Province farmers register gains a decade after privatisation of rice mill I got a miscarriage; will it affect my menstrual cycle? Letters 1994-2017: The world has a lot to learn from Rwanda Clarence Fernandes Is Northern Corridor initiative still on track? TOM Clerics who committed genocide should be excommunicated Ed Local start-ups need incubation Margaret Mbogoh » More Letters © Copyright The New Times Rwanda 2007 - 2017 Privacy Policy Disclaimer Powered by Imaginet
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Yesterday GOOG: 824.32 0.97 Google’s WebVR now compatible with Cardboard, new experiments website [Video] Justin Duino - Apr. 12th 2017 4:21 pm PT @jaduino Android Virtual reality Daydream Cardboard View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Back in June of 2016, it was revealed that Google was working on a way to make virtual reality accessible from every web browser, dubbed WebVR. Then, with the release of Chrome 56 Beta, Google started to allow developers to begin testing their WebVR projects on the web. Today, Google has published 12 WebVR experiments for users to test out not only with Daydream headsets but also those with Cardboard… In the past, Google has said that if virtual reality is to thrive, it must be accessible to everyone. To do this, content needs to be easily attainable and any required hardware must be cheap enough for the common person to purchase. This is why Google created Cardboard. This platform was not only cheap to produce and purchase, but it also works with the smartphones in our pockets. With WebVR, Google is building a platform for VR content to be available for all. Instead of requiring a separate app store and specialized hardware, all you need is a web browser. On the WebVR experiments website, Google is currently showcasing 12 different games and VR experiences for people to try out. Additionally, each listing has a link to the experiment’s source code so that other developers can see how everything works and then start building their own VR experiences. If you would like to check out these new experiments, head on over to the WebVR website on your phone and strap on your Daydream or Cardboard headset. If you don’t have either of those, don’t worry because all of these experiments still work in 2D either on your smartphone or on your desktop. Support for the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive is said to be coming soon. Justin Duino @jaduino I’m a writer for 9to5Google with a background in IT and Android development. Follow me on Twitter to read my ramblings about tech and email me at justin@jaduino.com. Tips are always welcome. Favorite Gear Jaybird Freedom Headphones Acessorz USB-C Dock Logitech MX Master Mouse Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Virtual reality View THe Guide Daydream View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Original 'Cocaine Cowboy' is arrested after 26 YEARS on the run: Last of three notorious powerboat-racing playboy drug smugglers who brought $2BILLION of coke into America is caught in Florida  America's first-ever female Muslim judge, 65, is found dead in New York's Hudson River after her new reverend husband reported her missing 'I have never felt this violated in my entire life': WWE Diva Lana claims 'inappropriate' TSA agents groped her at Boston airport Melania Trump - An Apology Trump says relations with Russia are 'at an all-time low' - and warns Putin: The U.S. is very, very strong Tillerson meets Putin - and leaves without even a snapshot to show for it: Kremlin snubs U.S. as relations freeze North Korea is preparing to detonate a new nuclear bomb to mark 'Day of the Sun' as Kim Jong-un warns of a 'big event' TODAY and President Trump's armada moves in Russia BLOCKS U.N. Security Council resolution requiring Syria to cooperate with investigation into gasattack 'They are primitive and loutish': Putin lashes out at the US before meeting Tillerson in Russia and warns that relations between the two nations have soured since Trump took office Number of Google searches for 'World War 3' hits its highest ever level following Trump's military escalation in Syria and North Korea  Sarin gas WAS used in Syrian massacre that horrified the world, British scientists confirm following tests on the victims EXCLUSIVE: Beaming Janet Jackson emerges with baby Eissa for the first time amid claims she craved 'more freedom' during failed marriage to billionaire 'No one will believe me': Chilling first words of Josef Fritzl's daughter after she was held prisoner for 24 years by her evil father who raped her 3,000 times are revealed Cash me ousside girl is arrested for 'smoking marijuana' on the same day she appears in court to face several battery charges 'A lot longer than I expected to last': Survivalist Eric Frein was surprised that he was able to evade cops for 48 days after he 'murdered a state trooper in an ambush,' his journal reveals Outrage at Oklahoma Congressman who told voters they don't pay his salary and accused them of talking 'bullcrap'  Thirteen-year-old boy accidentally shoots himself dead as his friends watch him playing with a gun on Instagram Live 'I'm a goner!': Incredible reconstruction reveals the final hours of the El Faro crew as the cargo ship sailed into a hurricane Mexican cartel member who 'shot and killed a US border agent with an American government-issued gun he obtained through Operation Fast and Furious' is arrested Muslim, Latino and black student groups at Harvard are forced to apologize for putting up fake deportation warnings in dorms to frighten students Father 'kidnaps his two young daughters, aged 8 and 11, and shoots them dead' before being killed in police shootout 'You can be anti-abortion and pro choice': Tomi Lahren breaks down and claims she's NOT a hypocrite after being fired by Glen Beck 'I did not even have breasts': Haitian girl forced to have sex with nearly 50 UN workers as part of child sex ring involving at least 134 peacekeepers  'Darling, you need to get laid': Carly Simon's then-husband claims she forced him to go to a Chinatown brothel even as he was coming to terms with his own homosexuality  Previous Next £1m-a-year Rachel, favours to Uber from No10 and the growing smell of scandal: GUY ADAMS investigates the links between Cameron's government and the taxi firm Uber hired Rachael Whetstone, 49, as PR chief for a reported £1million a year She was the wife of Cameron’s confidant and former policy guru Steve Hilton Couple would meet Dave and his wife Samantha for pizza, wine and pub lunches Number of factors are said to be at play in Whetstone's decision to quit yesterday By Guy Adams for the Daily Mail Published: 19:40 EDT, 12 April 2017 | Updated: 21:26 EDT, 12 April 2017 e-mail 136 shares 29 View comments Uber PR chief Rachel Whetstone, 49 When Uber hired Rachel Whetstone, less than two years ago, it wasn’t just getting a new PR chief.  Instead, for a sum rumoured to exceed £1 million a year, the Silicon Valley firm was obtaining the services of a woman with excellent political connections. For Whetstone was the wife of Cameron’s confidant and former policy guru Steve Hilton, as well as godmother of his late son Ivan.  She’d also been a key member of his inner circle since the early Nineties. Now 49, the charismatic political fixer first met the future PM while they worked together (alongside a young George Osborne) at Conservative HQ.  Later, she became political secretary to Michael Howard, the then Tory leader, regarded as Cameron’s early mentor. By the time the man she calls ‘Dave’ became PM, their families were virtually joined at the hip.  Indeed, Whetstone and Hilton often spent weekends at their £1.2 million Oxfordshire farmhouse, seven miles from the PM’s constituency home, where they’d meet Dave and his wife Samantha and go for pub lunches or load their two kids into a fashionably-battered Volvo, and pop round to have pizza and red wine with their powerful chums. The appearance given by this cosy relationship may have raised concerns considering the extraordinary — and unprecedented — level of access enjoyed by Whetstone’s then employer, Google. Senior executives of the trendy U.S. search engine met with Tory ministers on average once a month during Cameron’s first four years as PM, according to Freedom of Information disclosures. This included three encounters with Cameron himself and four with Osborne. Whetstone first met the future PM while they worked together (alongside a young George Osborne) at Conservative HQ So astonishing was Google’s hold on the PM’s affections that senior Tory peer Lord Younger (the minister in charge of intellectual property) once complained that the company’s ‘power’ was such that ‘they have access to higher levels than me in No 10’. Whetstone was the wife of Cameron’s confidant and former policy guru Steve Hilton (pictured) There was perhaps further cause for raised eyebrows when, despite public concern over Google’s business practices, Cameron and Osborne did next to nothing while in power to regulate the firm, to curb its vigorous tax-dodging, or to suggest laws that might leave it vulnerable to copyright lawsuits. Fast forward to May 2015, and Uber — which runs a smartphone app that allows users to hail a minicab at the touch of a button — found itself in need of a helping hand. The fast-growing Californian company was facing a number of moves to curb its growing domination of the British taxi market. It stood accused, among other things, of driving traditional cabbies out of business, and clogging London’s streets with extra cars, polluting the air and making the city centre more congested than at any time in its modern history.  Rape or assault claims were being made against its drivers at a rate of one every 11 days, while it also appeared to be flouting a number of rules governing the heavily-regulated taxi industry. Whetstone (left) also became political secretary to Michael Howard, the then Tory leader, regarded as Cameron’s early mentor In September 2015, Boris Johnson, then Mayor of London, was under pressure from the capital’s black cab drivers and he decided to launch a review of taxi regulations. Initially, he claimed he was considering several new policies to curb Uber’s aggressive business model. These included limiting the total number of minicabs in the city, requiring all drivers to pass an English language test (many Uber operators are foreign-born), and requiring taxis to wait at least five minutes between accepting a booking and picking up a customer, rendering the internet firm (which fulfils orders in an average of three minutes) significantly less attractive to clients. Uber was outraged, launching a public petition against what it called the ‘bureaucratic’ proposals. Whetstone: A number of factors are said to be at play in her decision to quit yesterday In an extraordinary, unprecedented and quite unethical secret lobbying campaign, revealed by the Mail last month, both Cameron and Osborne decided to personally contact Johnson, ordering him to drop any policy which might upset their friend’s internet firm. ‘There were conversations, mainly in text messages from Dave and George, making arguments about free markets and competition,’ mayoral officials later admitted to the Financial Times. Senior No 10 aide Daniel Korski was assigned to lead secret talks between the mayor, his staff and a range of ministers and Downing Street figures aimed at protecting Uber. He orchestrated meetings in October and November, according to emails obtained by the Mail under the Freedom of Information Act. He also had a number of ‘abrasive’ disputes with Isabel Dedring, Johnson’s deputy mayor in charge of transport (and a key Uber sceptic) who, say friends, was ‘quite taken aback by his aggression’. Quite why Downing Street thought this activity appropriate is anyone’s guess. Uber, after all, pays almost no UK tax, using creative accountants to funnel its earnings to Bermuda via a so-called ‘double Dutch’ structure, meaning it legally avoids paying its fair share for the roads its services rely on. It has only around 100 employees in Britain, while many of its tens of thousands of drivers (who are in theory independent contractors) earn so little they have to rely on tax credits, placing further burden on the Exchequer. And what’s more, since transport policy in London is devolved entirely to the mayor, the city’s private hire regulations are, in theory, nothing to do with No 10. In September 2015, Boris Johnson, then Mayor of London, was under pressure from the capital’s black cab drivers and he decided to launch a review of taxi regulations Nonetheless, in what could have given the appearance of a stark illustration of the so-called ‘chumocracy’ at the heart of Cameron’s administration, the lobbying campaign continued. It culminated in a December 16 showdown between Johnson, Business Secretary Sajid Javid and Korski, at which an official note, again released under Freedom of Information laws, records that ‘different views were exchanged’. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Uber¿s chief spin-doctor Rachel Whetstone quits as UK... Cameron's brother-in-law and the toxic leasehold scandal:... Share this article Share Then, on December 22, 2015, Cameron, Osborne and their wives attended Whetstone’s lavish Christmas party, at an exclusive Mayfair sushi restaurant called Sexy Fish. Also at the intimate soiree was Tim Allan, head of Portland, a lobbying firm retained by Uber. A few days later and — hey presto! — Boris Johnson caved in. Early in January last year, in what newspaper headlines described as a ‘major victory’ for Uber, he decided to drop almost all the proposals the Californian firm had disliked because, as he put it, ‘we can’t turn our back on technological progress’. Uber was, of course, delighted. Left, Business Secretary Sajid Javid and right, Senior No 10 aide Daniel Korski  However, traditional cabbies, who believe the loss-making firm is deliberately charging low fares in order to drive rivals out of business and establish a monopoly, were dismayed, holding a protest in Westminster days later. Then came a second extraordinary twist. Early last year, Christopher Morris, a Lib Dem aide working at the London Assembly, got wind of the secret lobbying campaign by Downing Street, and filed a Freedom of Information request with Downing Street asking to see copies of ‘all correspondence’ over the previous year between Korski and either Johnson’s office or Transport for London [TfL]. In response, Nicholas Howard, the PM’s assistant private secretary, sent him a letter saying: ‘We do not hold information in relation to your request.’ However, Morris had also asked TfL if it held any ‘correspondence’ from Korski. It gave a very different response, passing on a dossier of relevant messages, including three that the Downing Street aide had written to TfL staff in October 2015 and four that were sent to him from TfL email accounts at the same time. In other words, as the Daily Mail again revealed last month, Downing Street’s apparent claim that such emails didn’t exist turned out to be completely untrue. While No 10 has denied wrongdoing, the Information Commission is now looking into the potential cover-up, revealing yesterday that it has now contacted Downing Street and is seeking to establish whether officials broke the Freedom of Information Act. A growing number of MPs, including Lib Dem leader Tim Farron, are calling for a full parliamentary inquiry to establish the full extent of the lobbying campaign on behalf of Uber by Cameron and Osborne Meanwhile, a growing number of MPs, including Lib Dem leader Tim Farron, are calling for a full parliamentary inquiry to establish the full extent of the lobbying campaign on behalf of Uber by Cameron and Osborne — who, it should be noted, has now taken a £650,000-a-year part-time job with one of Uber’s major investors, the U.S. firm BlackRock. As for Whetstone, a number of factors are said to be at play in her decision to quit yesterday, including the PR disasters to have affected Uber in recent months and her relationship with the firm’s abrasive billionaire boss, Travis Kalanick, which is said to be fractious. Surely playing a prominent role, however, are the questions raised by her links to Cameron and Osborne in light of their lobbying campaign — leading to the allegation that they granted her special favours. For the Mail’s recent disclosures mean that she herself has ‘become the story’, as the old saying goes, thereby breaking the oldest rule in the public relations book. Uber, for its part, may feel that Whetstone’s departure can potentially limit future damage from what is now a serious and growing political scandal. Perhaps, more to the point, the Silicon Valley firm also feels that Rachel Whetstone has outlived her political usefulness. For now that Cameron is no longer PM, this rapacious internet giant no longer benefits from having the best mate of the country’s leader on its payroll. Share or comment on this article e-mail 136 shares Most watched News videos 'You have to drag me': David Dao just before United incident Man forcibly removed from plane because flight was overbooked Moment police officer overtakes cyclist on London road Doctor who was 'knocked out' on flight is bleeding from the face Knife wielding man is wrestled to the ground on London bus Tank restorers uncover £2million in gold inside Iraqi tank Shocking teens attack mum after stopping fight with her daughter Moment 12-year-old schoolgirl kicked to floor in gang attack Frantic driver runs after truck heading towards speeding traffic Second passenger's video of man being ripped off UA flight Brutal clashes at Britain's most dangerous junction EXCLUSIVE: Serial killer Steven Gordon reflects on murders North Korea prepares to test a new nuclear bomb to mark... Father, 27, is left fighting for his life after a giant... The laughing troops Kim Jong-Un thinks can take on... Cheating drink-drive husband, 23, crashed and died while... Self-righteous Hillary was 'so mad she couldn't think... Japan scrambles fighter jets to head off six Russian... 'I'm staying... you'll have to drag me': Passenger who... Incredible moment stunned military buffs discovered five... ‘We just can't win': Homeowners embroiled in parking wars... Poignant wedding photo shows bride at the grave of her... 'I'm an African, you never take my life!': Incredible... Devastated brother, 20, took revenge on four schoolgirls... 27 men and two women appear in court accused of child... KATIE HOPKINS: Apparently Ryan Giggs thinks he shouldn't... Tillerson meets Putin - and leaves without even a... America's first-ever female Muslim judge, 65, is found... Builder reveals how to break into your home with just a... 'He's ripped our family apart': Siblings of cheating... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 18 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Booty-ful and promising! Kim Kardashian wows in skintight gold dress at The Promise premiere  Looked gorgeous at the star-studded screening The morning after! Selena Gomez and The Weeknd go their separate ways after spending the night together at her LA home  They look inseperable  Magic Johnson's daughter Elisa flaunts her sexy bikini bod in skimpy swimsuit as she packs on the PDA with her beau Anthony in Miami Beach EXCLUSIVE: Beaming Janet Jackson emerges with baby Eissa for the first time amid claims she 'felt hidden' and craved 'more freedom' during failed marriage Taking the plunge! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts cleavage in VERY low cut black pantsuit at premiere of The Promise Star turned heads  It's not just beaches! From canyons to nature reserves, why Los Angeles has the best outdoor spaces  SPONSORED Three generations! Caitlyn Jenner enjoys family day out with son Brandon and granddaughter Eva Slipped into a stylish blouse for playtime  Date night! Jennifer Aniston dons cleavage-baring maxi dress as she enjoys dinner in Paris with husband Justin Theroux Romantic evening  Effortless beauty! Olivia Culpo is the classic girl-next-door while dressed in a simple T-shirt and jeans for day out in LA Any outfit looks fantastic His leading lady! Jolly Christian Bale shows off elegant wife Sibi as they wear black to The Promise premiere He is the movie's leading man Pregnant Whitney Port runs errands in sporty attire of yoga pants and lightweight jacket Reality star carried a drink in one hand and a bag in the other  Lisa Rinna, 53, and her model daughter Delilah Belle, 18, look more like sisters in bikini snap The handsome family are enjoying a vacation in Mexico  EXCLUSIVE: 'She's got that southern charm': Dorinda Medley opens up about her relationship with new RHONY cast member Tinsley Mortimer  Watch out there's a new Housewife in town! Socialite Tinsley Mortimer makes debut appearance on RHONY...but still misses Palm Beach Let me fix you! David Burtka adjusts husband Neil Patrick Harris' tie as the duo appear on the red carpet for Broadway play In And Of Itself Stylish appearance  Gigi Hadid shows off her enviable model figure in bedazzled grey crop top and matching trousers as she steps out in a sunny New York City Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc keep it casual as they rock jeans while helping their kids Charlotte and Aidan into a car for a family dinner out Host with the most! Westworld star Angela Sarafyan shows off her fabulous figure in sheer lace dress at The Promise premiere Jaw-dropping figure  Eddie Murphy's older brother Charlie dies at 57 after battle with leukemia Also a comic, he'd been having chemotherapy treatments in NYC  Carly Simon's ex-husband claims she forced him to go to a Chinatown brothel even as he was coming to terms with his own homosexuality   WWE diva Lana claims 'inappropriate' TSA agents harassed her at Boston's Logan Airport and hints that the POLICE are now involved Said she was 'violated' Date night! Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis are casually stylish as they pack on the PDA at off Broadway opening Pair looked loved up in the Big Apple James Corden's wife Julia Carey puts on a leggy display while hand-in-hand with her beau... as he confirms he is bringing The Late Late Show to the UK Olivia Culpo looks radiant in colorful floral blouse at Alice + Olivia event alongside attendees including Frieda Pinto and Leona Lewis Don't mess with the First Daughter! Tiffany Trump goes shopping in New York City flanked by Secret Service agents - and followed by THREE protective cars 'Don't bother zooming in': Nicki Minaj teases fans as she 'blurs' her sheer top in Instagram post Singer showed off her epic extensions  Real Housewives of Pennsylvania Avenue! Kim Richards reveals she once dated Donald Trump... but refuses to say if they slept together Doesn't kiss and tell  Lorde opens up about the inspiration behind her upcoming album Melodrama following rumours she'd split from long-term boyfriend James Lowe 'What's a Ponzi scheme?' Robert De Niro is Bernie Madoff in powerful Wizard Of Lies trailer... with Michelle Pfeiffer as his unwitting wife Ruth Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in leggings for lunch with gal pal Rosanna Arquette Had a bite to eat with her partner in crime  Tyga heads out in pricey Mercedes just hours after being detained by cops... as his music company skips paying $250k in lawsuit Always chic! Michelle Williams arrives in Los Angeles from Paris wearing striped coat and pink ballet shoes Returned from a star-studded bash Selfie-obsessed! Nicki Minaj cannot get her face out of her phone in new video for Major Lazer's Run Up She won't stop sharing snaps for anything  Belieber meltdown! Justin Bieber teases his fans by posting snaps from inside the studio recording new music He got his faithful supporters very excited  It must run in the family! Eva Mendes compliments niece Dani's 'killer bone structure' as she re-posts make-up tutorial 'I'm not ashamed': Survivor's Zeke Smith reveals he is transgender and explains why he kept it a secret from fellow competitors  Lisa Kudrow joins Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin to guest star on new season of Netflix series Grace and Frankie Ex-Friends star will play a manicurist  That's her beach baby! Kendra Wilkinson flashes physique in bathing suit as she cozies up to husband Hank Baskett during Hawaiian getaway Something short and sweet! Madison Beer shows off her perfect pins in tiny red hotpants as she steps out in LA Bared some skin in the California sun  Charlie Chaplin's granddaughter Kiera looks casual but chic at star-studded Norman screening The comic's relative stole the show  'What makes you YOU is that you are imperfectly perfect!': Iskra Lawrence shares sizzling poolside snap with inspiring message to her fans Catch of the day! Heidi Klum drops her bikini top to go fishing on luxury trip The 43-year-old AGT judge took boat on the Caribbean Sea Daddy-daughter time! Ashton Kutcher holds two-year-old daughter Wyatt's lunchbox as duo take sunny stroll together He's hands on father 'Hiking makes us thirsty!' Pink beams as she takes selfie while breastfeeding son Jameson Made sure she kept the youngster hydrated Sara Sampaio wows in a black romper with plunging neckline as she dines at celeb hot spot Spago in Beverly Hills Supermodel stood out from the crowd Oprah Winfrey believes her talk show was her 'greatest therapy' and says she's never seen a shrink Doesn't need professional counselling Cheeky! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, flashes the flesh in ripped shorts and flame themed crop top during spring break in Miami Still enjoying her trip Coachella makeover! Newly brunette Lady Gaga goes to cosmetic clinic three days before highly-anticipated headline gig Spotted in Beverly Hills  Script for a jester's tear! Comic Tig Notaro says she is 'extremely disappointed' in mentor Louis CK over 'plagiarised' SNL clown skit 'I've never had a bad break-up': Captain America star Chris Evans says he's still pals with his exes following recent split from Jenny Slate Miss Popular: Poll show Ivanka Trump has the highest approval ratings of any other White House staffer - but 36 per cent of voters still disapprove of her Fashionable flyers! Paris Hilton rocks leather leggings and matching beret as she and beau Chris Zylka return to LA after NYC visit 'The four of us are really in sync': Fifth Harmony's remaining members insist communication is better than ever after Camila Cabello's departure 'It's gonna be great!' Jimmy Fallon and Harry Styles hilariously try to outdo each other in promo for FIRST live coast-to-coast SNL Dynamic duo 'Heath in pigtails!' Ledger's family says daughter Matilda is a constant reminder of her late father as friends share tales of his life and sad final days Here comes trouble! Kelly Ripa lets her jacket do the talking as she heads to the gym in New York The star was perhaps in a mischievous mood   'It becomes like a feeding frenzy': Real Housewives Of New York Ramona Singer, 60, reveals why she stays off social media Some wise advice  Revealing Rita! Ora flaunts her ample cleavage and black lace bra beneath sheer tank as she shops in Beverly Hills Taking the plunge  'We don't schedule - yet!': Jenna Dewan talks sex with husband Channing Tatum and reveals plans for baby number two Spilling the beans Olivia Munn's ex Aaron Rodgers had been making 'drastic changes' including working out with Nick Jonas instead of team amid split Is that you Elle Woods? Reese Witherspoon channels Legally Blonde character as she steps out in hot pink blouse with matching heels Are we set for a sequel? Sylvester Stallone sues WB for 'fraud' and 'obviously intentional dishonesty' over its accounting for his 1993 film Demolition Man Legal battle  Hairy armpits don't make you feminist! AMANDA PLATELL questions the authenticity of Lourdes'  'shave slave' rebellion Certainly gets attention  Demi Lovato flashes the flesh in eccentric feathered frock with mesh paneling for music video shoot The 24-year-old looked strong and sexy 'High fats and no carbs': Vanessa Hudgens reveals her secret for losing 10lbs as she shapes up her sexy body Changed her diet 'It can be really scary': Stranger Things star Shannon Purser reveals distress she experienced coming to terms with her sexuality Hit Netflix show Second round pick! Vin Diesel was not the first choice to star in The Fast And The Furious... studio bosses wanted Justified's Timothy Olyphant 'This is why I'm still single': Charlize Theron details 'awkward' interactions with dating app suitors... as gal pal Chelsea Handler tried to set her up Brand it like Beckham: Victoria turns her daughter Harper into a trademark at just FIVE years old Mrs Beckham has also signed up her other kids Double duty! Josh Brolin cast as Cable in Deadpool 2... which will be his second Marvel franchise role The 49-year-old actor will star in the sequel  'This feels like an Emmy-winning episode': Julia Louis-Dreyfus shares video styled like Veep's credits trolling Sean Spicer for his Holocaust blunder Shabby chic! Kate Hudson enjoys relaxed day in ripped denim overalls with bib undone along with disposable flip-flops after mani-pedi at LA nail salon 'I was an emotional mess': Plus-size model Tess Holliday shares throwback snap breastfeeding, as she details 'dark' struggle 'to find way as new mom' Joe Scarborough talks about his 'crackling off-air chemistry' with Morning Joe co-host Mika Brzezinski MSNBC host  hinted at a possible romance  Gordon Ramsay's daughter Tilly once sat next to Jennifer Lopez on the plane... despite chef's claims he would NEVER let his children fly first class Bella Thorne reveals she'd love to date Kristen Stewart but finds flirting with women 'confusing'... as she channels Marilyn Monroe in sexy shoot EXCLUSIVE: Not just a vacation fling! Scott Eastwood steps out in New York City with the same brunette he flirted with on an Australian beach Flying high! Chrissy Teigen smiles away as she jets out of LA after revealing she is no longer suffering from postpartum depression Year since Luna's birth Bathing beauty Gigi Hadid wears striped swimsuit on the cover of Vogue Netherlands (and reveals she ate pancakes on the set) Tasty treat for model Don Draper would approve! Jon Hamm buys stylish new bachelor pad for $3.4million Renovated house in a gated area of Los Feliz.  Prince Charles' secret tension with newlyweds William and Kate: How the royal was 'irked' by the couple's 'tasteless' photo opportunities on their 2011 Canada tour Stephen Belafonte reports ex-girlfriend to LAPD after she attempts to cash in on Mel B's domestic abuse claims by threatening to claim he abused her too Match made in heaven: Jennifer Aniston goes for casual chic in camel coat as she coordinates with Justin Theroux on romantic Paris break Pair looking good Paramedics called after Matt Damon's daughter Stella, six, is stung by jellyfish during family vacation in Australia with Chris Hemsworth's clan 'I've NEVER had a boyfriend': Olympic gymnast Simone Biles, 20, reveals she has only ever been on 'ONE proper date' - but admits it could turn to romance Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman opens up about the importance of using a reliable tampon while competing, so she never has to worry about her period  Social media users PAN Louis Vuitton's new collaboration with Jeff Koons, branding the pricey fine art-themed handbags 'atrocious', 'terrible' and 'ugly' Victoria's Secret Angels frolic on beach while showing off their enviable physiques in lacy bras for sun-soaked festival-themed commercial 'I knew my assailant': Abigail Breslin breaks silence about her own sexual assault during awareness month Opened up about her own experience  How YOU can get Halle Berry's envious body: Actress's personal trainer Nat Bardonnet reveals how she maintains flawless physique at 50 years old  'It only took us one month to get pregnant': Heidi Montag reveals she and husband Spencer Pratt are expecting their first baby after 10 years Nothing but her Calvins! Hailey Baldwin goes TOPLESS as she models designer underwear for ELLE The 20-year-old stripped down for shoot The incredibly simple way to get bouncy, Duchess of Cambridge-style hair in SEVEN minutes (and you can do it before work)  Look like Kate! 'I'm proud that I'm normal': Rita Ora on reveals why she loves her thighs and womanly curves as she flaunts her athletic figure in new shoot It's Dumble-Law! Jude set to play a young Albus in Fanatastic Beasts And Where To Find Them sequel Role previously played by Michael Gambon  Shia LaBeouf moves to remote cabin in Finland to live alone for a month for art project... just a week after meltdown over French fries Getting off the grid 'I'm open to one more': Tori Spelling talks having a SIXTH child as the 43-year0old mom reveals baby Beau has made marriage to Dean 'feel like new' Sheer model madness: Gigi Hadid flashes her bra in a see-through top for gym run in New York City The 21-year-old model was working up a sweat 'I couldn't ask for a better person to be the mother of my children': Dakota Meyer shares photo of pregnant wife Bristol Palin at her final ultrasound before birth Karlie Kloss displays her supermodel shape in a plunging black swimsuit as she goes behind the lens to photograph new clothing collection Jodie Sweetin's security claim her 'ex-fiance Justin Hodak drove past her LA house TWICE violating the restraining order against him' 'We feel lucky': Savannah Guthrie insists she's excited at the prospect of  working work with Megyn Kelly and claims reports otherwise are fake news Will Megyn Kelly's first NBC interview be with Putin? Network chairman flies to Moscow to try to land coveted one-on-one with the Russian president  'I have the most feminine a**!' Michelle Rodriguez reveals the challenges of playing a MAN in controversial 'transgender thriller' The Assignment That's the Way Love Goes: Janet Jackson moves out of London townhouse she shared with estranged husband Wissam Al Mana as  marriage comes to end  A Wonder Woman indeed! Gorgeous Gal Gadot looks every inch the leading lady as she shows off some serious skin on the cover of W Magazine Rebel without a cause! Elle Fanning makes explicit fashion statement as she films I Think We're Alone Now She was on set in Westchester County, NY Mel B looks frustrated as she 'fails to get into a storage unit in LA'... after claiming that ex- nanny is extorting her over sex tapes kept in a storage unit 'I'm ready to date someone new': Singer Nelly Furtado reveals she has secretly SPLIT from husband Demacio Castellon and says she is looking for love Girls Just Want to Have Fun! Cyndi Lauper thrills fans in Australia as she performs with Blondie's Debbie Harry who makes a VERY bold statement on her T-shirt Newly-single Kylie Jenner rocks purple thigh-high boots for Shape X Stassie launch... after giving sister Kendall a shout-out Paris Jackson displays her nipple piercings in LA... amid 'fears' for her younger brother Blanket as he 'continues to live alone on family estate' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Jamie Dornan's wife Amelia Warner opts for folksy chic as they enjoy blissful day in the sun with daughters Dulcie and Phoebe Zip sync battle! Voluptuous Chrissy Teigen tries in vain to squeeze her stunning body into tight zip-up outfit Epic failure!  Kylie Jenner's ex Tyga 'is detained by cops after being pulled over by LAPD for having no plates on his $112,000 Mercedes' after night out in Hollywood Any second now! VERY pregnant Ciara rocks figure-hugging dress as she joins friend for lunch at Bel Air Hotel Reportedly due in early April - and she looks it Back to work! Bella Thorne exudes glamour in sexy red gown for new Freeform series Famous in Love The 19-year-old looked sophisticated Barry Manilow is seen for the first time since revealing secret marriage to manager Garry Kief Pair have been together for 39 years Hailey Baldwin flashes her enviably taut stomach in saucy nude semi-sheer bodysuit and matching crop top as she emerges in New York Peep show! Ashley Graham poses in her underwear in revealing selfie as she models crop top The model flaunted her body in skimpy panties  He's Schreded! Shirtless Liev Schreiber shows off his muscular frame while vacationing with his children in Maui The doting father does not have a dad bod  Precious cargo! Natalie Portman cradles baby daughter Amalia as she takes a gentle hike in LA The tot is her second child with husband Benjamin Millepied  'If I get hurt or beat in any way it's just fake': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson pokes fun at stunt work in The Fate Of The Furious   Revealing chat Family fun day: Rocker Rod Stewart and his wife Penny Lancaster hit the stores in Hollywood with sweet sons Alastair and Aiden He's 71, she's 46 David Letterman's mother Dorothy Mengering dies at the age of 95, just a day away from the funnyman's 70th birthday No More Drama! Mary J. Blige, 46, shows off age-defying physique in tight red jumpsuit as the legendary singer  performs in Melbourne, Australia Mila Kunis steps out in fitted jeans and slouchy top... after husband Ashton Kutcher thanked her for teaching him 'lessons in character' Casual look  Brooklyn Nine Nine extra sues the makers for $500,000 after the food truck 'refused to serve him because he was the only Asian on set'  Getting into the groove! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, puffs on a roll up cigarette while spending spring break in Miami with friends Enjoying her downtime Janet Jackson 'changed the locks to her New York home weeks before she split from husband Wissam Al Mana'... as he is seen visiting London property Pretty Little Liars star Ashley Benson goes casual chic as she's spotted out and about with a handsome mystery man for the second time Peace and love! Vanessa Hudgens nails boho chic in tiny crop top and seventies inspired denim jeans as she steps out in West Hollywood Frock star! Jennifer Garner vamps up her look with sexy little black dress and heels on solo outing Swapped her casual attire for a flirty number  'Getting Jaden ready!' Will Smith chops off son's dreadlocks on the Toronto set of their film Life in a Year The teenager didn't look happy She's an ace! Maria Sharapova is stylish in tie dye Capris and gray Pashmina shawl in Los Angeles The tennis pro is gearing up for her return  'A powerful moment': Lisa Rinna reveals bonding over tragedy with Lisa Vanderpump on RHOBH reunion Over a mutual friend's death Guitarist John Geils Jr. of The J. Geils band is found dead in his Massachusetts home at age 71 Had massive 1981 hit with Centerfold The over-50 bikini braggers: They love flaunting their age-defying bodies and turning us mere mortals green with envy. But what does it really take? 'It's not true, any of it': Sugar Bear denies Mama June's abuse allegations claiming she's 'just p***ed over his new marriage 'I never hurt anyone' Mystery man! Drew Barrymore steps out with male companion for casual lunch and fun stroll in New York City The actress, 42, was spotted in the Big Apple Stunning Jennifer Connelly beams while turning heads in panel dress and feathered cape as she struts into star-studded Louis Vuitton bash in Paris Jackie Kennedy Onassis, 62, wanted a date with Alec Baldwin when he was 33 - and she got it - her close friend James Hart reveals in his memoir Snooze and the city! Make-up free Sarah Jessica Parker wears pajamas and her hair in rollers as she gets to work on set of Divorce in New York City Get to the chopped salad! Terminator Arnold Schwarzenegger takes a military Hummer to meet his daughters for lunch in Venice Beach, California 'Doing what's best for our child': Naya Rivera says she and ex-Ryan Dorsey excel at co-parenting... after pool PDA with David Spade They still work together   Robin Thicke goes in for some daddy day care as he treats son Julian to trip out as he closes in on custodial agreement with Paula Patton When you got it! Olivia Culpo goes braless in plunging top as she steps out in ripped jeans Showed off her stunning figure as she stepped out for a stroll in LA  PICTURED: Cops interrogate man with drone after he's spotted lurking around outside Kendall Jenner's Hollywood home Security alert for star Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer puts on a leggy display in a tight denim dress as she cozies up to boyfriend Jack Gilinsky at fashion bash You ain't nothing but a hound dog: Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale rocks frayed cropped jeans as he picks up some treats for her dog Elvis' 'wild' birthday 'I suck!' Vin Diesel does interview Down Under and bursts out laughing as he attempts an Australian accent  Not a g'day for the Fast and Furious star  Lean girls! Amanda Seyfried steps out with husband Thomas Sadoski for first time without her bump after welcoming daughter Happy new mom 'Was he hacked?' Harry Styles leaves fans confused as he tweets snapshots of 1D bandmate Louis Tomlinson before promptly deleting them Little Mix's Jesy Nelson squeezes her chest into an ab-flashing skimpy sports bra as she prepares to take the stage with bandmates in New Orleans Joe Jonas shows off karate moves with Sophie Turner after Nicki Minaj jokes that she 'roughed him up' a bit Date in West Hollywood for singer Kelsey Grammer, 62, and his fourth wife Kayte take their baby boy Auden to lunch in Beverly Hills She gave birth just four months ago  Ellie Goulding puts on a very leggy display in tiny shorts and smock top before changing into killer heels to perform intimate gig in New York City  Quality time in the sky! Reese Witherspoon brings her daughter Ava on a magical sunset helicopter trip along the California coast Treated the teen 'The guest list is spectacular': Stevie Wonder, 67, set to wed third wife Tomeeka Bracy, 42, in star-studded beachside ceremony in Jamaica Braless Little Mix star Perrie Edwards flashes some serious sideboob in low-back body as she gyrates against a backing dancer for very sexy dance routine A spec-tacular sight! Jessica Alba dons oversized glasses as she drags suitcase through airport in LA Donned a pair of oversized spectacles  Simply irresistible! Christina Milian rocks tiniest of denim skirts with distressed jean jacket and mesh top at LA party Flashed her white bra  Hollywood wives club! Luciana Barroso and Elsa Pataky touch down in Brisbane ahead of reunion with husbands Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth Police raid storage locker in search for Mel B's 'sex tape' as former Spice Girl obtains a restraining order against nanny who she claims is extorting her  PICTURED: New mom Irina Shayk steps out for ice cream two weeks after welcoming daughter Lea de Seine with Bradley Cooper Model looked stylish Cat who got the cream? Sienna Miller radiates happiness at movie screening... a week after Brad Pitt 'flirting' rumors Actress looked radiant 'I definitely want to be a mother': Khloé Kardashian reveals hopes for marriage and babies with  Tristan Thompson... but doesn't want to 'pressure' him  Jennifer Lawrence 'heartbroken' over suicide of old friend and MTV reality star Clay Adler who 'brings her back to her humble beginnings' EXCLUSIVE - New mom Janet Jackson spotted for first time since splitting from husband Wissam Al Mana while shopping for fake plants and furniture  '2 slow 2 grumpy': Going In Style movie posters poke fun at Fast & Furious franchise They are set to go head to head at the box office this weekend Kids at heart! The Kardashians get sucked into the rides at a carnival in Cleveland as Khloe talks marriage and kids with boyfriend Tristan Thompson 'I felt like I was becoming hateful': Singer Sheryl Crow argues for empathy on her new album after 'losing faith in our country' Jennifer Aniston stuns in a plunging leather bustier as she cozies up to husband Justin Theroux at star-studded Louis Vuitton in Paris Bash held at Louvre She's a real beach babe! Britney Spears sizzles in tiny white bikini as she splashes around the surf in Hawaii In Kaui with her mom Mystery in Ivanka's eyes! First daughter is accused of using colored contacts after images reveal her eyes keep changing color, from brown to green 'She's struggling': Billie Lourd's uncle reveals she is 'acting like everything is fine on Instagram' since mother Carrie Fisher's death Is putting on a brave face I'm gonna get you sucka! Mr T offers to shave Mohawk off in return for 'getting the guy' who said he was 'booted' from Dancing With The Stars on GMA Meghan Markle spotted strolling to yoga appearing relaxed after it's revealed the actress's half-sister plans to write a tell-all book about her Yankee fans blast Martha Stewart for 'jinxing' pitcher's near-perfect game after she tweeted about it just three minutes before the streak was broken Cops called to Kendall Jenner's Hollywood home again... after security becomes suspicious of man with drone Troubling news  Summer lovin': Malia Obama heads to work on the hottest day of the year in New York City in a denim shirtdress paired with well-worn Chuck Taylors From a $12,000, century-old shack to a palatial family ranch: Fixer Upper's Joanna and Chip  show how they turned a crumbling cabin into a dream home He didn't die! Former Blue's Clues host Steve Burns confirms he IS alive despite years of rumors and explains why he vanished from screens 15 years ago Orlando Bloom discusses THAT naked paddle boarding moment as he insists he and ex-girlfriend Katy Perry are still 'friends' following their split Bunny fun! Megan Fox enjoys Easter egg hunt with husband Brian Austin Green and three sons A family day out with her little children  'It's a lot of work': Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin share ELLE covers with four other models as they reflect on fashion industry Sharing the spotlight  'I haven't had any complaints!' Dennis Quaid reveals he has had a threesome, discusses his manhood and admits to calling ex-wife Meg Ryan  Robert Kardashian knew OJ Simpson was guilty claims Caitlyn Jenner but joined defense team to get at Kris (whose best friend was Nicole Brown) Pamela Anderson puts on a VERY busty display as she flashes her black lace bra under floral wrap dress for sunset walk with photographer pal David LaChapelle  Lovely in leather! Make-up free Ashley Graham ditches the glamour for sleek biker jacket and comfy sweatpants Wearing all black  Taking things up a gear! Cara Delevingne flaunts her trim figure in hotpants and a crop top as she poses astride a motorbike in new Puma campaign Working it out! Diane Kruger shows off toned physique after grueling workout...as she steps out solo without new beau Norman Reedus Back from the gym 'Ziggy was a faithful and loving dog': Princess Mary's beloved Border Collie she received as a wedding gift dies after 12 years  with the Danish royals 'A new great love': Grey's Anatomy star Camilla Luddington and Matthew Alan welcome baby daughter Hayden Shared an adorable snap on Instagram  Baby on the way! Laguna Beach alum Talan Torriero announces he's expecting first child with wife Danielle Exciting news Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows off her incredibly ripped abs and buxom cleavage in sexy sports bra as she poses for behind-the-scenes tour snap Birthday girl Stephanie Pratt rings in her special day with adorable puppy Max... as she claims looking after her dog is like 'having a child' Reality star is besotted  Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves makes statement in snake-print blazer as he enjoys dinner in London... after heading to Harley Street to get more botox  Hot stuff! Jessica Origliasso and Ruby Rose share a romantic moment in lingerie while filming video for On Your Side... as their snap is hilariously photobombed  General Hospital star Peter Hansen passes away at age 95 The actor played lawyer Lee Baldwin on General Hospital since 1965 through to 2001 Kelly Rowland flashes her legs in floral frock as she promotes new book in NYC after getting VERY candid about her post-pregnancy body Looked stunning  Moving in with Taylor Lautner? Billie Lourd selling $2.3million Santa Monica home one year after buying it Has two bedrooms and three bathrooms  Nikki Bella says she  hopes WWE star fiancé John Cena will change mind about not wanting kids, but says she has decided to be 'OK' with not becoming a mom Gwyneth Paltrow raves about the health benefits of a CHLOROPHYLL shot on her lifestyle website Goop... but health experts label it a 'totally unnecessary fad' My how you've changed! Delta Goodrem looks unrecognisable in adorable childhood flashback photo with younger brother Trent Sibling love  Revealed: Connie Britton was network's top choice to play Kerry Washington's Olivia Pope before Scandal creator insisted on black actress Charlize Theron uses her 4in spiked heel in epic car fight scene in new Atomic Blonde trailer She plays MI6 Agent Lorraine Broughton 'I would be godfather if asked!' Simon Cowell says pal Cheryl is 'ecstatic' at becoming a mum. as he speaks out on having more children with  Lauren Silverman  'He's got five girlfriends so he's doing okay!' Simon Cowell reveals Eric, 3, has 'his charm with the ladies'... as he discusses having more children  Gigi Hadid plays the modern pin-up girl with big hair and busty Tommy Hilfiger shirt after posing for the brand's new denim line campaign 'I felt like a failure': Olympic ice skater Nancy Kerrigan breaks down over suffering six 'devastating' miscarriages in eight years Cate Blanchett shows off her style credentials in structured sleeveless jacket at Louis Vuitton event in Paris She often shows off her fashion credentials  Orange really is the new black! As Gigi Hadid and Selena Gomez step out in spring's hottest color, shop FEMAIL's edit of chic fashions in the bold hue Leggy beauty Miranda Kerr looks impossibly chic in a prim lace dress and smart leather coat at Louis Vuitton bash in Paris Dressing to impress  Michelle Williams cuts an elegant yet edgy figure in an unusual lacy dress for Louis Vuitton launch in Paris The actress, 36, stepped out in Paris  PICTURED: Tori Spelling spotted out and about in LA for the first time since delivering her FIFTH child Beau The 43-year-old's son Beau was born March 2 Vin Diesel teams up with Michelle Rodriguez to promote The Fate of the Furious in New York as his secret tribute to Paul Walker in the film is revealed 'Perfect shades of pink!' Makeup-free Modern Family star Sofia Vergara shows colorful cheeks after running a '102 fever' from filming in the rain in Rome From the Fast and the Furious to R&R: Jordana Brewster wears navy polka dot bikini for more beach fun with sons Actress, 36 in Hawaii  Louis Tomlinson will not be criminally charged for LAX airport brawl and will instead attend informal hearing Has been summoned by LA prosecutors  My angels! Drew Barrymore enjoys outing with her sparkly mini-me daughters Olive, 4,  and two-year-old Frankie in New York City Making memories Not just a realtor! Million Dollar Listing star Heather Altman reveals her husband Josh delivered their baby girl Little Alexis Kerry was born last week 'I remember always being hungry and afraid': Simone Biles cries while talking about being adopted by her grandparents following birth mom's drug abuse Take it from them! After the world's top ten beauty influencers are revealed, FEMAIL rounds up their most genius make-up tricks that YOU can try today 'This is a real riot': Orange Is The New Black season five teaser picks up on Daya Diaz's gun-wielding cliff-hanger Netflix has posted season 5's first minute David Letterman reveals how he spiraled into depression after his affair with a show assistant was publicly revealed in blackmail scandal Hillary Clinton, shoe salesman: Katy Perry shares photo of failed presidential candidate wearing $139 pumps the singer designed and named in her honor David Beckham is left dripping in sweat following an intense workout session at SoulCycle in LA Hunk in California with his family  Merciless Jimmy Kimmel mocks United Airlines' overbooking controversy with fake ad starring a flight attendant wearing brass knuckles  Friendly exes: Sienna Miller is spotted with former fiance Tom Sturridge in New York.... amid claims Brad Pitt was 'seriously flirting' with her Lea Seydoux flaunts her toned physique in an elegant trouser suit at Louis Vuitton dinner three months after 'giving birth to baby boy George' Copies of 1985 novel The Handmaid's Tale fly off shelves thanks to upcoming TV series - with more than 450 people on the New York Public Library's waitlist  Gerard Butler shows off his softer side with sweet co-star as he continues to film scenes for latest flick Keepers in Scotland Hunk in home country 'Time to get lei'd!' Kendra Wilkinson gets a little cheeky as she shares swimsuit snaps in Hawaii with husband Hank Baskett and their two kids WWE wrestler Nia Jax posts revealing swimsuit selfie, as she urges women to focus on health and happiness - not on their appearance Don't sweat it! Nick Viall leaves bash with fiancé Vanessa Grimaldi...right after accidentally overexposing her during DWTS performance 'Fake abs for $11.81!': Ludacris mocks himself for CGI muscles with link to body prop after fans roast new music video Rapper fired back at his critics on social media  The Melania effect! Experts reveal how Europe's royals are ditching their frumpy formal styles for VERY glamorous new looks inspired by First Lady 'So much better than I ever imagined!' Katherine Heigl gushes about her diverse family now she's a mother of three Posted snaps online From Tyra Banks' LILAC lips to Kristen Stewart's metallic pink lids, we show you how to wear pastel makeup without looking like an Easter egg     DON'T MISS 'Twinning with my mommy!' Real Housewives Of New Jersey's Ashlee Holmes wears matching outfits with 7-month-old son Former troubled teen Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana returns to the home they once shared to deliver toys for their son following shock split Her two loves! Famke Janssen enjoys bike ride with boyfriend Cole Frates and her beloved 16-year-old pooch Licorice Fun trip out for trio Don't be a Coachella cliché! FEMAIL recreates looks that cool girls Zoë Kravitz, Kendall Jenner and Taylor Swift wear to  music festival so YOU can hit desert in style Harry Styles shows off his effortlessly cool style as he arrives in New York ahead of debut solo performance on Saturday Night Live Just released a single Model Lily-Rose Depp munches on McNuggets as she makes a fast food pit stop after touching down in Paris Johnny's daughter stopped at McDonald's  'There's nothing sexier than life experience': Connie Britton, 50, talks aging in Hollywood as she flaunts her legs on cover of Good Housekeeping 'I lived a double life': Hollywood manager who stole $7M from celebrity clients including Alanis Morissette to feed his gambling habit pens groveling apology letter It's Britney, beach! Spears flaunts her enviable taut stomach in sizzling bandage bikini alongside mother Lynne in sun-soaked break to Hawaii Michelle Williams looks effortlessly chic as she cozies up in a tan coat for a spring break in Paris after filming new movie in New York City Paris Jackson 'fears' for younger brother Blanket, 15, as he 'lives alone on family estate in Calabasas without his legal guardians Katherine and TJ' Sales of Ivanka Trump's clothing lines soared last year as her father's presidential campaign raised her profile and in spite of boycotts by opponents  'Finding a sense of self not just in front of the camera!' Emma Roberts reveals what's next after almost two decades of acting as she stars in style shoot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Harper Beckham, 5, proves saddles up for an afternoon at the stables in LA... with parents David and Victoria proudly watching on British DJ Paul Oakenfold plays to a crowd of climbers on MOUNT EVEREST as he hosts the 'highest party on earth'  Trekked for ten days  Fun day at the office: Paula Patton giggles between takes on set while filming Somewhere Between with co-star Devon Sawa 'I'm representing the four-pack': Ludacris jokes about being 'the smallest guy on set' compared to burly F8 co-stars Dwayne Johnson and Vin Diesel 'Good top to bottom': Nick Viall overexposes fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi as skirt rises up during lift on DWTS Showed off more than expected  'Your vajayjay won't look the same for a long time': Kelly Rowland candidly details how pregnancy and the birth of her son Titus affected her body 'She had a similar shape to mine': Tracee Ellis Ross credits Jennifer Lopez for improving her self image after years of 'idolizing skinny models' Muslim comic from Daily Show known for mocking Donald Trump will headline White House Correspondents' Dinner being boycotted by the president 'Can't wait to marry you!': Julianne Hough gushes about fiancé Brooks Laich as she shares Instagram snap of hockey hunk Not long until big day I Got You! Cher causes a commotion at a celebrity hot spot Craig's with restaurant workers forming a human wall to keep the diva safe Kate Beckinsale, 43, shows off age-defying physique in sizzling selfie as bikini-clad daughter Lily, 18, proves good looks run in the family in beach snap Not so thrifty after all! Kate has spent $70,000 on new clothes and accessories since start of 2017 (putting her on course for her most expensive year yet) A league of their own: Melania Trump takes Barron and Tiffany to upscale bowling alley in New York City Took the two youngest Trump children out A man of many talents! Tom Cruise films thrilling action sequences on motorcycle and in a helicopter on the Paris set of M:I6 - Mission Impossible No time to make lunch? Pippa Middleton is spotted carrying goods from a pricey London eatery as the wedding countdown officially begins  Pink to make 'em wink! Glamorous Pamela Anderson shows off her cleavage in a pastel pencil dress as she sips fizz from her balcony in Venice 'I'm absolutely open to it': Big Little Lies author Liane Moriarty confirms she wants to write season two Show's stars include Nicole Kidman 50 Cent 'punches' female fan in chest after she grabs his arm and pulls him off stage during his concert in Baltimore An aggressive fan  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham looks unusually casual as she and husband David wear matching black workout gear during family day out in Los Angeles Gordon Ramsay's father-in-law and two brothers-in-law face prison after admitting they hacked chef's computer to dig for dirt in ugly family feud 'I love you with all my heart': Hugh Jackman celebrates 21st wedding anniversary with a heartwarming tribute to wife Deborra-Lee Furness John Legend's adorable daughter Luna rocks initialled espadrilles as they head to photoshoot just days before her first birthday Fashion's in the family 'He probably saved my life': Jimmy Buffett praises paramedic fan who came to his aid during horrific stage fall in 2011 and invites him 'to share a margarita' From countess to queen of the one-bedroom: Real Housewives' star Luann D'Agostino shows off her new $1.5million Manhattan home Pleased to meet you, Ma'am! Prince Philip chuckles as Queen Elizabeth gets a VERY friendly greeting from an Asian elephant during a visit to zoo Hang loose! Barack and Michelle Obama enjoy South Pacific escape by swimming and paddleboarding On the island of Mo'orea in French Polynesia 'It's not going to happen... I get yelled at all the time!' Lisa Kudrow puts final nail in Friends movie coffin... as she talks about creepy celebrity guest star PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Newly single Tyga cavorts with bikini babes on music video set after split with Kylie Jenner Didn't waste any time  'I don't have a problem!' Scheana Shay accuses Katie Maloney of alcohol issues on Vanderpump Rules Reunion Feisty showdown Bill Cosby's award-winning 'Little Bill' children book series faces library boycott as parents respond angrily to sexual assault allegations Belly prancer! Ariel Winter flashes her stomach yet again in skimpy crop top as she stretches legs in LA The busty beauty seemed in high spirits  Mel B's ex Stephen Belafonte 'demands regular contact' with Eddie Murphy's daughter Angel... as bitter custody battle over biological child 'So many scars': Mama June accuses ex Sugar Bear of emotional and physical abuse... as her daughter Anna moves in with him after marriage split Style in The City: Olivia Palermo shows off her flair for fashion in a fishtail skirt and bejewelled sneakers as she runs errands in Brooklyn Rocker Anthony Kiedis, 54, looks loved-up with young mystery brunette as they share sweet embrace during romantic getaway to Venice 'Thank God, my son is well': Michael Bublé's wife Luisana Lopilato breaks silence as son Noah, three, recovers from successful liver cancer treatment Rod Stewart wants to build a 65ft swimming pool at his $6m mansion so that his 11-year-old son Alastair can become an Olympic champion Madonna dresses twins Esther and Stella in matching tracksuits and records them singing Shabbat Shalom Adopted them two months ago  'Yay for me!': Alicia Keys rejoices after stealing Texas singer Stephanie Rice from Gwen Stefani on The Voice Jubilant steal  Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner celebrate beginning of Passover with adorable family photo With Arabella, Joseph, and Theodore Kelly Clarkson laughs about hitting the wrong note while recording her eighth studio album Pop powerhouse's 's three-octave soprano pipes failed her 'The most disappointed I've felt in myself': Southern Charm's Kathryn Dennis talks about her stint in rehab after failed drug test Finally opening up  'Goodbye Girls!' Lena Dunham pays tribute to Jemima Kirke and Zosia Mamet after revealing they won't appear in series finale Over and out  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp turns director as he toys with camera before puffing a cigarette while playing cop in LAbyrinth Clean-shaven look  Youthful Elizabeth Hurley, 51, sets pulses racing in a plunging turquoise bikini as she shares ANOTHER saucy snap from her Seychelles getaway Prince Charles looks in good spirits as he tours a Cumbrian market town recovering after it was submerged in floodwater when river burst its banks  So happy! Rob Kardashian posts rare selfie as former recluse gushes over five month 'birthday' of daughter Dream Stared into the camera 'I'm calling you a nasty person': Erika and PK attack one another at RHOBH reunion... as row about her lack of underwear continues  She's bored of the chat 'We are over-the-moon!' Home & Family host Mark Steines and children's author wife Julie expecting first baby together this summer 'Let me out of this basement': Katy Perry jokes about Ryan Phillippe's dating denial via Twitter The Roar singer proved her sense of humor 'It changed my life': Bill Nighy reveals he will always be 'grateful' for his role in Love Actually as it influenced him both 'professionally and personally' Wet hair, don't care! Jennifer Garner looks carefree and casual as she steps out with lookalike daughter Seraphina Relaxed and happy Lunch date! Dakota Johnson enjoys a bite at healthy restaurant in mom jeans with handsome mystery man How To Be Single actress Antonio Banderas and his girlfriend hang out in Malaga... as it's revealed he quit smoking after heart attack Spanish heartthrob is 19 years older Watch out Gigi! Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin, 18, signs with IMG Models The Halstrom Academy senior will strut down the runways Phil Collins' ex-wife Orianne Cevey settles divorce from Charles Fouad Mejjati... after reconciling with the singer eight years on from £25m split Leggy Karlie Kloss wears denim mini skirt and embroidered bomber jacket to check out her new fashion collection in NYC store  Natural beauty Lord of the rings! Jason Statham, 49, shows off his RIPPED physique as he reveals he's achieved his buff body through gymnastic training 'This isn't something to rush into': JoJo Fletcher reveals she and Jordan Rodgers are not in any hurry to get married Revealed she is not in any rush  Jess look at her! Biel looks naturally stunning as she leaves her restaurant wearing white lace blouse and matching blazer  Glamour girl Doing a (wave) runner! Bikini-clad Teresa Giudice enjoys a paradise break in Puerto Rico without husband Joe who is still serving time for fraud Ed Sheeran settles $20M lawsuit over hit song Photograph following claims he 'copied and exploited' X Factor UK winner Matt Cardle track Amazing  Shop till you drop! Gigi Hadid and mother Yolanda look stylish as they hit the stores in New York City  Went into a branch of the Blick Art Materials store Is this their babymoon? Tom Ackerley kicks back in tropical paradise amid rumors wife Margot Robbie is 'expecting her first child' Taking it easy  Playing by the rules! Lily-Rose Depp smirks as she dutifully removes her chic boots for TSA screening Dressed comfortably at LAX with her boyfriend Comrades in arms! North West and and little brother Saint make a run for the backyard in sweet snap posted by Kim Kardashian on National Siblings Day Snow White and the pop pixie! Kristen Stewart looks just like Justin Bieber after channeling singer's beach style Unusual styling  Blake Lively thought her doctor was 'going to drop our baby' after husband Ryan Reynolds played Marvin Gaye's Let's Get It On during her labor Sponsored by Chanel! Bella Hadid keeps designer tote front and center as she jets off to Dubai for Dior gig Left her Manhattan apartment He has a Need for Speed! Aaron Paul soaks up the Californian sun as he takes his 1965 Shelby Cobra out for a spin in LA Highly sought-after car  'There's some jealousy!' Kylie Jenner sparks envy in the Kardashian family as new solo reality show is confirmed Next generation Out of this world! Zoe Saldana commands attention in semi-sheer red dress as she attends Tokyo launch of Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 Sparkling like a diamond! DWTS judge Julianne Hough exudes glamour in glittering gown while showing off her toned pins in high slit on red carpet Maternal instincts! Charlotte McKinney shows motherly side carrying friend's baby after lunching Out with friends in West Hollywood, California Jaime King cuts an effortlessly chic figure in cropped jeans and fur-lined loafers as she steps out on a coffee run Proving that less is more Back to the routine! Busy Philipps steps out for lunch with husband Marc Silverstein after claiming Uber driver tried to kill her She's walking, instead... 'I'm grateful to have you!' Chris Pratt shares a sweet kiss with Anna Faris at the Guardians Of The Galaxy: Vol. 2 premiere in Tokyo Paid tribute to his wife Rock icon Chrissie Hynde puts on an energetic show as she returns to the stage in London... after revealing she is lives as a 'recluse' Halle Berry posts rare photo of three-year-old son Maceo as he gazes thoughtfully at the sea The Oscar winning actress posted the pic to Instagram Flirt in a shirt! Gavin Rossdale's model daughter Daisy Lowe ties blouse to show off her midriff after boasting about newly found body confidence Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, slips into a skimpy black bikini as she flaunts her unshaven armpits while relaxing in the sun with her rumored beau Ricky Whittle is hand in hand with glamorous girlfriend Kirstina Colonna as he dines out in West Hollywood after promoting new show American Gods 'Since when is murder fashion forward?' Chloe Lattanzi slams Kourtney Kardashian for flaunting a big fur coat on her Snapchat Lashing out Working (it) Girl! Melanie Griffith, 59, shows off her svelte figure in a tight top and skinny jeans for some retail therapy Out and about  Legs for days! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in a flirty blue mini dress after revealing she has undergone gender reassignment surgery Went on her coffee run  Roll up! Johnny Depp puffs on a homemade ciggie as he resumes filming on LAbyrinth in Downtown Los Angeles Portrays real life LAPD detective Russell Poole 'Meth-od actor! Breaking Bad star Giancarlo Esposito wears full Gus Fring getup as he shows his face at Los Pollo Hermanos pop up store  Spec-tacular blunder! Interviewer smacks Nicole Richie's sunglasses from her face trying to give high five Failed five  'Men are jealous of me!' Nick Cannon jokes about rumors he caused Mariah Carey's split from Bryan Tanaka Mariah's ex-husband issued modest reply Flower power! AnnaLynne McCord steps out in floral-print trousers for film screening and panel on modern day slavery Human rights advocate  Red Alert! Hilary Duff stands out in scarlet and pink jacket while filming TV series Younger in NYC Shot scenes with Molly Bernard for season four Her mini-me! Denise Richards opts for casual T-shirt and jeans to hit the grocery store in Malibu with look-a-like daughter Lola Looked refreshed 'I am so thrilled for this next chapter': Mariah Carey announces new album to be released later this year...after 'split' with Bryan Tanaka Eagerly anticipated  'Mommy daughter movie date':  Pink shares selfie with adorable Willow, five, as they head to screening of Beauty And The Beast Shared a big grin  'They are both extremely thrilled!' Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk name newborn daughter Lea de Seine Shayk Cooper Proud new parents Caitlyn Jenner reveals she underwent gender reassignment surgery in January because she was 'tired of tucking the damn thing in all the time' Kristen Stewart flashes her stomach (and a peek of underboob) in crop top while out and about in New Orleans with girlfriend Stella Maxwell Ragnarok hard! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE biceps deservedly land a starring role in the sexy new poster for Thor sequel Massive sweaty biceps  Any regrets? Tyga indulges in retail therapy as 'ex' Kylie Jenner gets lucrative deal for solo reality series One week after he split from her  'Feeling better than I've ever felt': Demi Lovato encourages fans to practice 'self love' in Instagram post after overcoming body image issues EJ Johnson flashes skin in mesh dress and thigh-high boots as he dines with Rich Kids co-star Dorothy Wang He showed off another daring outfit  'I got enough pigs chasing me in NY': Bethenny Frankel stuns in blue bikini as she visits famous bay of swimming sows in Bahamas 'She does so much': Jenna Fischer surprises little sister with home renovation in My Houzz series video A renovation of her St. Louis home Showing the love! Katie Holmes posts throwback snaps of her brother and three sisters on National Siblings Day Nostalgic picture  Jordana Brewster showcases her stunning figure in olive green string bikini on vacation in Hawaii Lethal Weapon star showed off  her physique Twinning! Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth spotted in near matching outfits as Hollywood actor brings his family to visit the Thor star Down Under PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, gives a glimpse of new 'W' tattoo as she hits Miami with mom's rumored ex Ingrid Casares 'Fifth element flow!' Katy Perry looks dramatically different as she chops off the rest of her hair Been experimenting with her locks lately  Snowflake kisses! Olivia Holt and her boyfriend share some sweet PDA as they hit the slopes in Tahoe Could not have been cuter EXCLUSIVE: 'Bye Bye Boobs!' Real Housewives of Orange County star Kelly Dodd has breast reduction surgery, downsizing her '32 G's'  'Three generations of bada**women': Ruby Rose shares flashback image of her younger self with lookalike mother and grandmother Time to ditch the jacket! Mama June hides her slimmed down figure away after losing 300lbs The 37-year-old reality star was in NYC Extra who starred in Kendall Jenner's Pepsi ad speaks out to claim most actors who feature in the ad are NOT from the US so 'didn't know anything' was wrong Harry Styles was 'in the running to play Han Solo in Star Wars spin-off... but bosses decided he'd be impossible to lock down due to his music career' 'It happened with age': Jenna Bush Hager reveals her grandma Barbara Bush only has EIGHT toes - four on each foot - but insists 'they look cute'  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lady Kitty cuts a stripy fine figure: Diana's niece shows off her slender frame as she post picture of herself  Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves steps out as he spends THREE hours getting botox and fillers... after having fat removed from his body and injected into his butt Singer Iggy Azalea claims she lost a whopping 15lbs in a week by TWERKING. Is that possible? Is it HEALTHY? A doctor explains...  Can't afford to pay $5,000 for a dress? Victoria unveils her not-so-Posh range: Pieces costing up to $75 for budget US retailer sell out in hours Is Simon Cowell's son the most eligible toddler in town? A $12,400 birthday party. Tables at top LA restaurants. And tiger mums desperate to engineer a play date... Young love! Willow Smith and 'boyfriend' Tyler Cole walk arm in arm in the LA sunshine There have been rumors she's dating her musical collaborator  'Lost at sea!' Lindsay Lohan strips off to  strike a saucy pose in her bed on a luxury yacht Mean Girls star posted an Instagram shot  Something to tell us? Sienna Miller steps out with a little smile on her face amid claims Brad Pitt was 'seriously flirting' with her at event in LA last week Not so anarchic now! Charlie Hunnam smartens up in a buttoned shirt for lunch in Hollywood with his love Morgana McNelis Couple for 12 years Red Hot Chili Peppers' Anthony Kiedis packs on the PDA with mystery brunette as they enjoy romantic getaway in Venice  Rocker has a son, 8 EXCLUSIVE: My mother's 'hatred' for her sister Meghan Markle. Prince Harry's girlfriend's family hit by new split  Nightmare for Suits star Mel B puts on brave face as she visits her lawyers after breaking month-long social media silence... having gained restraining order against husband Curvy model shares close-up of herself grabbing her butt and thighs to prove that her cellulite is 'natural' - as she admits she used to think it was 'shameful' 'Feeling it!' Reese Witherspoon works on her svelte figure as she tackles yoga and jogging on the same day Right back to work after the Big LIttle Lies finale  'White trash!' Jax Taylor has trouble adjusting to farm life in Vanderpump Rules spin-off with Brittany Cartwright Tensions flare in show Political chatter and fierce debate about Donald Trump helps 'The View' beat the 'The Talk' in ratings for the first time in two years Fierce rival shows 'People have to start respecting the vagina': Emily Ratajkowski and Janelle Monae talk feminism, race, and Trump as they each land cover of Marie Claire  Elle Fanning faces a furious backlash over the decision to cast her, and not a transgender actor, as a trans boy in controversial new film 3 Generations Life With Kylie! Jenner lands her own reality show as she branches out alone from the Kardashians She's grown up in front of the cameras George and Charlotte's starring moment! Pippa confirms that the young royals WILL be page boy and bridesmaid on her big day (but there's no official role for Kate) 'You can't have that much handsome in one place!' Royal watchers go wild as William and Harry pose with Justin Trudeau (and French dub them 'Le trio sexy') Today's headlines Most Read Original 'Cocaine Cowboy' is arrested after 26 YEARS on the run: Last of three notorious powerboat-racing,... America's first-ever female Muslim judge, 65, is found dead in New York's Hudson River after her new... 'I have never felt this violated in my entire life': WWE Diva Lana claims 'inappropriate' TSA agents groped... Melania Trump - An Apology Trump says relations with Russia are 'at an all-time low' - then warns Vladimir Putin: The U.S. is very,... Tillerson meets Putin - and leaves without even a snapshot to show for it: Kremlin snubs U.S. as relations... North Korea 'is preparing to detonate a nuclear bomb it has placed in a tunnel' as Trump's armada moves in... Russia BLOCKS U.N. Security Council resolution requiring Syria to cooperate with investigation into... 'They are primitive and loutish': Putin lashes out at the US before meeting Tillerson in Russia and warns... Number of Google searches for 'World War 3' hits its highest ever level following Trump's military... Sarin gas WAS used in Syrian massacre that horrified the world, British scientists confirm following tests... EXCLUSIVE: Beaming Janet Jackson emerges with baby Eissa for the first time amid claims she 'felt hidden'... ‘No one will believe me’: Chilling first words of Josef Fritzl’s daughter who was held prisoner for 24 years... 'Cash me ousside girl', 14, is busted for 'smoking marijuana' outside a friend's house on the same day she... 'A lot longer than I expected to last': Survivalist Eric Frein was surprised that he was able to evade cops... Outrage at Oklahoma Congressman who told voters they don’t pay his salary and accused them of talking... Thirteen-year-old boy accidentally shoots and kills himself as his friends watch him play with a gun on... 'I'm a goner!': Incredible reconstruction reveals the final hours of the El Faro crew as the cargo ship... Mexican cartel member who 'shot and killed a US border agent with an American government-issued gun he... Muslim, Latino and black student groups at Harvard are forced to apologize for putting up fake deportation... Dad kidnaps his kids, aged eight and 11, 'murders them in his Land Rover' before being shot dead in police... 'You can be anti-abortion and pro choice': Conservative firebrand Tomi Lahren breaks down and claims she's... 'I did not even have breasts': Haitian girl forced to have sex with nearly 50 UN workers as part of child... 'Darling, you need to get laid': Carly Simon's then-husband claims she forced him to go to a Chinatown... Monroe owed $1,000 when she died: Actress's personal chequebook reveals she was overdrawn as it goes up for... Could PIG ORGANS save human lives amid lack of donors? World's largest pork supplier sets up bioscience unit... United passenger starts legal action against the airline: Doctor asks judge to preserve all video evidence... 'I'm staying... you'll have to drag me': Passenger who was bloodied and hauled from an overbooked United... United Airlines refunds EVERY passenger who was on board the overbooked flight when the doctor was dragged... MORE HEADLINES Self-righteous Hillary was 'so mad she couldn't think straight' and Bill gave aides an 'a** chewing': Inside her doomed campaign's bickering and denial as she careened to defeat North Korea 'is preparing to detonate a nuclear bomb it has placed in a tunnel' as Trump's armada moves in and Kim Jong-un warns of 'big event' TODAY  'I'm staying... you'll have to drag me': Passenger who was bloodied and hauled from an overbooked United flight seen refusing to obey police orders in new video from the plane The laughing troops Kim Jong-Un thinks can take on America: Candid photographs reveal care-free North Korean soldiers as country edges towards war with US America's first-ever female Muslim judge, 65, is found dead in New York's Hudson River after her new reverend husband reported her missing Japan scrambles fighter jets to head off six Russian bombers flying towards its air space amid rising tensions in the region following Trump's war of words with North Korea  Married pastor with 10 children who called gays 'sinners' after Orlando shooting is convicted of making 15-year-old boy and girl have sex in front of him before joining in Shocking video shows the moment a gang of teenage girls viciously beat a mother who tried to stop them fighting her daughter  Tillerson meets Putin - and leaves without even a snapshot to show for it: Kremlin snubs U.S. as relations freeze ‘No one will believe me’: Chilling first words of Josef Fritzl’s daughter who was held prisoner for 24 years by her evil father who raped her 3,000 times US basketball player gets the shock of his life when he comes across the 'Ku Klux Klan' in Spain... hold on, wait a minute Baby on board! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc keep it casual as they rock jeans while helping their kids Charlotte and Aidan into a car for a family dinner out Dad kidnaps his kids, aged eight and 11, 'murders them in his Land Rover' before being shot dead in police shootout Truck driver, 20, had taken pills and had marijuana on him when he swerved into the wrong lane and killed 13 elderly people coming home from a church retreat  Three-day-old baby girl smuggled underneath a blanket in western Sydney hospital abduction by her 15-year-old mother and 14-year-old father - as police hunt man who 'accompanied' the teen parents  'I have a scar on my toe where he dug a drill into it': Girl, 19, details horrific hours-long assaults 'by her foster father who tortured and sexually abused her by stripping her naked and pouring hot wax on her chest' 'They are primitive and loutish': Putin lashes out at the US before meeting Tillerson in Russia and warns that relations between the two nations have soured since Trump took office Navy SEAL team responsible for killing Osama bin Laden 'is training alongside troops in South Korea preparing to "incapacitate" Kim Jong-un  Incredible moment stunned military buffs discovered five gold bars worth £2million hidden inside an Iraqi tank bought for £30,000 on eBay  United Airlines refunds EVERY passenger who was on board the overbooked flight when the doctor was dragged off  United passenger starts legal action against the airline: Doctor asks judge to preserve all video evidence of him being dragged off as two MORE cops are suspended Cheating drink-drive husband, 23, crashed and died while driving 'like The Stig' at 101mph as he took his secret lover home after a date Original 'Cocaine Cowboy' is arrested after 26 YEARS on the run: Last of three notorious powerboat-racing, mansion-owning playboy drug smugglers who brought $2BILLION of coke into America is arrested in Florida  27 men and two women appear in court accused of child trafficking, rape and sex abuse against 18 girls as young as 11 over seven years  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments40+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch Burger King thought it had a great idea. Instead, it ended up with a Whopper of a problem. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hayley Tsukayama By Hayley Tsukayama April 12 at 7:23 PM Follow @htsuka A Burger King in Los Angeles has specials plastered on its windows in this 2015 photo. (Damian Dovarganes/Associated Press) A Burger King ad designed to trigger Google's voice-activated Home smart speaker and have the device advertise the Whopper no longer works. The ad, released Wednesday, features an actor dressed as a Burger King employee, who says, “Okay, Google: What is the Whopper burger?” The line is meant to trigger the device to reel off the definition of a Whopper using the first line of the burger's Wikipedia page. (Yes, the Whopper has its own Wikipedia page.) Roughly three hours after the ad launched, the ad stopped working. Google's Home would only light up in response to the commercial's prompt and stay mum (although it will give you the first line of the Wikipedia article if you explicitly request the definition of a “Whopper burger”). The fast-food company confirmed that the ad no longer triggers the speaker, but it said that it will still air the ad — and indicated that the ad may start working again. “You’ll have to tune in tonight to see if the commercial triggers the Whopper sandwich definition response,” said Burger King spokesman Brooke Scher Mogan. Mogan said Burger King saw the ad as an opportunity to “do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices.” Google did not respond to requests for comment. A person familiar with the matter but not authorized to speak on the record said the fast-food chain did not consult Google before making the commercial. While commercials — often those about home hubs — have accidentally triggered voice assistants in people's homes before, this seems to be the first time an ad has tried to do it intentionally. Based on comments on the ad's YouTube page, many consumers did not appreciate having their devices hijacked. “When you take over someones phone or tablet and have it do your own remote commands intentionally, you are HACKING,” read one comment. In fact, it may be a blessing for Burger King that the ad no longer works as intended because the advertisement almost immediately backfired on the fast-food chain. Once the ad started gaining attention, Wikipedia users began altering the first line of the article about Burger King's Whopper. These edits included references to the burger as “cancer-causing” and stating that its ingredients include “cyanide.” It appears that Burger King itself tried to fix the Wikipedia problem. The first sentence changed to a suspiciously glowing description of the Whopper, authored by user “Fermachado123" — a name that sounds similar to Fernando Machado, Burger King's senior vice president for global brand management. Burger King did not confirm or deny that Machado edited the article.  [A second-by-second breakdown of Kendall Jenner’s unspeakably tone-deaf Pepsi ad] Privacy concerns about voice-activated speakers and the connected home have been on the rise as more companies have introduced these products, putting pressure on the makers of voice-operated security systems and door locks to ensure that their devices can't be triggered by unauthorized voices. The place of advertising on the Google Home and similar products has been thoroughly debated by users as they have become more commonplace. Many users don't want to be spammed with ads delivered by what they consider personal assistants. Google subjected itself to criticism after Home users heard what appeared to be an unprompted plug for Disney's “Beauty and Beast” when the film opened last month. Google said at the time that mentioning the film wasn't meant to be an ad but simply a notice to users about what was timely that day, according to a statement provided to CNET. “We're continuing to experiment with new ways to surface unique content for users and we could have done better in this case,” a Google spokesman said. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 40+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka 47 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Burger King thought it had a great idea. Instead, it ended up with a Whopper of a problem. 2 Trump backs off fiscal pledges and adopts centrist policies that he once fought 3 Americans are using alpacas to dodge taxes, a U.S. senator warns 4 Asian shares mixed as Trump talks down US dollar 5 Trump changes course again, says health-care repeal must happen before tax overhaul The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA -0.29% NASDAQ -0.52% Get quote Last Update: 04/13/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Sideways Dictionary Created by See More Analogies or Add Your Own Sponsored by Sponsored by Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business  • Markets •  Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Markets > The Profound Implications Of 5 Increasingly Dominant Tech Companies The Profound Implications Of 5 Increasingly Dominant Tech Companies Wednesday, 12 April 2017 (9 hours ago) Authored by Lou Kerner via HackerNoon.com, I first wrote about the increasing domination Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, Google, and Amazon (aka FAMGA) in January of this year. It was not a particularly widely read piece. But every day since then, I’ve become surer of the simple, but profoundly impactful, realization that: 1. The most valuable companies in the U.S. are increasingly tech companies. 2. *The concentration of value (as denoted by market cap) being created in tech, is increasingly being created by the five largest companies, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, Google and Amazon (aka FAMGA)* 3. The concentration of market cap in just five hands will have an *increasingly profound impact on innovation and wealth concentration in the U.S..* So I’ll keep beating the FAMGA drum. -FAMGA By The Numbers- As of Friday, April 7th , FAMGA stocks finished with an average market cap of $535 billion. The smallest FAMGA market cap is Facebook, at $407 billion. Number six in terms of market cap in U.S. tech land is Oracle at at $182 billion, just 45% of the market cap of Facebook. So there is massive, and growing, separation between FAMGA and the rest of tech in terms of market cap: As of April 7, 2017 The domination of technology companies in terms of market cap is actually a fairly recent occurrence. Just 11 years ago, Microsoft was the only tech company in the top 5: -FAMGA Stocks Have Meaningfully Outperformed the non-FAMGA stocks in the NASDAQ 100 Over The Last 2+ Years- The FAMGA stocks have had a great run the last two years, and that trend has continued so far in 2017, continuing to outpace the performance of the 95 non-FAMGA stocks in the NASDAQ 100: As of 4/7/17 As a result of the outperformance of FAMGA relative to the non-FAMGA stocks in the NASDAQ 100, the percentage of the total market cap of the NASDAQ 100 that is comprised of FAMGA market cap, has continued to grow: -The Implications Of The FAMGA Market Cap Concentration- *Innovation Slows In Monopolies/Duopolies* I’m not saying FAMGA are doing anything wrong. They are simply all great competitors benefitting from the “winner, or two winners, take all” markets that increasingly comprise most digital markets (and almost all markets are going digital). Take the internet advertising market. The good news is that according to the Internet Advertising Bureau (IAB), internet advertising was up 20% year-ver-year in 3Q ’16. *The bad news is that, if you take FAMGA out of the equation, internet advertising revenue probably shrank for everyone else:* Data From Jason Kint, Digital Content Next, Dec. 2016 The analysis above groups Amazon in to the “Everyone Else” category. Given that Amazon is estimated to have generated around $1 billion in advertising revenue, it’s likely that Amazon grew it’s advertising revenue by more than $40 million Q3 16 v Q2 ’16. The point is, that taking FAMGA out of the equation, the market is actually shrinking. What happens in shrinking markets? Innovation is stifled due to lack of competitive reasons to innovate, and due to lack of resources. CBInsights reported that global ad tech funding fell 33% in 2016 to $2.2 billion, from $3.2 billion in 2015, putting it back to where it was in 2013. That decrease is innovation withering in the ad tech market. E-commerce is in the U.S. is increasingly being dominated by Amazon, which *accounted for 53% of all e-commerce revenue growth in 2016,* bringing it’s growing control of the e-commerce market to 43% share. *Funding to e-commerce companies fell over 44% in 2016* to $9 billion according to CBInsights. That’s a lot less capital funding innovation in e-commerce. *Adjacent Markets Become Ripe For Domination* *Software is increasingly eating the world. *Technical superiority is increasingly the largest factor in who dominates different markets. Then it makes sense that FAMGA will increasingly dominate other markets. One obvious example of this premise is the public cloud space, where Amazon dominates: Amazon has roughly the same dominant global market share in the pubic cloud space as it does in U.S. e-commerce. Other FAMGA members, Google and Microsoft (along with IBM) are gaining share, and everyone else is losing. *Other Implications/Thoughts* There are numerous other important implications to consider, but I’’m going to write about three now, and save the rest for future FAMGA drumbeats. *First, it’s not just adjacent markets that are ripe for domination by FAMGA, it’s any new market with large potential that takes large amounts of capital and technical expertise. *Think about AR/VR (Facebook). Think about the race to space (Amazon). Think about self driving cars (Google). Now each of those areas have significant other competitors, but I believe FAMGA are well positioned to take dominant share in each of those markets. *Second, we’ve been here before. *Below is one of my favorite all time charts. It shows the market cap market share of the 100 most valuable tech companies in the U.S., over time: *In 1985, IBM controlled over 70% of the total market cap of the 100 largest U.S. tech companies. In 1998 Microsoft controlled 30% of the total market cap, and we were worried that Microsoft was stifling of innovation. In 2012, Apple controlled over 25% of the market cap. Google was the largest market cap for 42 hours last year. History has taught us that nothing is constant but change.* Finally, simultaneous with the rise of FAMGA, the pace of innovation is accelerating, and there are a huge number of companies creating massive shareholder value through innovation. Just last week, Tesla surpassed Ford in market cap, at $49.3 billion. Tesla is now worth just 2% less than GM. Netflix is worth $60 billion. Uber is worth $66 billion. Intel just bought Mobileye for $15 billion. AirBnB is worth $30 billion. So there are lots of competing forces at play here. It turns out, this is complex (who knew?).* But the forces compelling FAMGA to ever greater share of market cap are strong, and as it continues, the implications will be increasingly profound.* » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Markets Lavrov & TILLERSON Hold Joint Press Conference - Live Feed The Suspense Is Over: PUTIN MEETS With Rex Tillerson At The Kremlin WELLS FARGO Tumbles To Lowest Since November After Buffett Dumps 9 Million Shares Something Strange Happened During Yesterday's LONDON PM Gold Fix Loonie Jumps After BANK OF CANADA Holds Rates, Sees Output Gap Closing Sooner Trump Reverses On NATO: "It's No LONGER OBSOLETE" New Trump Memo Promises "Dramatically More Efficient" Government; Lifts FEDERAL HIRING FREEZE Watch Live: Trump Holds First Press Briefing With NATO SECRETARY GENERAL Stoltenberg Despite "Ruthless Economic War", VENEZUELA, PDVSA Avoid Default With $2.6 Billion Payment Dragged United Passenger Files LEGAL ACTION Over Forceful Deplaning Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Jude Law Vladimir Putin Rafael Correa Current Topics Hudson River Secret Team New Zealanders Syria Chemical Longer Obsolete Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Which Country Just Banned UBER This Week? MOVIE REVIEW: Ghost in the Shell This Cuban Wine Is Being 'Protected'.. And Not In The Way You'd Imagine! MOVIE REVIEW: Table 19 Which Iconic Villain Is Returning To Doctor Who? Which Sport Is Taking Up 3D Printing - And Soon? Will The Next Generation Of TRUMPs Be Entering Politics? How Frozen Could Have Ended - And Why We're Glad It Didn't Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 58 Plus 1 on G+ 259 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares382 News Videos Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Always-listening voice assistants, like Google Now/Assistant or Alexa, can't really tell the difference between you talking and someone else (unless you have Trusted Voice enabled on Android). Maybe you've watched a few tech videos where someone said "Ok Google," and your phone started talking back. Burger King seems to be the first company to purposely trigger Google Now/Assistant in a television ad. In the below video, a Burger King employee says "Ok Google, what is the whopper burger," right before the ad ends: As mentioned above, turning on Trusted Voice on your Android devices gets around this, but the Google Home has no such option. Searching Google Trends for "what is the whopper burger" shows a graph of Burger King's victims: If you wanted to be funny and edit the Whopper page on Wikipedia to say something else, the page has already been locked due to vandalism. It also looks like someone from Burger King changed the page immediately before rolling out the ad to list the ingredients at the top (which has since been reverted). Let us know in the comments below if you've seen the ad on TV. Source: Buzzfeed Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Google disabled the voice command for Burger King's commercial 😂😂 (it previously worked) pic.twitter.com/xDWF4wDS1Z — Niv Dror (@Nivo0o0) April 12, 2017 End of Update Tags burger king google assistant google now google search hotword OK Google okay google video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon Galaxy Note5 and S6 edge+ receiving Android 7.0 Nougat updates ... Next Story Qualcomm ordered to pay out nearly a billion dollars to BlackBerry over royalty dispute Trending 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments TechGuy22 ah Sup Hah. That's actually quite smart. MJ Pissing off potential customers is smart? Nicholas C They will get tons of free attention from this. So yea. Sup People get pissed off so easily :/ EowynCarter Well, yeah, I don't like ads. So intrusive ad like this tends to get the opposite effect. MisterAlex If I'd theoretically been watching cable television (which I don't subscribe to) and this ad came on and triggered my phone and/or Home, I'd be far more amused than irritated. And it's not like Google would have ever let it last long, anyway. Impulse_Vigil It's amusing for all of 5s, sets a bad precedent and encourages a drove of similar stunts tho. Ryan Johnson Yeah what a shame that people get pissed off from having some advertisement take advantage of their devices to read marketing BS at them. Not to mention editing & hassling Wikipedia to have the first paragraph say what they want. Everyone already knows what the Whopper is anyway AndroidUser00110001 Funny... Kieron Quinn In before someone really good at SEO makes a site which takes over the card read out by the Home to say something against BK Kieron Quinn Or, as it's been done before, simply edit the wikipedia page at the right time so the spider resets the text to say it Corbin Davenport The Whopper page is already edit locked. Kieron Quinn Shame. Will have to be an elaborate SEO trick then My1 it's semi-locked only though. meaning only registered members can edit iirc. Pessimippopotamus Google Home needs trained voice recognition like yesterday. the_secret The article does mention "trusted voice" can be enabled, like today! Suicide_Note Not on Google Home devices it can't. EcE Reading and comprehension is hard. nxtiak Trusted voice is only on phones. UniBroW Beta product is Beta ilovetesla this is not stupid , its smart guys EcE It's bullshit. MisterAlex No, it's brilliant. It is obvious from the onset that the voice response would be disabled on the back-end by Google—so it would, at worst, be a nuisance for Home owners for a very brief time. But we're all watching the video and discussing it. This very short, very low-budget video has more than done its job. EcE Sure, it got people talking about it but I'm sure everyone who got caught off guard by it went running to their nearest BK. Marcelove If you are an idiot, then sure it is bullshit. EcE aaaaand blocked Powsniffer0110 Wahhh JD Stupid like a fox. Kwetsima Maluleke Hmm. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd13dabd7f3d4c34cb64cf739e07667abaae63d75d00f8bde0825356ec5533c0.png Dallas King https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9e0913e1541e50871ddd3c59f560aa29f35950c5071a10e04a0b71e1f539d4e6.jpg MJ It should be illegal (but it is not nor will ever be) and Google should do something about it? The only thing they can do and should do is allow owners to change the activation phase or enable Trusted Voice on the Android Home. David Brideau LOLLLLL! mondeca Thank goodness I always fast-forward through commercials. deprofeet Brilliant... mondeca Of course this triggered an edit war on the Wikipedia page for the Whopper. JD Soon all commercials will just be "Ok Google, tell me about x" Syukri Lajin should we blame them? or Google's suck-ass voice recognition? ilovetesla turning on trusted voice is the only way out of this issue but AP says home doesnt support trusted voice Biff Wonsley Another way is to let us change the Google in OK Google to Jarvis, Beavis, Nadine, whatever. Google deserves this for not letting us customize. ilovetesla saying OK Google sucks, custom trigger voices must be made zurcaled11 This is an evolution of the Google Home Beauty and the Beast ad. Google definitely is in on it. And unfortunately it makes me want the Google Home less. demarcmj Google was not "in on it" (per the source article) But I agree stuff like this only makes me less interested in a Google Home (even though my interest level was very low to begin with). zurcaled11 You are right, the update to the article definitely makes it clear Google was not OK with it. If you want ads pushed through Google Home, you apparently have to go through Google! demarcmj Very interesting. They moved pretty fast on that. Andy J As they should of, this ad was harmless - but the next one - might not be. And as people often leave the room during adverts - a lot of people wouldn't necessarily be there to witness it adding a calendar entry or adding something to a shopping list - or further into the future - record "exciting new program" on Thursday. John Samuel αΩ It was only a matter of time. Michael Crider Quarter-pound beef patty, lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, mayo, ketchup, sesame seed bun. Bullshit you can't tell me that in 15 seconds. ilovetesla laziness at its best Brandon David Obert Isn't that a Big.... You know what never mind ilovetesla r u the real Michael Crider Michael Crider No, I kidnapped him and put him in a well in my basement and now I'm wearing his skin. ilovetesla i knew it...calling 108 ....wait ...i cant do it accessing ur disqus profile throws a 404 paxmos OK Google, what happened to Michael Crider? Carson Saldanha Nope, he's an imposter using polyjuice potion ilovetesla why dot you have the AP staff badge near your disqus name your companions artem and jeff has them Michael Crider I don't work here anymore. ilovetesla nnnnnnooooooo.....i didnt know that man........ roberto.elena Don't ex-cops get ex-cops' badges? Michael Crider I wish I could customize them but Disqus only lets one site have one badge. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Wow man..just like that? No farewell post nothing? You sir were one of my fav AP writers, even when you clearly had a different political alignment (like that matters...or does it?). Anyways all the best for your future endeavours. P.S. I would just like to take this opportunity while I can to express my sincere apologies for a reply I once posted under an article of yours covering the FBI app for most wanted criminals. I kinda photoshopped your profile pic and name in the screenshot for the app just for fun.. It got deleted instantly making me realise that maybe I shouldn't have(?) But I assure you it was just for fun, no disrespect intended. Well, so long. Powsniffer0110 He had a farewell article I thought. Jay Burger King's face right now. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a81da022eefe3eb5833231aa2593041d2bc8f33bbecb98f3e2dcba6e83e2d85d.jpg DJ SPY Haha this is pretty funny. Is it too much to ask for you guys to have a sense of humor? Why call it stupid? JSo It activates my phone but it tells me it can't recognize my voice. So they didn't get a search from me. Orlando aka Pixel XL Burger King use to be decent.... Syukri Lajin Oh look. an update. Whataburger must be enjoying those free advertising it's getting now. ROFL. this got me thinking, will they keep breaking the search results until it stops promoting a company? or will they actually fix it? lol Matt74UK Stupid? I think that was a rather amusing idea. I prefer the Big King to the Whopper though. mark555055d hmm, now the guy in the commercial can no longer use his Google home. :) Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Nah, all he needs is a helium balloon.. Ryan If only Google had allowed us to define our own activation phrases. NunjaBusiness I have been asking for that ever since the first iteration. I want so badly to say to my phone: "Bitch, what is the weather going to be tomorrow?" Adam Margeson I think that, if not for Trusted Voice, you would end up activating several people's devices given that were an option. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yet another reason why I'm glad I don't have Google Home or "Ok Google" enabled on my phone. Now, if he says "Alexa wikipedia whopper burger" next time, then I'd be in trouble. Тарас Мукин Well, the idea of putting "OK Google" in the commercial was pretty obvious. And to be honest — this is a really good execution. Clear and simple. I understand that it pisses people off, and I think I would be pissed too, but this is a good ad — executed good and works good (well, at leas worked until Google stepped in) Leahelm Thank goodness Google stepped up, hope BK and everyone else learns stuff like this is obnoxious. tim242 Google Home is obnoxious... Leahelm Lucky for you then you don't have to buy one Nogib Random aside: how is it that Amazon's TV ads don't trigger my Echo when they say "Alexa"? MisterAlex Amazon controls bot their own commercials and the back-end for Alexa search... so I'm guessing they make sure to put in exceptions to prevent talking to themselves. Sir_Brizz This, plus there are a few tricks that you can use to avoid this like checking for a specific background tone. Leonardo Baez Is a shit$# move from burger king.... But genius one as well. JD NO ONE CAN ADVERTISE IN CHEEKY FASHION EXCEPT US! - Google. Francois Roy Believe it or not, those Google bad foks disabled the command in Assistant, but NOT in OG Google Now!! XD Mike Miller The case could be made that this is already illegal and Burger King broke the law. Technically, it is an intentional and unauthorized use of someone else's personal device. I mean, it would be a ridiculous case, but the case could be made. MisterAlex Nah. You consent to too much "okay, I'm letting this thing listen to the world" fine print for that to ever hold water. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Burger King burgers are terrible. saimin Who is more evil? Burger King or Pepsi or United Airlines or Sean Spicer? tim242 United Airlines, Google, Sean Spicer, Pepsi...in that order. Notice, I added one and subtracted one. Max Johnson Out of all of those, I would say the diabetes inducing brand. Marcelove I don't usually call people bad names, but this article has a level of stupidity that is impossible to avoid: Corbin, do you only sucks Google's dick or you allow him to put in your ass too? It is Google's responsability that the device is being triggered by the commercial... So stop being a pussy trying to blame Burger King instead your boss (Google's ads paying AP). Following your thoughts, if you install Philip's lights at home and let Google Home control it, and a commercial is launched on tv about the lights, showing how it works , where a actor says the commands, making the lights at your home be changed, it is the maker of the ad responsible for this situation, and not Google... Typical case of someone trying to "blame the others", instead of blaming the real responsible for something that you don't like because the real responsible has some relation with you... Sir_Brizz WTFH? Of course it would be the ad maker's fault in your example. The ad creator acted in bad faith. I personally know I could probably activate all kinds of smart home commands through a TV commercial including turning on/off sprinklers, locking/unlocking doors, turning on/off lights, fireplaces, opening garages, etc. I don't do that because it would damage my reputation and brand to act in bad faith in that way. That's also why this commercial is so stupid. What does it do other than damage Burger King's reputation and brand? There is probably a higher than average chance that people who own devices this would activate already know what a "Whopper burger" is so it doesn't increase brand awareness. Best case scenario, you mildly piss people off. Not a great best case. Honestly, why would you even start to blame Google for this? They could do the same thing with Alexa or anything else. Makes you wonder why they specifically targeted Google devices. james fuston Still happening on my Google Home Andy J That's odd - it's been blacklisted on Google's end - doesn't require any updates on your end. Glich Trusted voice is only a Partial fix. I have it on my phone yet Jeff Jarvis on this week in google sets off my phone at least once per show.. some times 4-5 times.. Ibrahim Yusuf It never triggers for me, not for any video on the internet. Not even my brother can activate the Assistent on my phone Jovic Corcega You have Trusted Voice turned on, that's why. Hogarth Ferguson It was pretty quick to be put down, but pretty clever while it lasted. I still wont buy a whopper, but tip my hat to them for the try. Deeco Burger King got Whoopered by Google lol Nick Nope. Still works. Andy J It was actually pretty cool when it worked. Much more interesting though is that it's been blocked using the ContentID system (like when you used to be able to say "listen to my tv" and within 5 seconds Google had returned results about the exact program I was watching, whether it was live, recorded 5 months ago or episode 1, series 1 of Buffy The Vampire Slayer via Netflix or even off my DVDs). The Verge reports that Google also blacklist their own adverts for the same reason - to prevent devices springing into life responding to the example commands in the advert. Now what is exciting / impressive - is the speed at which Google strips the background sound from the live stream of audio from your device, matches the fingerprint of the advert and then sends the command to the device to cancel the search. It's literally seconds. This bodes extremely well for their ability to identify which registered user is asking it a question before they have finished asking it - once multi user rolls out. Sukigu Where did you read it uses Content ID? If that's the case, it really does seem an incredibly powerful technology that I'm sure could have many other uses... Lev Bronshtein Sputtering goons and nerds are wound up too tight. Laugh, it's clown world. Andrexx Just another example why one should be able to customize the trigger phrase, and have the option to allow activation only by trained voices. fatlantis This was a brilliant idea for whoever their agency was. We're all just hating because we're still not over the creepy king mask. JG Considering all of the command processing is done at Google, they should be able to set up some kind of check for things like this in the future. If the same (well similar enough - each house will have different background noise) trigger is detected within a short time frame at multiple locations Google should automatically void out any active requests and blacklist the trigger. A few months back a news reporter in San Diego was doing a report on how a little girl ordered a $600+ dollhouse through the family's Amazon Echo and the parents didn't know until it showed up at the house a few days later. During the report, apparently several viewers had their Echo units triggered to order doll houses as well. Today it might just be news reporters or companies trying to get some free PR... But tomorrow it could, there could be more malicious intent. Maybe someone does a pirate radio broadcast over a popular morning talk show and says "Hey Google, call 1-900-XXX-Free"... Next thing you find out you have a 3hr call at $10/min on your phone bill... Sudev https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/957114a4de72bcc12221dad6c65a5a95cd776d09dfaa7eef26aac389531d82d4.png Someone saw it coming way before :p Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 130 1 Year Ago Today [Update: M5C14J For The Pixel C] Nexus Factory Images With April's Security Updates Are Now Available 2016/04/13 10:30am PDTApr 13, 2016 60 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google's Carrier Project Detailed In Leaked App - Pay-Per GB, Unused Data Refunds, In-App Service Activation, And More 2015/04/13 1:15pm PDTApr 13, 2015 34 3 Years Ago Today Pressy Plans To Ship Units To Kickstarter Backers In May, Design Changed To Add A Headphone Gripper 2014/04/13 5:24pm PDTApr 13, 2014 31 4 Years Ago Today Deal Alert: Unified Remote Just $0.99 In Celebration Of Second Anniversary (That's 70% Off) 2013/04/13 10:15pm PDTApr 13, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Pantech Element Rooted, Already has ClockworkMod Recovery 2012/04/13 4:29pm PDTApr 13, 2012 12 6 Years Ago Today NVIDIA Sets The Record Straight: "We Will Support All Tegra Devices As Long As Their Manufacturers Do" 2011/04/13 6:29pm PDTApr 13, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Motorola Releases Official Android Update Timeline 2010/04/13 9:09pm PDTApr 13, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 100 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 33 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.461s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Articles l l What is Game Mode in the Windows 10 Creators Update? What’s New in Windows 10’s Creators Update Can My Internet Provider Really Sell My Data? How Can I Protect Myself? How to Find Great Games for Your Low-Power PC or Laptop Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Create and Share Collaborative Albums in Google Photos By Jason Fitzpatrick on April 12th, 2017 Whether you want to share family photos with distant relatives or make a shared pool of vacation or event photos with friends, it’s easy to create and share collaborative albums in Google Photos. While there is no shortage of ways to share photos among your friends, Google Photos offers some pretty enticing reasons make it your photo sharing platform of choice. First off, there’s the simple ubiquity of Google accounts—practically everyone has one already and, if not, it’s free. Google Photos also offers features like unlimited photo storage, built-in social functions like commenting on albums and individual photos, facial and object recognition, a plethora of other features big and small. RELATED ARTICLES How to Use Google Photos to Store an Unlimited Amount of Photos 18 Things You May Not Have Known Google Photos Can Do In fact, we only have one real complaint to lodge about photo sharing through Google Photos. When you share an album, you can’t really limit who can see it. Google Photos creates a custom (and obfuscated) URL for each album and you share the album by sending people that URL. There’s no way to limit access to specific Google accounts. While the chances of someone guessing the long and obfuscated URL that points back to your shared album is minuscule, that doesn’t prevent the people with whom you share the URL from sharing it with others. We’d still prefer the additional security of login-restricted access. Hopefully, this is an issue that Google addresses in future updates to Google Photos. That minor complaint aside, Google Photos makes it super easy to share your pictures. Let’s jump right into creating a new album and enabling the sharing features. We’ll be walking you through the features using the Google Photos for iOS app, but the functionality is pretty much the same in the Android app. You should also be able to follow along easily if you’re using the web-based Google Photos interface, since the menu entries are all the same. Create and Share an Album in Google Photos To create your first shared album, fire up your Google Photos app and click the menu icon (three horizontal lines) in the search bar. In the menu, click “Shared” to access your shared album directory.   On the “Shared” page, click the + symbol in the lower right-hand corner to create an album. You’ll be prompted to select photos for the album—select as few as one or as many as you want, and then click “Next.”   Name your new album, and then click “Share.” You’ll see all kinds of sharing options, depending on what apps you have enabled for sharing. You can share the album with individual contacts, send the shared URL to your messaging app of choice, email a link to the album, and so on.   Although it isn’t immediately apparent here, we want to emphasize the point we brought up earlier. Google Photos sharing is not permissions-based. If you share your album with three of your friends, you’re not giving their three Google accounts permission to access the shared album. You’re just sending them the URL for the album. Yes, this URL is long and the chances of random people stumbling across it is pretty much zero. But, anyone with the URL can access your photos, meaning that the people you shared it with can easily share it with others. So, it’s in your best interest to keep sensitive photos out of shared albums and only share with people you trust. Manage Your Shared Album So, you’ve created your album and shared it. Now, let’s take a look at how to manage that album. If you just finished creating a new album, you’ll immediately land on that album’s page. If you’re coming back into the app, tap the “Albums” icon and then the “Shared” album thumbnail. You’ll see a list of all your shared albums (in our example, there’s just the “Pets” album we created in the last section). Tap the album you want to open.   Within the album, you’ll see a series of icons across the upper right corner. From left-to-right, they let you: Send the album to Chromecast as a slideshow Add photos to the album Make comments on the album Share the album with more people Access the album’s menu. The album’s menu lets you take actions like viewing recent activity, editing the album name, configuring sharing options, and deleting the album. The “Sharing options” page offers several additional options. You can grab a copy of the sharing link, see who’s been invited to view the album, toggle collaboration and commenting on or off, and—naturally—stop sharing the album. Stop Sharing an Album One of our favorite things about the sharing toggling in Google Photos is that if you stop sharing an album and then share it again later, the album is given a brand new, randomized URL (unlike the static URL that is permanently assigned to albums when you share an iCloud photo album). While you will lose comments and collaborative photos if you stop sharing an album, it is nice that you can share it again with a brand new URL if you need to, instead of deleting the entire album and rebuilding it from scratch. That’s all there is to it: you now have a shared and collaborative Google Photos album where your friends not only can see, for example, your vacation photos, but even add their own if their on the trip with you. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Jason Fitzpatrick is a warranty-voiding DIYer who spends his days cracking opening cases and wrestling with code so you don't have to. If it can be modded, optimized, repurposed, or torn apart for fun he's interested (and probably already at the workbench taking it apart). You can follow him on Twitter if you'd like. Published 04/12/17 DID YOU KNOW? Although the phrase “Elementary, my dear Watson” is deeply linked with the Sherlock Holmes literary series, at no point in the text does Holmes ever utter the phrase. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Maximize Your Kindle’s Battery (and Really Get a Month of Reading) How to Use SSH Tunnelling on Chrome OS How to Find and Remove Duplicate Files on Windows How to Fax a Document From Your Smartphone How Carriers and Manufacturers Make Your Android Phone’s Software Worse 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs Geek School: Learning Windows 7 – Managing Applications How to Pin Folders, Websites, Settings, Notes, and More to the Start Menu on Windows 10 Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Huawei starts tinkering on Android O version for the Mate 9 By Rei Padla - April 12, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter It hasn’t been a month yet since Google officially released the Android O Developer Preview but we’ve heard quite a few related news already. We were reminded that it is exclusive for the real Developers only so if you’re not one, don’t push it. We learned that Google partnered with Sony to bring Hi-Res audio technology to Android O. We also just found out that in Android O, SDCardFS will replace FUSE. Most of the possible Android O features we listed were confirmed while more apps are being updated to include the new OS including 1Password and LastPass. As for what devices will be upgraded to Android O, we don’t have any idea yet except for this Huawei Mate 9. Some XDA member shared with the developer community that the Taiwanese tech giant already began internal testing for the smartphone. Except for the Pixel and Nexus devices being tested for the next Android version, this Huawei Mate 9 is the first model we’ve heard to be gearing up for the next dessert. We don’t doubt there is truth to this but Huawei appears to be eager as the EMUI has been sighted to be updated for Android O already. We only have the image as shared in XDA. Details are scarce but the build is said to be pre-rooted but with non-working WiFi and Google Play Store. We’re assuming this is incomplete but it doesn’t matter at this point. There’s still more work to be done. We’re just glad that Huawei has begun working on Android O even only internally. Expect to hear related rumors in the coming weeks not only from Huawei but also from other OEMs. VIA: XDA Developers Story Timeline 1Password teases what Android O can bring to the service Android Dev team details features, advantages of Android O Dev Preview Android O’s ‘picture-in-picture’ mode can now be enabled LastPass to be updated for Android O, new API out soon Android O will be bringing the new SDCardFS to replace FUSE TAGS Android Android O EMUI Huawei Huawei Mate 9 Smartphone Rei Padla Must Read Huawei Honor 8 Pro Review: things you need to know LG G6 Review Here’s when and where you can get the Galaxy S8 in the US [UPDATE] Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 135,856FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 475,443FollowersFollow 60,703SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Contact Us Contests BCE: 60.87 +0.23 RCI-B: 60.17 +0.64 T: 44.72 +0.27 SJR-B: 28.66 +1.21 QBR-B: 41.50 -0.02 News Apr 12, 2017 5:46 PM EDTHuawei P10 and P10 Plus will launch first with Rogers in June Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDTGoogle Assistant code reveals multi-user support is coming soon Apr 12, 2017 4:09 PM EDTMicrosoft reveals Project Scorpio dev kits that hint at possible final... Apr 12, 2017 3:06 PM EDTRogers and Fido customers are experiencing issues with sending texts a... Apr 12, 2017 2:15 PM EDT‘Notification’ toggle found in Google Assistant’s se... Apr 12, 2017 1:47 PM EDTCanadian carriers offering up to $400 guaranteed trade-in value for th... Apr 12, 2017 1:30 PM EDTMicrosoft announces May 2 education-focused event Apr 12, 2017 1:29 PM EDT1.2 billion now use Facebook Messenger on a monthly basis Carriers Apr 12, 2017 3:06 PM EDTRogers and Fido customers are experiencing issues with sending texts a... Apr 12, 2017 1:47 PM EDTCanadian carriers offering up to $400 guaranteed trade-in value for th... Apr 12, 2017 10:46 AM EDTHere are all the changes to Canadian carrier rate plans this week Apr 12, 2017 9:15 AM EDTAlek Krstajic is stepping down as CEO of Freedom Mobile Apr 11, 2017 4:02 PM EDTRogers follows Bell and Telus in ending 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans Apr 10, 2017 3:36 PM EDTFido updates home internet packages following expansion of Virgin inte... Apr 6, 2017 7:10 PM EDTChamberland Commission reveals extent of cellular data requests made t... Apr 6, 2017 4:34 PM EDTCanadian national public alerting system to soon notify smartphones of... Manufacturers Apr 12, 2017 10:33 AM EDTBlackBerry awarded $815 million in arbitration from Qualcomm Apr 12, 2017 7:00 AM EDTGraphene is a durable electrode technology that could revolutionize fl... Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDTQualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Apr 6, 2017 1:25 PM EDTHuawei wins $15 million CAD patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung Apr 3, 2017 7:34 PM EDTLG, Samsung, Foxconn and more sign on to Google’s new ‘pat... Phones Apr 12, 2017 5:46 PM EDTHuawei P10 and P10 Plus will launch first with Rogers in June Apr 12, 2017 12:14 PM EDTThe ‘Galaxy X’ is rumoured to be Samsung’s foldable ... Apr 11, 2017 9:24 PM EDTSamsung says the Galaxy S8 will launch without Bixby Voice Apr 11, 2017 6:38 PM EDTTelus delays Samsung Galaxy S6 Nougat update to late April Apr 11, 2017 5:14 PM EDTApple releases second public beta of iOS 10.3.2 Apr 11, 2017 3:42 PM EDTLeak suggests Motorola will target low-end with new Moto C and Moto C ... Apr 11, 2017 8:51 AM EDTNew leak suggests OnePlus 5 will feature bezel-less QHD screen, Snapdr... Apr 10, 2017 8:45 AM EDTGoogle makes $880 million bid to secure curved OLED display supply for... Tablets Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Mar 21, 2017 8:59 AM EDTApple announces updated 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $449 CAD [Update: now... Wearables Apr 12, 2017 12:01 AM EDTTinker friendly Montreal-made Nex Band Evolution is now available for ... Apr 11, 2017 10:32 AM EDTAMD purchases Valve-backed wireless virtual reality company Nitero Apr 11, 2017 8:44 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Shazam joins the AR race Apr 10, 2017 8:56 PM EDTManitoba Public Insurance launches DRIVR-X VR experience to curb distr... Apr 10, 2017 7:06 PM EDTTake a VR trip through Drake’s mansion with the help of Opiats&#... Apr 10, 2017 5:27 PM EDTApple indicates VR is part of why its next Mac Pro needs to be more po... Apr 10, 2017 4:54 PM EDTToronto-based Globacore releases new Lemmings HoloLens demo Apr 10, 2017 2:49 PM EDTLG and New Balance announce Android Wear 2.0 for specific devices Virtual Reality Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apr 3, 2017 2:29 PM EDTHouse of VR is futuristic, art-focused and hopes to lead the charge in... Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM EDTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM EDTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM EDTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM EDTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM EDTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Apps/Games Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDTGoogle Assistant code reveals multi-user support is coming soon Apr 12, 2017 4:09 PM EDTMicrosoft reveals Project Scorpio dev kits that hint at possible final... Apr 12, 2017 2:15 PM EDT‘Notification’ toggle found in Google Assistant’s se... Apr 12, 2017 1:29 PM EDT1.2 billion now use Facebook Messenger on a monthly basis Apr 12, 2017 11:23 AM EDTUberPool now available in Brampton and Scarborough Apr 12, 2017 9:42 AM EDTDropbox on Android adds document scanning Apr 12, 2017 8:00 AM EDTGoogle’s new drawing tool helps you doodle better on your phone ... Apr 11, 2017 7:05 PM EDTUncharted: The Lost Legacy is set to drop on August 22 Automotive Apr 10, 2017 4:19 PM EDTUberSelect services and new Uber office opens in Calgary, Alberta Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Mar 29, 2017 9:18 AM EDTTransport Canada grants Drone Delivery Canada flight certificate to te... Mar 24, 2017 7:13 AM EDTToronto Transit Commission report explores the introduction of driverl... Accessories Apr 12, 2017 11:49 AM EDTQuebec-based Smartduvet launches orders for temperature controlled bla... Apr 12, 2017 11:07 AM EDTThe original mid 90s Tamagotchi is getting re-released with minor changes Apr 11, 2017 1:03 AM EDTAmazon Canada selling select SD Cards at up to 36 percent off Apr 10, 2017 1:04 PM EDTMake your own portable game console with Makerbuino [Sticky or Not?] Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Apr 5, 2017 2:50 PM EDTBelkin releases new USB-C DuraTek Kevlar Fiber Cable and other USB-C a... Apr 5, 2017 9:29 AM EDTAukey’s 30,000mAh battery pack is the perfect Nintendo Switch tr... Apr 4, 2017 4:29 PM EDTMonitor your furry friend’s comings and goings with the Microchi... Reviews Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Phones Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Mar 24, 2017 3:05 PM EDT(Product)Red iPhone 7 hands-on video and gallery Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Mar 26, 2017 2:56 PM EDTBuilt for Speed is the cutest little retro racing game you’ll ev... Mar 25, 2017 7:22 AM EDTEarn rewards by making healthy choices with Carrot Rewards [App of the... Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung goes all in on curved screens with new Galaxy S8 and S8+ models Mar 9, 2017 4:00 PM EDTHow three Canadian cities are trying to become smart cities Mar 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTBlackBerry wants its BlackBerry Secure badge to instill security confi... Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM EDTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Resources Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers How-to's Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Rate Plans Business Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Carriers Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Security & Privacy Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Mar 21, 2017 7:34 AM EDTToronto-based SecureKey partners with IBM on newly launched blockchain... Mar 14, 2017 9:30 PM EDTU.S. Department of Justice ready to arrest 4 people in Yahoo breach, i... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Apr 3, 2017 8:12 AM EDTBlackBerry shuts down support forums and directs users to CrackBerry Syrup Community Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 15, 2017 4:00 PM EDT64 percent of MobileSyrup readers feel smartphones should be unlocked ... Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill SyrupCast Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Con... Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions News PREVIOUS|NEXT Google Assistant code reveals multi-user support is coming soon By Dean Daley Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDT2017-04-12EDT16:38:24-04:002017-04-12EDT18:21:18-04:00 0 comments Google Assistant currently only features single user support, but with the most recent Google Beta app update, it appears that might soon change. Google Assistant reacts to the hot-word “OK Google,” but only for one person. With multi-user support a person can have a love one or family member activate Assistant. The Google Beta app recently showed a card announcing multi-user support, according to Android Authority. The card disappeared the following day, suggesting that Google added the card by accident. However, the most recent Google Beta update, 7.04, shows multi-user support is a possibility. Mishaal Rahman from XDA Developers did an APK teardown of the newest update and it revealed a feature that suggests registering multiple users to Google Assistant, states Android Authority. This would be an excellent addiction to Google Assistant, as it multi-user support allows another person to use the Assistant, and even unlock your phone. The APK teardown only suggests the possibility of Google registering only two voices though, even two-person support is still very useful. Rahman’s dig into the newest update also revealed other features that might be coming in the near future. A feature that may come to Google Home is the ability to rate the services provided by the Amazon Echo-like smart speaker. The APK teardown also reveals some sort of reference to something called ‘Bistro.’ There isn’t any substantial information about exactly what Bistro is, however, what Rahman did find was a phrase about notifications being “read aloud inside your headphones.” Source: Android Authority Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles Famous ‘Konami Code’ unlocks secret in Bank of Canada’s $10 bill website Graphene is a durable electrode technology that could revolutionize flexible displays Here are all the changes to Canadian carrier rate plans this week Tinker friendly Montreal-made Nex Band Evolution is now available for order Freedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,086,185 customers Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles News Mar 23, 2017 10:40 AM EDT Google Assistant has arrived on the OnePlus 3 and 3T News Mar 10, 2017 9:57 AM EDT Google is testing Assistant’s Canadian French capabilities News Apr 12, 2017 2:15 PM EDT ‘Notification’ toggle found in Google Assistant’s settings Comments Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Menu News Apr 12, 2017 5:46 PM EDTHuawei P10 and P10 Plus will launch first with Rogers in June Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDTGoogle Assistant code reveals multi-user support is coming soon Apr 12, 2017 4:09 PM EDTMicrosoft reveals Project Scorpio dev kits that hint at possible final... Apr 12, 2017 3:06 PM EDTRogers and Fido customers are experiencing issues with sending texts a... Apr 12, 2017 2:15 PM EDT‘Notification’ toggle found in Google Assistant’s se... Apr 12, 2017 1:47 PM EDTCanadian carriers offering up to $400 guaranteed trade-in value for th... Apr 12, 2017 1:30 PM EDTMicrosoft announces May 2 education-focused event Apr 12, 2017 1:29 PM EDT1.2 billion now use Facebook Messenger on a monthly basis All News Carriers Apr 12, 2017 3:06 PM EDTRogers and Fido customers are experiencing issues with sending texts a... Apr 12, 2017 1:47 PM EDTCanadian carriers offering up to $400 guaranteed trade-in value for th... Apr 12, 2017 10:46 AM EDTHere are all the changes to Canadian carrier rate plans this week Apr 12, 2017 9:15 AM EDTAlek Krstajic is stepping down as CEO of Freedom Mobile Apr 11, 2017 4:02 PM EDTRogers follows Bell and Telus in ending 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans Apr 10, 2017 3:36 PM EDTFido updates home internet packages following expansion of Virgin inte... Apr 6, 2017 7:10 PM EDTChamberland Commission reveals extent of cellular data requests made t... Apr 6, 2017 4:34 PM EDTCanadian national public alerting system to soon notify smartphones of... Manufacturers Apr 12, 2017 10:33 AM EDTBlackBerry awarded $815 million in arbitration from Qualcomm Apr 12, 2017 7:00 AM EDTGraphene is a durable electrode technology that could revolutionize fl... Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDTQualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Apr 6, 2017 1:25 PM EDTHuawei wins $15 million CAD patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung Apr 3, 2017 7:34 PM EDTLG, Samsung, Foxconn and more sign on to Google’s new ‘pat... Phones Apr 12, 2017 5:46 PM EDTHuawei P10 and P10 Plus will launch first with Rogers in June Apr 12, 2017 12:14 PM EDTThe ‘Galaxy X’ is rumoured to be Samsung’s foldable ... Apr 11, 2017 9:24 PM EDTSamsung says the Galaxy S8 will launch without Bixby Voice Apr 11, 2017 6:38 PM EDTTelus delays Samsung Galaxy S6 Nougat update to late April Apr 11, 2017 5:14 PM EDTApple releases second public beta of iOS 10.3.2 Apr 11, 2017 3:42 PM EDTLeak suggests Motorola will target low-end with new Moto C and Moto C ... Apr 11, 2017 8:51 AM EDTNew leak suggests OnePlus 5 will feature bezel-less QHD screen, Snapdr... Apr 10, 2017 8:45 AM EDTGoogle makes $880 million bid to secure curved OLED display supply for... Tablets Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Mar 21, 2017 8:59 AM EDTApple announces updated 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $449 CAD [Update: now... Wearables Apr 12, 2017 12:01 AM EDTTinker friendly Montreal-made Nex Band Evolution is now available for ... Apr 11, 2017 10:32 AM EDTAMD purchases Valve-backed wireless virtual reality company Nitero Apr 11, 2017 8:44 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Shazam joins the AR race Apr 10, 2017 8:56 PM EDTManitoba Public Insurance launches DRIVR-X VR experience to curb distr... Apr 10, 2017 7:06 PM EDTTake a VR trip through Drake’s mansion with the help of Opiats&#... Apr 10, 2017 5:27 PM EDTApple indicates VR is part of why its next Mac Pro needs to be more po... Apr 10, 2017 4:54 PM EDTToronto-based Globacore releases new Lemmings HoloLens demo Apr 10, 2017 2:49 PM EDTLG and New Balance announce Android Wear 2.0 for specific devices Virtual Reality Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apr 3, 2017 2:29 PM EDTHouse of VR is futuristic, art-focused and hopes to lead the charge in... Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM EDTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM EDTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM EDTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM EDTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM EDTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Apps/Games Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDTGoogle Assistant code reveals multi-user support is coming soon Apr 12, 2017 4:09 PM EDTMicrosoft reveals Project Scorpio dev kits that hint at possible final... Apr 12, 2017 2:15 PM EDT‘Notification’ toggle found in Google Assistant’s se... Apr 12, 2017 1:29 PM EDT1.2 billion now use Facebook Messenger on a monthly basis Apr 12, 2017 11:23 AM EDTUberPool now available in Brampton and Scarborough Apr 12, 2017 9:42 AM EDTDropbox on Android adds document scanning Apr 12, 2017 8:00 AM EDTGoogle’s new drawing tool helps you doodle better on your phone ... Apr 11, 2017 7:05 PM EDTUncharted: The Lost Legacy is set to drop on August 22 Automotive Apr 10, 2017 4:19 PM EDTUberSelect services and new Uber office opens in Calgary, Alberta Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Mar 29, 2017 9:18 AM EDTTransport Canada grants Drone Delivery Canada flight certificate to te... Mar 24, 2017 7:13 AM EDTToronto Transit Commission report explores the introduction of driverl... Accessories Apr 12, 2017 11:49 AM EDTQuebec-based Smartduvet launches orders for temperature controlled bla... Apr 12, 2017 11:07 AM EDTThe original mid 90s Tamagotchi is getting re-released with minor changes Apr 11, 2017 1:03 AM EDTAmazon Canada selling select SD Cards at up to 36 percent off Apr 10, 2017 1:04 PM EDTMake your own portable game console with Makerbuino [Sticky or Not?] Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Apr 5, 2017 2:50 PM EDTBelkin releases new USB-C DuraTek Kevlar Fiber Cable and other USB-C a... Apr 5, 2017 9:29 AM EDTAukey’s 30,000mAh battery pack is the perfect Nintendo Switch tr... Apr 4, 2017 4:29 PM EDTMonitor your furry friend’s comings and goings with the Microchi... Reviews Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future All Reviews Phones Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Mar 24, 2017 3:05 PM EDT(Product)Red iPhone 7 hands-on video and gallery Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... All Features Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Mar 26, 2017 2:56 PM EDTBuilt for Speed is the cutest little retro racing game you’ll ev... Mar 25, 2017 7:22 AM EDTEarn rewards by making healthy choices with Carrot Rewards [App of the... Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung goes all in on curved screens with new Galaxy S8 and S8+ models Mar 9, 2017 4:00 PM EDTHow three Canadian cities are trying to become smart cities Mar 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTBlackBerry wants its BlackBerry Secure badge to instill security confi... Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM EDTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Resources Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers All Resources How-to's Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Rate Plans Business Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices All Business Carriers Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Security & Privacy Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Mar 21, 2017 7:34 AM EDTToronto-based SecureKey partners with IBM on newly launched blockchain... Mar 14, 2017 9:30 PM EDTU.S. Department of Justice ready to arrest 4 people in Yahoo breach, i... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Apr 3, 2017 8:12 AM EDTBlackBerry shuts down support forums and directs users to CrackBerry Syrup Community Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 15, 2017 4:00 PM EDT64 percent of MobileSyrup readers feel smartphones should be unlocked ... Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill All Syrup Community SyrupCast Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Con... Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: The ‘new Google Earth’ will be revealed on April 18 Newsby John Callaham8 hours ago 4 201 21 Google is making preparations to announce a major new update for its Google Earth service. The company has sent out press invites to attend a media event on April 18, where the company will reveal what it says will be the “new Google Earth.” See also: How to use your Google Maps offline 3 weeks ago The news was first reported by The Next Web, who noted that the invite did not offer any more details or hints about what the new Google Earth will be like. It did mention that the event is being held just four days before the annual Earth Day celebrations on April 22. The service, which offers a way for anyone to view highly detailed satellite images of the Earth in a simulation of the globe, originally launched in 2001 under the name EarthViewer 3D. Fun fact: the company that made it was called Keyhole, which happened to be funded by the CIA. Google acquired Keyhole and EarthViewer 3D in 2004 and renamed the service Google Earth in 2005. Since then it has added a number of features, including a way to view the solar system and other astronomical bodies, along with integrating Street View from the company’s Google Maps service. It’s possible Google will show off an overhaul of Google Earth’s user interface next week. We might even see some more virtual reality features added as well. What do you think the new Google Earth will be like? Let us know in the comments! News Google Maps, Google Earth Google Earth, Google Maps  The Next Web John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 4 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   LG G6 International Giveaway! 4 days ago52 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Man stabbed about a dozen times identified Spurs set to open Memphis series at 7 p.m. Saturday Late charge boosts Utah to 101-97 victory over Spurs Reagan girls, Johnson boys pull away for 26-6A track titles Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace First Paxton trial set for Sept. 12 in Houston Man stabbed about a dozen times identified Judge backs lawyers’ claim that D.A. in San Antonio made Officers arrest three more students in La Vernia hazing scandal US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Man, 2 daughters dead after 911 call, car fire, police shots AP Interview: Top US Catholic bishop plans for Trump meeting Scientists seek holy grail of climate change in Oman's hills 50 years after war, settlements blur future borders Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Silicon San Antonio? Hulu expands California operations to Alamo Dan Parman, San Antonio developer who built Stone Oak, dies at 81 San Antonio’s NuStar Energy joins Permian rush with $1.5 Burger King’s Whopper gets prank Wikipedia edits in ad gag Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Postgame Wrap: Spurs fall in season finale; offense a concern? Spurs’ Gasol joins 20K club Postgame Wrap: Spurs fall in season finale; offense a concern? Baseball: Wednesday’s high school results Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Review: Southtown’s Azúca can’t overcome its lows 365 Days of Tacos: Week 14 roundup Southtown Pig Stand to be home of new burger joint in May Where to eat this Easter in San Antonio Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Morrissey cancels third straight San Antonio concert ’Maniacs finally make it to Gruene Hall Book review: African-American WWII soldiers were executed by the Book review: Immigrants discover magic doors in ‘Exit West’ Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Kauai: Hanalei’s enchanting spell Texas husband's hilarious 'dudeoir' photo shoot is apparently 4 easy, no-sew DIY dog costumes for Fiesta Head to the High Desert for the Best UFO Sightings Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Insurance bills threaten Texas property owners Trump’s missile attack on Syria changes nothing Let’s talk about Russia’s real stooge — Obama Your Turn: April 13 Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Hyundai rolls out 58-mpg Ioniq Hybrid for 2017, with a starting Chrysler’s new Pacifica minivan is here for 2017, with prices Redesigned 2018 Chevy Equinox crossover now arriving at dealers, Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Million-dollar teachers: Cashing in by selling their lessons San Antonio mayoral candidates square off at manufacturing debate H-E-B now largest private employer in Texas with 100,000 workers Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/article/Google-Fiber-to-remove-controversial-fiber-11069430.php Google Fiber to remove controversial ‘fiber hut’ By Josh Baugh Updated 10:55 pm, Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Photo: Kin Man Hui, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 1of/5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 Siblings Anna (left) and Erin Franklin walk by a Google Hut in Haskin Park on Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Their mother and Oak Park Northwood Homeowners Association member Cynthia Franklin is disappointed by the location of the Google Hut which was placed in Haskin Park near her home. She used to be able to look past her chain-link fence and see her kids playing on a playscape in the little park. Now, however, the hut blocks her view. She and others like fellow homeowner John Whitsett are upset and say the city violated its own ordinances in allowing Google to install the network building there. Among other things, they say, it violates rules about fencing, noise and construction. (Kin Man Hui/San Antonio Express-News) less Siblings Anna (left) and Erin Franklin walk by a Google Hut in Haskin Park on Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Their mother and Oak Park Northwood Homeowners Association member Cynthia Franklin is disappointed by the ... more Photo: Kin Man Hui, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 2 of 5 Oak Park Northwood Homeowners Association members Cynthia Franklin (right) and John Whitsett chat near the Google Hut in Haskin Park on Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. They are disappointed by the location of the Google Hut which was placed in Haskin Park. Franklin used to be able to look past her chain-link fence and see her kids playing on a playscape in the little park. Now, however, the hut blocks her view. She and Whitsett are upset and say the city violated its own ordinances in allowing Google to install the network building there. Among other things, they say, it violates rules about fencing, noise and construction. (Kin Man Hui/San Antonio Express-News) less Oak Park Northwood Homeowners Association members Cynthia Franklin (right) and John Whitsett chat near the Google Hut in Haskin Park on Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. They are disappointed by the location of the ... more Photo: Kin Man Hui, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 3 of 5 Mayor Ivy Taylor welcomes Mark Strama, head of Google Fiber Texas, to the stage during a press conference held Wednesday Aug. 5, 2015 at Geekdom. Google Fiber announced it is expanding its fiber network to San Antonio, launching a major project to improve broadband speed from an average of 11.9 megabit per second, to a "Gigabit" of 1,000 megabits per second, for the residents of the City. less Mayor Ivy Taylor welcomes Mark Strama, head of Google Fiber Texas, to the stage during a press conference held Wednesday Aug. 5, 2015 at Geekdom. Google Fiber announced it is expanding its fiber network to San ... more Photo: Julysa Sosa For the San Antonio Express-News Image 4 of 5 Mayor Ivy Taylor poses, Mark Strama, head of Google Fiber Texas, and Lorenzo Gomez, Director of Geekdom, after a press conference held Wednesday Aug. 5, 2015 at Geekdom. Google Fiber announced it is expanding its fiber network to San Antonio, launching a major project to improve broadband speed from an average of 11.9 megabit per second, to a "Gigabit" of 1,000 megabits per second, for the residents of the City. less Mayor Ivy Taylor poses, Mark Strama, head of Google Fiber Texas, and Lorenzo Gomez, Director of Geekdom, after a press conference held Wednesday Aug. 5, 2015 at Geekdom. Google Fiber announced it is expanding ... more Photo: Julysa Sosa For the San Antonio Express-News Image 5 of 5 Mayor Ivy Taylor poses with Mark Strama, head of Google Fiber Texas, after a press conference held Wednesday Aug. 5, 2015 at Geekdom. Google Fiber announced it is expanding its fiber network to San Antonio, launching a major project to improve broadband speed from an average of 11.9 megabit per second, to a "Gigabit" of 1,000 megabits per second, for the residents of the City. less Mayor Ivy Taylor poses with Mark Strama, head of Google Fiber Texas, after a press conference held Wednesday Aug. 5, 2015 at Geekdom. Google Fiber announced it is expanding its fiber network to San Antonio, ... more Photo: Julysa Sosa For the San Antonio Express-News Google Fiber to remove controversial ‘fiber hut’ 1 / 5 Back to Gallery Google Fiber is significantly reducing the number of “fiber huts” needed to house its infrastructure and will remove one of the controversial structures that has upset residents. Mark Strama, Google Fiber’s regional director for West/SW Sales and Business Organization, told the San Antonio Express-News in an exclusive interview Wednesday that evolving technology has changed the landscape. The company will also be using a new trenching method to bury its fiber-optic lines, allowing it to speed up construction of the network while being less intrusive in the community. When Google initially announced that it would bring its service here and contracted with the city for access to municipally owned property, it had planned to install some 40 fiber huts, though later reduced that number to 17. The huts contain needed infrastructure that aids in connectivity. Google has installed two so far, much to the consternation of critics upset with their locations: Haskin and East End parks. Other proposed locations include at public-safety facilities and libraries. “We can get by with far fewer huts because of advancements (in technology),” Strama said. “One site we no longer need a hut at is Haskin Park.” San Antonio is one of a handful of U.S. cities selected for Google Fiber, which requires the installation of all-new infrastructure. But concerns have been raised over the size of the huts, which are the size of a small house — about 12 feet wide, 30 feet long and 9 feet tall. Residents also complained about constructions noise and inconvenience. As the firm moved to the construction phase, officials said they needed to install only 17 huts. Earlier this year, the city paused further construction so it could vet the sites it had already approved. Meanwhile, Google was busy testing new technology that would render the need for 17 huts moot. Mayor Ivy Taylor has met at least three times this year with Google officials — twice in San Antonio and once in Washington, D.C. “We’ve enjoyed a strong relationship with Google Fiber and appreciate their willingness to continue to work with us to create a fiber network that fits our community,” Taylor said. In the next few months, the hut at Haskin Park will be removed and replaced with a cabinet, which typically fits within public right of way and ranges in size from an air-conditioning compressor to a small refrigerator, Strama said. Moving forward, installation of the fiber-optic lines should be smoother as well, Strama added. Google has been criticized for damaging utilities as its contractors install some 4,000 miles of fiber optic cable in San Antonio. Google has also taken heat from city officials, who in the past have said the California-based firm dropped the ball on communicating with residents. City Manager Sheryl Sculley noted in an email to council members earlier this year that the company “fell short of their committed obligations to properly inform neighborhood residents about the construction schedule.” And despite council approval, some officials were bothered by plans to lease park space to Google. In construction that’s been under way since April 2016, Google has faced “challenges” typical of major infrastructure projects, Strama said. When the cable goes underground, Google has to bore horizontally at about three feet beneath the surface — the same depth as other utilities. The machines are loud and drilling through rock, ubiquitous in San Antonio, is time consuming. And though workers work with utility maps to avoid striking existing utilities, it still happens, Strama said. But Google has tested “micro-trenching” — a method that is far less invasive, quicker and doesn’t require the same depth as typical utilities — in Austin to great success, the Google official said. In 300 miles of micro-trenching, the company hasn’t struck an existing utility once, he said. And construction crews are able to get in and out of neighborhoods quicker. The shift in deployment strategy, Strama said, will “be great in reducing friction and disruption” common in large-scale projects. Outgoing District 10 Councilman Mike Gallagher, who faced criticism from some of his constituents for not blocking the fiber hut from Haskin Park, said Google’s new plan will ensure residents can access the Internet service while having their park preserved. “Technology is ever-changing, and we are proud to help keep San Antonio at the forefront of fiber deployment,” he said. “The goal has always been to work toward a solution that not only benefits our community around Haskin Park, but also the 40,000 residents served by the fiber backbone. I am pleased to see that our collective efforts made that goal a reality.” jbaugh@express-news.net Twitter: @jbaugh     The Latest Spurs end season with losing streak Man stabbed about a dozen times was 58 Stone Oak developer dies at 81 Police: Texas softball coach had sex 10 times with student Suit accuses 14 in Texas State student's killing at frat party Judge backs lawyers’ claim that Bexar D.A. made threats Grieving mother shares heartbreaking photo of her 4-year-old... USAA’s Brouillette is Trump pick for No. 2 at Energy Department San Antonio dating scene is pretty average, study says Notable San Antonians name their favorite Fiesta events House panel passes sanctuary cities bill La Vernia hazing scandal involved 3 sports programs Lawsuit over hazing hits La Vernia School District Texas Rangers to take over La Vernia hazing, sex assault case New look for the Alamo revealed Construction projects that will transform downtown How San Antonio looked the decade you were born Texas husband goes viral with 'dudeoir' photos Surprising Photoshop secrets of Victoria's Secret Engagement shoot takes epic turn after break up Wife of church bus driver killed in crash found dead in home Records: Driver was on pills, had drugs in truck when he hit bus Photos of victims in fatal Leakey bus crash released Recent Breaking News SAPD: Witnesses find man suffering from multiple stab wounds... 7-vehicle wreck briefly closes down Loop 410 on West Side Father of Texas State student dragged to death accuses 14... Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    Breaking news    Morning headlines    Today's most-read stories    Evening headlines    Traffic alerts    Weather alerts    Politics news & alerts    Border & Mexico news & alerts    Obituaries EMAIL: Click here to sign up for Sports, Neighborhoods and more Email Alerts. Most Popular 1 Wife of church bus driver killed in South Texas crash found... 2 Mugshots: La Vernia athletics hazing scandal arrests climb to 13 3 Details in Alamo plan show museum with rooftop garden, canals,... 4 Pot found in truck that hit church bus near Leakey, DPS says 5 'Hundreds of condoms' destroy pipe, police raid Texas massage... 6 Boy, 8, drives sister, 4, to McDonald's for a cheeseburger,... 7 Judge backs lawyers’ claim that D.A. in San Antonio made... 8 Silicon San Antonio? Hulu expands California operations to... 9 Police say Texas softball coach had sex 10 times with... 10 Sex with 12-year-old student gets teacher 10 years in prison 11 The wife of the Alabama governor who just resigned... 12 Texas husband's hilarious 'dudeoir' photo shoot is apparently... 13 USAA sets $16 minimum wage, expands parental leave benefits 14 Here's what airlines legally owe you if you're bumped off a... 15 Father of Texas State student dragged to death accuses 14... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 60 Plus 1 on G+ 105 Share on Facebook 79 Share on Twitter Total Shares244 Applications Google News When Google Assistant was first introduced, you could ask it to add items to your personal shopping list. This would create a note called 'Google Assistant shopping list' in Google Keep, and you could easily manage your list from the Keep app (or web app). It makes sense that your shopping list would be in the same app as your notes, right? Apparently not to Google, because two days ago, a support article was updated to say the shopping list is moving out of Keep. Why? Because the new list ties into Google Express, so you can order what you need in fewer steps. That doesn't make the change any less stupid, but that's the reason.    When you ask Assistant to add something to your list, it is now added to the Google Express shopping list. You can actually have multiple shopping lists, and set any of them as the default. You can also share lists with other Google accounts, and they can easily add or remove items (which was a bit buggy with Keep lists). You might notice that some items (like the Vitamin Water in the above screenshot) have a tiny umbrella icon. When you tap it, it will link you to the product on Google Express. I guess that's useful? But there are some major problems with this implementation too. Unless you have the Google Express app installed, your shopping list is opened in a Chrome Custom Tab. Google could have easily added this to the Google app, but they didn't. One of my favorite aspects of the Keep list was being able to check items off with my watch (through the Android Wear Keep app). Even if you have the Express app installed, there's no way to access the list from Android Wear. In addition, adding items to the shopping list through Google Now still adds them to Keep. So in summary, the new shopping list implementation is two steps forward, one step back. Feel free to vent your frustration in the comments below. Tags google assistant google express google keep keep shopping shopping list subscribe ... Previous Story Sling brings the Cloud DVR feature to Android and Roku devices ... Next Story [Update: Message gone] Google Home app says multiple users are now supported Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments Josh Crumley I don't make shopping lists exclusively to shop via Google Express. Stupid move. Corbin Davenport Yeah, that's my main problem with this. I used the shopping list for non-online purchases, while this clearly oriented for online shopping. Todd Johnson Agreed... So I can go grocery shopping and tick stuff off! Marilyndivey Google is paying $97 per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !ft223c: On monday I got a great new mclaren f1 from having earned $12778 this last four weeks.. 3 to 5 hours of work a day... Weekly paychecks... Bonus opportunities...Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ft223c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs663TopSociety/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!ft223c:....,..... Chris Sanner It's okay. I'm plenty ticked off. Teja Common, Its just an option. You can ignore it completely but removing keep integration is something we need to worry about. akshay7394 That's his point, though. Removing keep integration made it much harder to use for anybody that uses this primarily for grocery (read: *offline*) shopping javier rodriguez I vow here and now to Never purchase an item from Google Express... Unless they add YouTube red to the stupid yearly charge. whispy_snippet Never even heard of Google Express because it's not actually available in Australia. So now my Google Assistant shopping list in Keep has been gimped because... no reason at all. Todd Johnson That's what I thought when I was reading this article... What the F@&% is Google Express, look it up and yeah good work Google, change a feature that people use to something that people don't use... They are releasing the Google Home in the UK and it doesn't look like Google Express is available there? So what, UK users won't be able to use the feature? I bought a Google Home about 1.5weeks ago and am waiting for it to arrive. Yay! Upon reading the below comments, I suppose we could name a list as Coles list or Woolies List... But that is such a stupid work around! EDIT: And it's a monthly subscription!!!! "Google Express membership is $10/month or $95/year after your trial." - https://www.google.com/express/u/0/about Alex To be honest, the only difference for those of us without Express is that it opens up the shopping list in Chrome instead of Keep. That's a bit disadvantageous, but I'm also the only person I know that even knows Keep exists, let alone uses it, so nothing will significantly change. It's a weird move to tie it to this app/service that isn't even available in the region that they just launched Home in, though. I don't really follow why, if they were going to do anything, they didn't just make it a part of the Google Home app itself. All they've done is remove one bodge of tying it to another app/service and changed it to another bodge of tying it to another app/service - except this app can't even be downloaded here... akshay7394 > That's a bit disadvantageous, but I'm also the only person I know that even knows Keep exists, let alone uses it, so nothing will significantly change. I strongly disagree. What about offline-syncing? This current implementation always opens a chrome custom tab. I, for example, would always use it such that I'd note what I needed and then, later, refer to Keep (which has it sync'd offline) to see and check-off what I need and bought. Alvar Lagerlof It is possible till make offline websites. But they haven't Alex I'd assume the app previously opened Keep up in a browser too if you didn't have it installed (which would seem to be more common than not, from my anecdotal experience) - so for a lot of people it won't be any different. It's surprising that they wouldn't use Chrome's offline ability though. Has anyone actually tested it to find out? xxTheGoDxx Google Keep has 100 to 500 million users... tabguy2 Since that's the "only difference" what you're saying is that I'll still be able to see the list on my Android Wear watch? demarcmj FWIW, the price is competitive with Amazon Prime. That doesn't solve the availability issue of course. Cory S Prime offers a whole lot more than shipping. Express doesn't even scratch the surface of product availability, or benefits. If they tossed in Red, and Play Music, it be somewhat comparable...but even then. demarcmj Some people may find the overnight or sometimes same day delivery outweighs or at least balances the difference in number of products. Plus, you can get groceries from this, which Amazon charges extra for and doesn't even have competitive prices on. I'd say for the shipping aspect at least, the services both have pros and cons and which one is "better" would depend on the needs of the person. I'll give you the fact that Prime has a bunch of other services bundled in with it, but I suspect that a large percentage of people don't even use those. Cory S Express doesn't offer any perishable good on the grocery front...So it's of limited use there. Amazon doesn't charge extra for prime now which includes far more in the grocery selection area. It just has a minimum purchase price of 20 dollars. However, it does have a tip suggestion (which is optional) which I find annoying. PAY YOUR DRIVERS AMAZON. demarcmj All true... although Prime Now is only available in a small number of major cities. My point in comparing it to prime was simply directed at Todd Johnson's incredulity that "it's a monthly subscription!!!!" (four exclamation points). Of course it's a monthly subscription! bekifft Do yourself a favor and return it / cancel the order while you can. Jon Edge I would demand my money back. Oh wait... whispy_snippet Ha, well played. xxTheGoDxx Nor in Germany, nor anywhere else outside the US. OK Google, WTF? h4rr4r You know how hard it is to make services work upside down? It takes time. MatchstickMan Great, now my shopping list isn't easily accessible by the Keep widget on one of my home screens and I now have to open Home, click the sidebar menu, then select shopping list and wait for the Chrome tab to load up! Thanks, Google! rh I just tell Google to remind me next ti e I'm at a Walmart to get bread coffee razors and if I think of other stuff I tell Google again to remind me to get shaving cream ,surgery and milk, then when I pull into said parking lot I get a text reminder of what I need,..boom done and done Hayden Pearce > "and if I think of other stuff I tell Google again to remind me to get shaving cream ,surgery and milk" "OK, Google. Remind me to get surgery." rh :) MatchstickMan That's a nice workaround, but obviously not ideal... Cory S Meh, those location based reminders seem to work 1 out of 5 times for me, and in this case it isn't that useful if it did work. If I am at the store I don't need to be reminded I have a list...I need a good list app that ideally is shareable and syncs with the person shopping with me. Teja "Okay Google, show me my shopping list" should work though. Anyways I also prefer Keep integration as the list can be a shared list. MatchstickMan Ah shit, using voice assistant? That's actually a pretty good point, I'll keep that in mind. Teja Damn! you're good at sarcasm. I just gave you an alternative for "I now have to open Home, click the sidebar menu, then select shopping list and wait for the Chrome tab to load up!" I do agree that a Google Keep widget is a simpler way to access the list rather than a voice command. Especially when you have people around, as it would be awkward to talk to your phone. :P MatchstickMan Haha! I really didn't mean for it to come off as maliciously sarcastic as I'm now reading it. I sincerely never considered it! Teja Haha. Its sounded like that to me. Anyways thanks for the clarification :P nside1 The Google app (Google search box widget) still allows me to add items to my Google keep shopping list, will that change? Corbin Davenport No idea. Nicolas Finn From the article: "In addition, adding items to the shopping list through Google Now still adds them to Keep." David Hyman Hopefully this evolves quickly into something great. Adding a widget and launcher shortcuts should make getting there very easy. And if this allows me to better manage the items on my list I'm all in. I really want to be able to ask is peanut butter on my list and have assistant say "yes" instead of just reading me my entire list Grey So "hope all the lost functionality is restored"? David Hyman Yep, pretty much all of us can hope for at this point dylan-m Of course, not living in the United States, I don't have the Google Express app. (Not that most people do anyway). So I get the dumb website instead. First thing I notice is you can add other lists. Interesting. And yet if I say "add foo to my to do list" it adds to a new list in Google Keep anyway. So apparently this feature only applies to lists with names like "shopping list." Brilliant, Google. Top notch interface design, as ever. Lateef Alabi-Oki I heard Google services killed the first born children of the Google Assistant team. That's why they don't like integrating with Google services. It's personal for them. Booyabobby I rather the list stay on Keep. supersanborn The original clunky approach of being unable to use an existing keep shopping lift has been made clunkier. Guess I'll keep not using this feature. D13H4RD2L1V3 This is stupid. I used Keep because it was really useful for grocery shopping in the usual supermarket. Grey Nope you have to buy from Google Express. Also, not telling you what Google Express is. newtonfb God dammit. I'm going to get slammed with messages tomorrow from friends and family asking what's going on and why did they change it....And I have no answer for them. I really do hate Google when they do shit like this. Already give us the option to keep using Keep. bozzykid I guess Google is really desperate to push Google Express that they don't care how terrible it makes Google Assistant. Great job Google! Nick I never understood why it was in keep in the first place so this makes more sense. pfmiller Because Keep is meant for keeping notes and lists. Seems pretty obvious to me. Who on Earth would think to go to the Google Home app for their shopping list? Paul_Werner Meh, I'll stick to Flipp for my shopping list/coupons/grocery store maps Hypnotoad I don't think I've been this pissed with Google since Allo... What the hell!? I don't want to use Google Express, I never signed up for it and I don't have the app, please put my shopping list back in Google keep!!! I can add to my keep shopping list via Google now, but not the assistant, what the hell is wrong with this!? Sir_Brizz Two steps sideways, two steps back. Seth Merritt Should be one step forward, two steps back. Hexlattice It's like it's not even forward at all... One step to the side, one fall down a cliff. m-p{3} If I can't use Google Keep to manage that list on a desktop and more importantly make it shared with a relative living in the same HOME, then Google fucked up. ngwoo I love it when something called an "assistant" stops providing assistance. This is probably the stupidest change Google ever made - at least let us choose which list to use. Good_Ole_Pinocchio Being an Android Site you guys should be used to Google going 2 steps forward and 1 step back. It's called Job Security. Marty McWong Just as an aside, are many Nexus 5X/6P owners are still waiting for Assistant to roll out? I've yet to receive it, and if it makes a difference I'm on 7.1.2 (via the beta), no root and with an apparently up to date (7.6.08...) Play Store... Grey Check your settings Marty McWong Oh, re-reading the original AP article (http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/03/02/google-assistant-coming-android-6-0-devices/) I see they mention checking language settings... Mine is set to English UK, so that's probably it (I'll check after work), thanks! Grey "Can't we just add Google Express support to Keep?" "You're fired." create812 Get your logic out of here! Kevin Sword relevant CoffeeZombie I like Keep. I have a shared shopping list on Keep with my wife. We can both add things to it and take things off that we've bought. We both have access to it at the store. I could use it from my watch while at the store, which was always nice. Google Now knew how to add items to this shared list, too. It was super convenient. "Oh, we're out of milk! Okay, Google, add milk to my shopping list." Done! Then Assistant came. I tried adding an item to the shopping list...and it created a new Google Assistant shopping list in Keep. WTF? I already have a shopping list, that's what I want to use. So, basically, I guess this doesn't affect me at this point because I've already had my nice, voice-activated shopping list taken away from me. I'll just stick with manually adding things in Keep and remembering back in 2004 when Google was cool... Rob Using Voice Search (Google Now) you can still add items to Keep! Abhimanyu Seth Since I found wunderlist, never looked at another app for shopping lists! Jose Romero More renewed focus on Google Express. This gives me a little bit more hope that Google might one day make a "Google Prime" that at least includes Google Express, Google Movies, and Google Music in the yearly subscription cost. Wynnded Keep app just got an update, lol. James Briano "OK, Google, add an iPhone to my shopping list." Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ No kidding. I'm getting more and more tempted to switch. Indefinite Implosion As someone with a work iPhone and only a Nexus 4 that has no SIM and little battery, don't. I miss Android. There's so many things about Android that I miss and have no good replacement for (such as Nine mail for Exchange). Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ My kids have iPhones and I think they're terrific. I'd be happy with one, only I really like the S Pen too much to switch. But if Google pisses me off enough, I will switch. JD Do it you'll feel better, way less frustrated. Portzblitz You CAN'T use Google Express in about 5,292 US cities, sooo.. Is the wisdom of this intentionally hidden from us, or does this really, truly do no one- including Google- any good? b_boogey_xl *rabble rabble rabble* this one change ruins everything. how will I go on with life, my shopping list is ruined… *rabble rabble rabble* 🙄 disqus_3Gy5bmHRAv Yet another example of Google's haphazard policies towards apps. Android has become a complete frustration. The apps work differently on different devices, an app can be killed off at any minute based on a whim and important apps do not get enough attention because of Google's philosophy: Try everything, master nothing. Teja I need an option to add tasks to a to do list in keep through Google Assistant. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher R.I.P. shopping with my watch :-( http://i.imgur.com/RuHrQnK.jpg There is still a way, much more complicated: 1. Make sure NOT to install Google Express 2. Open shopping list on the phone 3. Select all → Copy 4. Open Google Keep 5. Create new list 6. Paste 7. Remove extra line spacing → Now you can still use your watch in the store. Thank you Google. DragoCubed It makes total sense for a shopping list to be in keep. Google is trying to make itself a mess. I shouldn't be used to this Google, I shouldn't be afraid to recommend a Google messaging app. James Bray I am in the UK, and I'm not able to download the Google Express App, so I need to use the website. This wouldn't be the end of the world if I could get any mobile service in my local supermarket! With this change, they effectively just removed this feature from me entirely. I only set it up on the 6th because that's when the Home came out! Annoyed! Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher See my other comment, you can still copy/paste the list to Keep Tamil Arasan A new assistant for me making things simple!!! Stefan Weißhampel It's a stupid move, especially for international users who simply use the US assistant because it is a few steps ahead of the several international versions. I'm not going to order eggs from the US. Empraim can the new shopping list give me location based notifications like Keep could? It was the best feature that my phone would buzz, giving me my shopping list as I entered the supermarket Filipe Santos They make a move thinking on everyone but in the end Google Express only exist on a very very few countries.... Filipe Santos Ok Google stop being an asshole and release Google assistant for everyone myssi How about they had updated Google Keep to have a little Google Express badge on any list item buyable from express while person in supported country and zip area?? Now even on saying "Create a list" on Google Assitant makes a Google Express list -___- Chicachica Wow what a load of crap, they took an awesome feature and instead of improving it, made it much worse. I sent feedback in the apps. Hopefully when enough people bitch like that they will change it back... Jason Pagliaro Sent detailed feedback as well. Unlikely that we'll see any change but worth a shot. Crossstick Ten thumbs down. It was perfect as a Keep interface. Now we have to manually enter items in a Keep shopping list. Brilliant, Google. Albert R I think you got that reversed: this is one step forward, two steps back. Albert R Just like killing of reader, the Hangouts chrome extension, and when they stopped using xmpp for chat. They really need better product direction/someone with common sense. makapav You're giving them too much credit - they actually lack any product direction. David Dalrymple This was not a well - thought decision. I hope Google rethinks this decision. bdbplatano Google is the dumbest smart company out there Martin Send your ANGRY thoughts to Google from the Assistant's FEEDBACK :-))) Let them know at least how much they SUCK... :-))) P.S: Don't expect change, it's not like Google ever gives a sh*t about their users... They are just dumb and ignorant most of the time :) makapav Feedback? I have up on it years ago. All that Hangouts feedback went to shit. They came up with Allo. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Obvious attempt to get you to shop using Google Express instead of Amazon. SavageJeep and... Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ And it won't work. All this will do is piss off people who used Keep for shopping lists. SavageJeep I use Express. I use Amazon. Ordering stuff off my list makes sense. That is their intent and yes it is a business decision. EDIT: spelling Bodah My biggest complaint is that you can no longer reorder the list. In my usage, I would add items throughout the week, and then reorder the list based on the layout of the store before I left. That way I wouldn't be going from one end of the store to the other because I happened to add grapes at the end of the week. demarcmj You realize that's not an "umbrella icon" right? Graham Newman I was already disliking the way that assistant added reminders were not added to keep. But im a new convert from iOS. I thought keep was great at keeping reminders gathered in one place rather than spread all over my calendar but I just need to try to get used to it. I don't like the cal app much. Metal_Link Disappointed for the same reason as the author... Can't see my list on my watch. Ugh. Navarr Barnier two forward, one back? This is more like one forward two back. Aaron Dishman https://giphy.com/gifs/superstore-lauren-ash-26ueYRXkmpTVsB7K8 Kakairo It looks like I can share the list if I view it in a web browser, but not when I view it in Google Express. The hell? This was one of our most used features in the house, it will take a lot of getting used to. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ The Google giveth and the Google taketh away. Blessed be the name of the Google. (This change is a transparent attempt to compete with Amazon.) create812 What is Google Express? Why can't I see my list on my watch? Why can't I check items off? How can my SO and I collaborate on the same shopping list? Oh no Google WHAT! is you doing? Roberto Virga "... have a tiny umbrella icon" From "don't be evil" to "resident evil": Google has now become Umbrella Corp. :D JD I can imagine the Google Lunch room now. You got different cliques sitting at different tables. None of them are allowed to sit in different cliques, you sit with your own and that's it. You got the G-Home Table, The Android Table, Android Wear table etc, G-Apps. Each one planning how to shank the other like in a prison. Then you have the guys who are in charge of Adopting Material design in to G-Apps walking around outside like giant chickens pecking at the ground crowing randomly at passerbys. Roy So they're basically removing the two things that I love about using keep for this: Android Wear Sharing the list with my wife (her phone has yet to get google assistant and neither of us can get the Google Express app). Good job Google. It must be nice to be able to consistently ignore and piss off your users because we're not really your customers, your advertisers are. Well, I hope one day you realize that your products will move to greener pastures when a company comes around that can do what you do but doesn't see us as widgets to be sold to advertisers, but as people that are the foundation of your income. Advertisers won't pay you a dime if you have no one to show their ads to! Cecil Hardwood Why are you guys surprised or disappointed ? This is Google. Look at messaging and reminders. Those are all over the place too. Google is becoming more and more incompetent. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Even Chrome sucks now. It used to be my favorite browser. Unfortunately, there's no competition anymore. Edge sucks more. Firefox works great but is slow as fark. Opera is great, but it's based on Chrome. Merf This is as bad as it sounded. Vons Records Good move, Google. Now I'm back to having zero reasons to interact with the assistant. Except for telling it to shut up when it overhears me setting up the backup phone I use for flashing ROMs. R.J. Great, no widget for Express as well, so my shopping list isn't viewable with all my other notes on my home screen. Glich damit i use a extra home screen of my phone as one big keep wigget for my shopiing list. o well so much for that David Lloyd Thomas Sucks because Google Express isn't available in the UK! No way of accessing the list without adding something to it 😕😕 Jon Edge Maybe this has already been posted...I didn't read all the comments. I'm not saying this will solve everyone's issues, but it's at least a work around I can live with. Once the list is launched, you can pin it to your homescreen. That makes it easily accessible, As a matter of fact, it's one step shorter than accessing through Keep (unless you keep that list open all the time). Just now, I copied the address of that Chrome Tab and emailed that to myself. I launched that link on Chrome on my desktop and now I have that bookmarked in my Bookmarks Bar. Pretty easy access to my list on mobile and desktop. I can live with that. Who cares if they have integrated this new list with Google Express. Use it or don't. That really shouldn't be an issue for anyone. I'll bet this is only temporary anyway and that eventually this finds its way into the Google Home app (or somewhere else). LondonLeedsFan Is Google Express their attempt at Prime then? I wouldn't know as don't think it's in the UK. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yes. They want to compete with Amazon Prime because you can order stuff with the Amazon Echo. h4rr4r I don't understand the issue here. Just use keep, who the heck wants to yell at their phone? surethom No express in the UK & cellular signel In supermarkets is very bad so shopping list DOES NOT work in UK as it uses a web link, we NEED an offline sync version. xxTheGoDxx So, summarize: Google relies now on app not available outside of the US Express doesn't work on Android Wear, nor tablets from what I have read. You can instead open your shopping list in Chrome, which means you won't have access to it if the page / app reloads or you miss click unless you have a working data connection in your local grocery store / super market. Good job guys! BTW, when does your next totally useless messaging app launch? And have you ever thought about moving the ability to take selfies into Google Keep instead of the camera app? That would be so cool. thereasoner Perhaps Wear support is coming shortly? Learjet Bad decision to make Keep lose a huge hunk of it's capability just to promote a niche service that few people can access or use. This was not well thought out. Learjet Call it a "To Do List" in Keep. Problem solved. Realspear There goes the incentive to not use Evernote. derp_cookies The Hangouts team must be working on Keep & Google Assistant John Ventura This change really stinks. I don't stay logged into Chrome. The shopping list is one of the few things I used the assistant for with the Pixel phone. Dumb move Google. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 22 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 98 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 104 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 109 queries | 0.799s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Burger King debuts Whopper ad that triggers Google Home devices Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Internet News | Thu Apr 13, 2017 | 7:52am IST Burger King debuts Whopper ad that triggers Google Home devices The logo of U.S. fast food group Burger King is seen at a restaurant in Bruettisellen, Switzerland October 11, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann By Angela Moon | NEW YORK NEW YORK Fast-food chain Burger King said on Wednesday it will start televising a commercial for its signature Whopper sandwich that is designed to activate Google voice-controlled devices, raising questions about whether marketing tactics have become too invasive. The 15-second ad starts with a Burger King employee holding up the sandwich saying, "You're watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich. But I've got an idea. OK, Google, what is the Whopper burger?" If a viewer has the Google Home assistant or an Android phone with voice search enabled within listening range of the TV, that last phrase - "Hello Google, what is the Whopper burger?" - is intended to trigger the device to search for Whopper on Google and read out the finding from Wikipedia. "Burger King saw an opportunity to do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices," said a Burger King representative. Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc. (QSR.N), said the ad is not in collaboration with Google (GOOG.O). Google declined to comment and Wikipedia was not available for comment. The ad, which became available on YouTube on Wednesday, will run nationally during prime-time on networks such as Spike, Comedy Central, MTV, E! and Bravo, and also on late-night shows starring Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon. Some media outlets, including CNN Money, reported that Google Home stopped responding to the commercial shortly after the ad became available on YouTube. Voice-powered digital assistants such as Google Home and Amazon's Echo have been largely a novelty for consumers since Apple's (AAPL.O) Siri introduced the technology to the masses in 2011. The devices can have a conversation by understanding context and relationships, and many use them for daily activities such as sending text messages and checking appointments. Many in the industry believe the voice technology will soon become one of the main ways users interact with devices, and Apple, Google and Amazon (AMZN.O) are racing to present their assistants to as many people as possible. (Reporting by Angela Moon; Editing by Bill Trott) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Internet News Grey market has become a necessary evil for luxury watchmakers ZURICH A diamond-studded Rolex at 40 percent off the $34,000 retail price or an Omega Speedmaster Moonphase for less than $10,000? While still out of reach for most people, the increasing prevalence of such deals highlights the perplexing predicament in which luxury watchmakers now find themselves. Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store CHICAGO Wal-Mart Stores Inc will offer 'pickup discounts' to U.S. shoppers on items they order online and pick up in-store, as it revamps its e-commerce offerings at a faster pace to close the gap with larger rival Amazon.com Inc. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Infosys to return up to $2 billion to shareholders; appoints co-chairman Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Most Popular Playing Now China tops global executions while U.S. numbers drop - 01:55 US and Russia clash on Syria in Moscow - 02:20 United won't use police to remove passengers - CEO - 01:23 Russia, Syria spar with U.S. at U.N. Security Council over air strikes - 01:12 As the United backlash escalates, CEO digs in - 02:32 Trump and Xi talk N. Korea as Japan eyes navy drills - 01:43 Obama calls on Myanmar to end discrimination of Rohingya's - 01:45 Wall St down on geopolitical woes - 01:16 Sugar rush in wearable devices Monday, June 23, 2014 - 01:26 Samsung, Apple and Google are working to get their wearable devices to monitor blood sugar. Blood tracking could grow into a $12 billion market. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Talk about a smart Silicon sugar rush. Sources say Apple, Google and Samsung are working to get their new wearable devices to monitor blood sugar - without the needle prick. The tech titans figure that'll help turn smartwatches and bracelets into gotta-have gadgets. They see gold in glucose. Research firm Global Data predicts the worldwide market for tracking blood sugar will grow to $12 billion by 2017. 29 million Americans suffer from diabetes. The tech giants are hiring scientists and engineers, and they're developing services that'll turn their mobile devices into a health data hub. Apple's HealthKit that aggregates health data from various apps will come out on its new operating system this fall. There's speculation Google will release a "Google Fit" health tracking service at its developers conference this week. It has already developed a "smart" contact lens that measures glucose. Samsung, which showed off this prototype health band in May, is working to imbed a feature that flashes blood-sugar warnings in future Galaxy Gear smartwatches. Regulation could be an issue. If the new wearables are marketed to diabetics, they'll likely be regulated. But they may be able to skirt it if they're used for nutrition. The tech companies will likely start focusing on non-medical applications like fitness and education. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/XpRvAB <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=316515268" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Sugar rush in wearable devices Monday, June 23, 2014 - 01:26 Top News » Breakingviews TV: Toshiba’s travails Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (4:17) George Soros university under threat in... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:43) South African protesters urge Zuma to quit Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (2:05) Breakingviews TV: United in sorrow Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (2:48) Sean Spicer says he 'let the president down'... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (2:26) Tillerson meets Lavrov for tense talks Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:37) Russia's Lavrov meets US counterpart Tillerson... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:20) Spicer says Hitler "didn't even sink to using... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:12) Breakingviews TV: Tesla's ludicrous mode Tue, 11 Apr, 2017 - (4:03) Hungarians protest 'anti-Soros' university... Tue, 11 Apr, 2017 - (1:39) Swedish truck attack suspect pleads guilty Tue, 11 Apr, 2017 - (2:02) United Airlines under fire over... Tue, 11 Apr, 2017 - (1:37) Business » Breakingviews TV: Toshiba’s travails Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (4:17) Daily Mail settles with Melania Trump Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (0:50) Breakingviews TV: United in sorrow Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (2:48) Political risks could rock global economy Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:32) The rising cost of Venezuela's deepening... Tue, 11 Apr, 2017 - (1:53) Chinese regulators approve ChemChina-Syngenta... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (0:42) Was Brexit referendum website hacked? Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:17) Tesco out of mess but fails to impress Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:45) UK jobs a Brexit bright spot - clouds ahead? Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:43) Western Digital says Toshiba breaching... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:44) The high price of online stardom in China Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:55) Geopolitics strain market nerves Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:52) Rough Cuts » Malala becomes honorary Canadian citizen 5:47am IST - (1:47) Trump welcomes NATO Secretary General to White... 12:57am IST - (0:47) Trump says NATO members need to pay "fair... 2:00am IST - (1:44) Warner says Russia "massively intervened" in... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:45) UN Syria envoy wants "new level of... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:31) Trump calls Assad an "animal", blasts Russia Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:05) Spicer on this year's White House press... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:05) Sean Spicer says he 'let the president down'... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (2:26) Russia's Lavrov meets US counterpart Tillerson... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:20) Player injured after blasts hit Borussia... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:20) Spicer says Hitler "didn't even sink to using... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:12) Trump has put North Korea 'clearly on notice':... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:01) Technology » Toyota launches robot to keep elderly mobile Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:03) Virtual tour reveals lost sounds of Stonehenge Tue, 11 Apr, 2017 - (2:00) Finnish climate becoming more like Hungary's... Tue, 11 Apr, 2017 - (1:24) Hitachi reveals AI security software Mon, 10 Apr, 2017 - (1:34) Student-designed rocket reaches record heights Sat, 08 Apr, 2017 - (1:31) U.S. government targets critical Twitter user Fri, 07 Apr, 2017 - (1:57) Avatars help scientists find best female dance... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (2:15) FUTUREPROOF Episode One, Part Three Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (7:22) LiFi tech turns light bulbs into internet... Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (2:12) Artificial life spawns billion dollar industry Thu, 06 Apr, 2017 - (1:41) Study reveals Britain's ice age "Brexit" from... Wed, 05 Apr, 2017 - (2:08) Mosquitoes more attracted to already-infected... Wed, 05 Apr, 2017 - (1:19) Oddly Enough » Aspiring internet stars turn to surgery to... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (2:00) Dog sledders complete Polar expedition across... Tue, 11 Apr, 2017 - (1:32) Japan's famed ramen served with a crawly twist Mon, 10 Apr, 2017 - (1:04) Polish athlete wins the coolest race in the... Tue, 11 Apr, 2017 - (1:18) In Mexico, pampered pups lap up icy treats Mon, 10 Apr, 2017 - (0:55) Bee hives a new target for New Zealand... Fri, 07 Apr, 2017 - (1:50) 'Pink Star' diamond sells for record $71.2... Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (1:03) Dogs in Egypt line up to get fit in first... Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (0:51) Polish zoo shows off its rare white tiger... Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (0:52) 'Queer British Art' reflects social revolution Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (2:01) 'Gulliver's Gate' debuts its Lilliputian world Tue, 04 Apr, 2017 - (2:05) Swimsuit-clad skiers parade down Sochi's... Sun, 02 Apr, 2017 - (0:54) Entertainment » Take That's former manager launches new band Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:28) Polish, French runners triumph in North Pole... Tue, 11 Apr, 2017 - (1:28) No charges expected for 1D's Louis Tomlinson Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (0:50) 'Stop staring,' says Caitlyn Jenner,... Wed, 12 Apr, 2017 - (1:27) 'The Philanthropist' returns to the stage Tue, 11 Apr, 2017 - (1:52) Diamond earrings on display in London ahead of... Mon, 10 Apr, 2017 - (1:35) London's Big Ben clock tower undergoes... Mon, 10 Apr, 2017 - (1:35) 'Harry Potter' casts a spell at Olivier Awards Mon, 10 Apr, 2017 - (1:46) 'The Boss Baby' rules the roost for second... Mon, 10 Apr, 2017 - (0:58) A Tupac inspired pop-up cafe opens in New York... Sat, 08 Apr, 2017 - (1:35) Prince Harry attends UK team trials for... Fri, 07 Apr, 2017 - (1:36) Impersonators of world leaders gather in Hong... Fri, 07 Apr, 2017 - (1:23) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Gear & Gadgets — Burger King hijacks the Google Assistant, gets shut down by Google Burger King's ad invokes the "OK Google" hotword to advertise fast food; gets blocked. Ron Amadeo - Apr 12, 2017 10:47 pm UTC Enlarge / An actor on a soundstage holding an exaggerated facsimile of a Burger King product. reader comments 150 Share this story Burger King made waves today after it released a TV ad that purposely triggered the Google Assistant. The ad ends with a person saying "OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?"'—a statement designed to trigger any Google Assistant devices like Android phones and Google Home to read aloud a description of the hamburger's ingredients. Google apparently wasn't happy with a third-party hijacking its voice command system to advertise fast food, and has issued a server-side update to specifically disable Burger King's recording. Further ReadingGoogle ruins the Assistant’s shopping list, turns it into a big Google Express adBefore the ad was disabled, the Google Assistant would verbally read a list of ingredients from Wikipedia. Of course the internet immediately took to Wikipedia to vandalize the burger's entry page, with some edits claiming it contained "toenails" or "cyanide." Getting the Google Assistant to actually read one of these false edits was a tough task, since the Google Assistant gets its data from Google's search index, rather than a live query of Wikipedia. Still, according to The Verge, there was actually a brief period when the Google Assistant would read a false edit. Google's shutdown of the feature is interesting. The ad will still wake up a Google Home—the "Ok Google" phrase will light up the device, and the little lights on top will spin while it waits for the query to make a round trip to Google's servers. Google Home will no longer dutifully recite the burger's ingredient list, though. Apparently Google has made changes so that Burger King's specific recording of the phrase will no longer trigger a voice response. Instead, the Google Home just quietly goes back to sleep, without any response to the query. Having a live person ask "OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?"' will still trigger a voice response, though. Further ReadingGoogle Home’s multiuser support might finally make it worth talking to [Update]Android phones are a little less susceptible to inadvertent hotword triggers thanks to a feature called "trusted voice," which aims to listen only to "Ok Google" triggers from the device owner. Android phones also don't have "Ok Google" enabled by default, giving Burger King a smaller target area. Google is working on a voice-based user authentication scheme for Google Home, which should shut down similar hotword hijacks in the future. Google Home would be the first Google voice product to detect and differentiate between multiple user voices on the fly—a task I think even some humans would have trouble with—so the feature is taking some time. The total time the ad triggered the Assistant was about three hours. Burger King is still on the hook to run the now-defanged ad on television, but we're sure the company already got its money's worth thanks to tech articles like this one. Ron Amadeo Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work. Email ron.amadeo@arstechnica.com // Twitter @RonAmadeo reader comments 150 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Yesterday GOOG: 824.32 0.97 Google Allo 9.0 prepares for chat backups to Google Drive & external storage [APK Teardown] Stephen Hall - Apr. 12th 2017 3:02 pm PT @hallstephenj Teardowns Android Google Allo View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google Allo 9.0 has arrived, and with it plenty of background changes that haven’t yet been enabled. A couple weeks ago we told you about some features we found evidence of in the last major version of Allo (like quick selfie, backup & restore, and more stickers), and this version of Allo seems to further prepare some of these and lay the groundwork for them to be enabled with a server-side switch… Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services About APK Teardowns: In this ‘APK teardown,’ we’ve decompiled the latest version of an application that was uploaded to the Play Store. When an app (or an APK, to be specific, in the case of Android apps) is decompiled, we’re able to see various lines of code within that hint at possible future features. Keep in mind that Google may or may not ever ship these features, and our interpretation of what they are may be imperfect. With that in mind, read on. Google Drive & External Backups The first major thing that this update adds is further evidence of the app’s forthcoming ability to do backups of your Google Allo data to Google Drive and external storage. One piece of evidence regarding chat backups is a pop up message that will tell you when Google Allo has found a recent backup and offer to restore them: <string name=”restore_backup_body_backup_found”>”Looks like your chats have recently been backed up. To prevent losing previous chats, restore them now. If you don’t restore now you won’t be able to restore chats later.“</string> It also appears that backups will include images, video, and other content. And once Allo does the initial chat backup restore, that content will continue to restore in the background so you can get to using the app: <string name=”restore_backup_body_restore_finished”>You may start using Allo now. We will continue to restore your images and videos in the background</string> The app makes reference to two possible backup locations: external storage, and Google Drive: <string name=”restore_backup_subtitle_location_external_storage”>external storage</string> <string name=”restore_backup_subtitle_location_google_drive”>Google Drive</string> And there’s plenty of messages to go along with the Google Drive backup, upload, and restore process. Apparently, uploading to Google Drive will require WiFi in some circumstances. But it appears you can disable this feature, in which case the app presents you with the usual warning that uploading over cellular could cost you in terms of data charges: <string name=”chat_backup_manual_backup_drive_compute_failed”>Failed to prepare a Google Drive backup.</string> <string name=”chat_backup_manual_backup_drive_compute_progress”>Preparing Google Drive upload …</string> <string name=”chat_backup_manual_backup_drive_computing_retry_progress”>Retrying Google Drive upload …</string> <string name=”chat_backup_manual_backup_drive_upload_failed”>Failed to create a Google Drive backup.</string> <string name=”chat_backup_manual_backup_drive_upload_progress” formatted=”false”>Backing up to Google Drive – %s of %s uploaded</string> <string name=”chat_backup_manual_backup_drive_upload_progress_needs_connection”>Waiting for a connection …</string> <string name=”chat_backup_manual_backup_drive_upload_progress_needs_wifi”>Waiting for Wi-Fi connection …</string> <string name=”chat_backup_upload_wifi_only_title”>Wi-Fi only</string> There is a global option for enabling chat backups, and a variety of frequencies to choose from so that you can decide how often you want the app to backup your data. There also seems to options for choosing whether or not you want additional data such as videos, images, and files to Google Drive:  <string name=”chat_backup_upload_category_title”>Upload Settings</string> <string name=”chat_backup_upload_enabled_pref_key”>fireball_chat_backup_upload_enabled</string> <string name=”chat_backup_upload_frequency_daily”>Daily</string> <string name=”chat_backup_upload_frequency_days_pref_default”>7</string> <string name=”chat_backup_upload_frequency_days_pref_key”>fireball_chat_backup_upload_frequency_days</string> <string name=”chat_backup_upload_frequency_manual”>Manual</string> <string name=”chat_backup_upload_frequency_title”>Frequency</string> <string name=”chat_backup_upload_frequency_weekly”>Weekly</string> <string name=”chat_backup_upload_media_type_images”>Images</string> <string name=”chat_backup_upload_media_type_videos_and_files”>Videos and Files</string> Quick selfie We first found out about the new quick selfie feature (and showed you an initial preview of what it looks like) a couple weeks ago, and Google Allo 9.0 adds some strings that further confirms its existence and offers an idea of how it will work for users. Apparently, there will be an option to enable this feature as well as live camera preview: <string name=”enable_quick_selfie_live_button_pref_summary”>Enable live camera preview in your chats</string> <string name=”enable_quick_selfie_live_button_pref_title”>Quick Selfie camera</string> Group incognito chats We mentioned recently that we found evidence that group chats would soon be able to activate Incognito mode, and Allo version 9.0 adds yet another string specifically referring to a “group incognito chat” feature. <string name=”create_backchannel_group”>Start group incognito chat</string> Selfie-generated sticker packs We first told you about evidence for a future selfie-generated sticker pack feature all the way back with the release of Allo 5.0, and not long after that release Google removed the strings referencing the feature. Assumably, it’s getting closer to a full release since those strings are now back in version 9.0. <string name=”face_capture_explanatory_text”>Take a selfie and we’ll automagically generate a sticker pack in your likeness. For best results, keep a neutral expression</string> <string name=”face_capture_image_preview_content_description”>Image selected for sticker personalization</string> <string name=”face_capture_preview_cancel_button_label”>Cancel</string>l Allo 9.0 is rolling out on the Play Store, and as of yet we’ve not found any of these new features to be actually user-facing. As mentioned, it’s likely that we’ll see many of these enabled via a server-side update in the coming weeks, and we’ll keep you in the loop as they become available. Until then, we’re doing our best to enable them ourselves on our test devices. @EvoWizz contributed to this article. Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google Allo View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
The Hollywood Reporter Movies TV Business Style Politics Tech Culture Awards Video Subscribe Star Wars Thor: Ragnarok April 12, 2017 6:00am PT by Aaron Couch Lucasfilm to Bring 'Star Wars' Virtual Reality Headsets to Hospitals for Kids (Exclusive) Courtesy of Allan Amato Children will get to meet characters from a galaxy far, far away thanks to a 'Force for Change' collaboration. Young Star Wars fans in need of an adventure are going to get it with help from a new program from a galaxy far, far away. Starlight Virtual Reality, a new VR initiative launching later this year, will put 270 VR headsets into hospitals across the country, and will feature content from the Star Wars universe, as well as from Google Expeditions, Daydream, Google Earth VR and Tilt Brush. Star Wars: Force for Change is the founding sponsor of the program, which is receiving additional funding from Niagara Cares and VR technology powered by Google. “We’re excited to announce the launch of Starlight VR, which we believe will be a game changer in the pediatric health care space,” said Chris Helfrich, CEO of Starlight Children’s Foundation. “We’re excited to have Lucasfilm and Disney, Google and Niagara Cares alongside us as we harness the power of virtual reality to bring more smiles to hospitalized kids when and where they need it most.” The program will also provide Starlight Brave Gowns (see below), high-quality (and certainly more fun) garments for the children to wear — and it will facilitate visits from celebrities.  “At Lucasfilm and ILMxLAB, we strive to make the impossible, possible and to deliver stories that inspire and entertain,” said Vicki Dobbs Beck, Executive in charge, ILMxLab. “We are honored to use our immersive storytelling to spark children’s imaginations during the hospital stay.” The Meet BB-8 experience (image preview below) will be available at Star Wars Celebration in Orlando, Fla., this week and is one example of the program that will roll out. "We’re thrilled to support this Starlight program and use our virtual reality technology for good in hospitals around the United States," said Amit Singh, vp Virtual Reality at Google. The new initiative comes as Star Wars stars Mark Hamill and Daisy Ridley announced a new Force for Change fundraising campaign Tuesday that will see winners get a trip to the Star Wars: The Last Jedi premiere, an overnight visit to Skywalker Ranch, as well as a possible walk-on role in the young Han Solo movie. The Starlight Virtual Reality collaboration launches Wednesday at Florida Hospital for Children in Orlando, ahead of Star Wars Celebration beginning Thursday in the city. Hamill was onhand to visit some of the children, and shared photos afterwards as well as a touching Facebook post about one child he met, Jay Ryan Jr.. "So this just happened,Jay got to meet an absolute amazing man in a private meeting, Mark Hamill, Jay loves Star Wars and Luke Skywalker," read a post on a Facebook page dedicated to the young man. "After Jay lost his arm he said it was ok because Luke only has one arm. He shared that story with Mr Hamill. He told Jay he was the real hero and I (Mark) am just a made up hero." Thanks @FloridaHospital 4 letting me visit the kids in your care & @StarlightUS 4 providing #SW backpacks filled w/goodies! #ForceForChange pic.twitter.com/xXWeHsK3nm — Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) April 12, 2017 What a thrill to meet Jay Ryan Jr. whose courage in the face of adversity is a life-lesson for us all! #TeamJay #ReelHeroMeetsRealHero https://t.co/p47Hp5JI2E — Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) April 12, 2017 The Force is with us! And so is Luke Skywalker! Thank you @HamillHimself and @StarlightUS for the amazing visit! pic.twitter.com/S12hgnDQVE — Florida Hospital (@FloridaHospital) April 12, 2017 April 12, 3:02 p.m. Updated with Hamill tweets.   Aaron Couch aaron.couch@thr.com AaronCouch Comments comments powered by Disqus Heat Vision 'Deadpool 2': Cable's Wild, Complicated Backstory Explained 'Star Wars' Celebration: What Could Happen, What Should Happen 'Thor: Ragnarok' Trailer — The Surprising Moment It Takes From the Comics The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Vibe Spin Stereogum Death and Taxes
Vanity Fair hive Sign In/Up business technology politics the players hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Business Politics Technology The Players Sign In/Up Silicon Valley How One Tech Start-Up Ditched Its Brogrammers Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Silicon Valley How One Tech Start-Up Ditched Its Brogrammers And became a better company. by Stephanie MehtaApril 12, 2017 6:00 pm Email Facebook Twitter Zymergen software engineers, Barbara Frewen, Erin Rhode and Roxane Ambrose. Courtesy of Zymergen. Google has struggled. Facebook hasn’t cracked the code. And Uber, which released its first diversity report last month, certainly hasn’t figured it out. So how is it that Zymergen, a 272-person start-up in Emeryville, California, has built a technical team that is one-third female at a time when much of Silicon Valley is grappling with questions of gender discrimination and bias? We’ll explain in a moment exactly how this utterly unsexy tech company—clients include agriculture companies and chemical makers—has been able to outperform Google (19 percent of technical staff are women), Facebook (17 percent), and Uber (15 percent) when it comes to hiring women software engineers. There’s nothing altruistic about Zymergen’s aggressive recruitment of women technologists. When C.E.O. and co-founder Joshua Hoffman started Zymergen (pronounced ZY-mergen) in 2013, he understood that the company, which uses information technology to engineer microbes, would have a hard time competing for talent with bigger and flashier tech companies. So he and his team set out to find first-rate engineers that Silicon Valley and San Francisco companies might have overlooked. “You don’t need to read a blog post to know that it includes women and people over 40,” Hoffman says. “So we said, ‘Let’s make an effort to make it welcoming to (those) folks.’ ” The effort started out promisingly enough: Zymergen’s second hire in the engineering department was Barbara Frewen, a software engineering manager, who previously had worked at a university and a large life sciences company. She admits she had reservations about joining a start-up, in part because she’d heard horror stories about sexism and indifference to gender diversity at fast-growing tech companies. (The most recent glaring example, of course, is Susan Fowler’s allegation of sexual harassment and retaliation at Uber.) She quizzed chief technology officer Aaron Kimball about the kind of engineering department he wanted to create. “I asked Aaron, ‘What have you learned based on the other start-ups that you have gotten off the ground,’ ” Frewen says. “He said, ‘Basically, I really prefer experience and maturity over a hot-shot, one-man show.’ ’’ Still, Kimball found himself fielding job applications from “hot shots”—engineers who ostensibly had the right technical skills, but didn’t seem suited for the company’s collaborative culture. To engineer its products, Zymergen routinely brings biologists and chemists together with data scientists and coders. So in the spring of 2015, Zymergen decided to eliminate the whiteboard interviews that are a standard part of the hiring process for software engineers and developers. In such sessions, candidates typically stand in front of a whiteboard and write code to answer a hypothetical problem posed by the interviewer. “We had an early software engineer who was incredibly good at that exercise who turned out to be a terrible fit for us.” Hoffman says. “It doesn’t test for things that are important in a workplace.” Whiteboarding underscores “this notion of this solo or virtuoso engineer who can personally solve the puzzle,” adds Kimball, the chief technology officer. “As a company, broadly speaking, we don’t believe in putting specific individual contributors on a pedestal. We want to see how well do people perform in a team and perform real work.” The company replaced the whiteboard exercise with job talks, a practice that’s common in academic settings. Candidates now talk at length about about specific projects from a previous gig. The change has had a few benefits—interviewers now have a chance to query candidates about how they collaborated in other jobs. It also turns out that coding tests aren’t as objective as they sound, says Joelle Emerson, founder and C.E.O. of Paradigm, a consulting firm that works with tech companies on diversity. By putting candidates in situations that are outside the way they normally work, Emerson says, whiteboard interviews increase the likelihood of “stereotype threat,” an anxiety among non-traditional candidates that they’ll confirm negative stereotypes about their group. Courtesy of Zymergen. Reshma Saujani, founder and C.E.O. of Girls Who Code, applauds Zymergen for rethinking its hiring process. Too many tech executives say they can’t find women for engineering jobs because the pipeline or pool of potential candidates is too small, an assertion that Saujani disputes. “If you were to look at the gender makeup and the racial makeup up of technical interns versus who gets hired [for full-time jobs], there’s a huge drop,” she says. “Clearly something is wrong in the interview process that needs to be fixed.” Since dropping the whiteboard interviews, Zymergen says its percentage of women in technical positions has ranged from 32 percent to 40 percent of total tech employees, which include software developers and data scientists. Women make up about 36 percent of overall employment, and 27 percent of director-level positions or above. Newcomers to Zymergen say they notice the difference immediately. Erin Rhode, a senior software engineer who joined in October of 2016, remembers that during her job interviews at Zymergen, she was rarely the only woman in the room, which often had been her experience when applying to work at other tech companies. “I never once had to ask the question, ‘What are your numbers on diversity?’ It was just so obvious because of who was interviewing me.” Rhode says she found her previous employer’s attitude toward gender diversity “exhausting.” She served on a diversity committee, but says the exercise was futile because the employees felt they did not have the support of upper management. In her current role, “it isn’t a fight all the time to convince people why [inclusion] is important,” she says. “So I can spend more time being a software engineer and designing algorithms.” (When asked about sexual harassment in the workplace, Zymergen disclosed that it has received one harassment complaint to date. The company says a junior-level female employee filed a complaint against a co-worker. The company says it conducted an internal investigation and consulted with outside legal counsel. Zymergen says its legal and human-resources teams did not find the claim to have merit; still, it offered to relocate the employee to a different location inside the company. Zymergen says she opted instead to part ways with Zymergen on mutually agreed-upon terms.) Hoffman, the C.E.O., isn’t resting on Zymergen’s better-than-average track record for hiring women engineers. Just a few weeks ago he hired Judy Gilbert from Google’s human-resources team to fill a new role—chief people officer. Part of her job will be to make sure Zymergen doesn’t wane in its hiring practices as it grows. “I want to build the best company I can and I’m doing so in a field where talent matters a lot, so I want to get the best talent I can get,” Hoffman says. “I want to win.” Share Email Facebook Twitter YOU MIGHT LIKE Steve Bannon Succumbs to the West Wing CurseVanity Fair United Airlines Just Made an Enemy of the World’s Biggest CountryVanity Fair United Airlines Finally Apologizes After Its Stock Falls Off a CliffVanity Fair The Optimist’s Guide to Impeaching Donald TrumpVanity Fair Even the White House Doesn’t Know What Kellyanne Conway’s Job IsVanity Fair Around the Web Powered by Zergnet PLAYERS SEEK Follow the players shaping the newsGet daily updates on all the Silicon Valley hotshots, Washington Brahmins, Wall Street titans, and cultural icons. SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google Home now helps you track flight prices Newsby John Callaham9 hours ago 1 67 4 The Google Home connected speaker continues to add new and handy features for its owners to explore. Today, it was revealed that it has been updated to give you prices for any airline flights you might want to take in the future. Not only that, but it can even track those prices and alert you if they go down so you can get the best deal. See also: The complete list of services with Google Home support 4 weeks ago According to a support page on Google’s site, you will need to turn on the speaker’s Personal Results to get information on any existing flights. Any info is pulled from the Gmail address that’s linked to the Google Account that was used to set up Google Home. You don’t need to turn on Personal Results to track flight prices. You can then state, for example, “OK Google, how much are flights to New York City in three weeks?” After you get that information, it can then start tracking those flight prices for you. If the price goes down, you will get notifications through email or via Google Now cards. There are lots of other airline flight information you can get via Google Home, such as the route schedule, or finding out what specific airlines fly to certain locations. You can also find out if a flight that you are already scheduled to be on will arrive or time or if it will be delayed. Would you use Google Home to help you get a better price on an upcoming airplane flight? News Google Home Google Home  Google John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 1 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   LG G6 International Giveaway! 4 days ago52 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 50 Plus 1 on G+ 96 Share on Facebook 84 Share on Twitter Total Shares230 Device Updates Downloads Google News Nexus 6P Nexus Devices Nougat 7.0/7.1 Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs Google's Android beta program allows the more intrepid among you to take a first crack at new updates, but it can be a little irksome to then move to the final build. For example, the 7.1.2 testers are still running the beta while the final version has rolled out to non-testers. Now, it looks like Google has started updating the beta build to final, but only for the Nexus 6P so far. The update clocks in at a mere 25.4MB, which isn't surprising. You're only going from 7.1.2 to a slightly different 7.1.2. The build number when all's said and done will be N2G47H. That's the same build that rolled out to non-testers. There should not be any feature differences between the two versions, but being on the right build means you'll be able to get OTA updates going forward. We don't yet know if this is rolling out to everyone, but check your update menu to be safe. If it's not there, we've got the URL of the OTA on Google's servers. Feel free to sideload it if you can't wait, but remember this is only for the 6P. Hopefully other devices on the beta get updates soon. Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs We got numerous reports earlier than phones were being offered another update to the beta build after installing the final one. Google neglected to flip some switch on its end to prevent phones from getting the beta OTA again, but that should be fixed now. End of Update Thanks: Rik Tags android 7.1.2 android beta beta device updates Google nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story More photos of the Moto C and C Plus leaked, as well as the E4 and Z2 Force This Is The Most Recent Story Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rasty++ ...after 25mb.. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fe73c9b1e0cff7af50d8d17b4e2cd375107865d458b52c568519d9bc3306769a.png EvilHowl That's the size for updating 7.1.1 to 7.1.2. 25MB is the size of the update from 7.1.2 beta 2 to stable. rasty++ 4 update in 1 hour... 25..1313..25..1313.. fuck google ..and now 25 Laraib Zafar Khan I think it's in a loop? Because i am downloading this once. rasty++ yep.. download 4 times same otas Daniel Keeble Just got this 1.3GB update on my 6P as well. rasty++ and aftet 25 again.. and after 1313 again.. again again again CyrealKiller Same here. JD 1313 Deadend Drive? Manard After taking this update I immediately get offered a new beta-N2G47I. Xious That's the same beta build that is on my Pixel. wjrandon Beta for life. x8123999 Pixel C just got it, too. Build N2G47D. Brian Langlois I got this update. then promptly got the notification that the system update NPG47I was available. Installed that. Then promptly got the notification that This update (N2G47H) was available. It just keeps prompting to update inthenickoftime4 Same MichaelFranz same, but i didnt install the NPG47I. victor sanchez same here. Серёжа Дураков same Jean-Pierre Tavan Same... VAL Same here, weird Brianna D Green Mine did this as well but once your on the (N2G47H), just reset the phone and then go into the update screen in settings and the (NPG47I) update notification disappears. At least it did for me. Lol. James Brown What do you mean by "reset the phone." I have rebooted and gone into settings/system updates but I still get the prompt to download the previous version. Brianna D Green I rebooted after the new update and then once back in the phone, went to the update screen and notification disappeared after hitting check for update. James Brown Didn't work for me. Minty Yeah I think it's happening to everyone. I just let it put me back on to stable again and then unenrolled from the beta program so I would stop getting them. T4rd It's times like this when I'm glad I'm just on Pure Nexus ROM. =p Vedang Jadhav This is new loop man, If you are not getting bootloop, Google is ensuring you atleast get this loop!! danthepotato Thank god I'm not the only one... I tried using the chat help on the settings. The guy basically told me I should opt out of beta, but I don't want to wipe my phone... JamesBennett360 If you update then opt out it will not wipe your device. I did it myself Anuwat Jaiyen I have to opt out then restart my phone. Super Pete Same happened to me. If you're on the stable build when you unenroll, nothing happens. No notification, no wipe... Good to go VAL just unenrrolled the beta program and won´t show up F4LL0U7 Same. I'll just deal with the update icon for now until they fix it. Not interested in unenrolling and wiping my phone. rasty++ no wipe if you have n2g... Ronald Yup same issue, did the update got the notification downloaded the NPG47I but have not installed it yet Josh Hamer Yup, same thing happening to me Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google employs only the best and brightest. André Pudiesi Same here. Final, then prompted me the Beta again. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b59969b13e033f7b043512da60a6f94086726e1588fc48382fcdd40bcad52140.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0da4868bacccbb1d7ce49e3c804e23e92904bd5251a4eebb9a7de486b9d3aa17.png Curt Same. LondonLeedsFan Right.... So i got the stable build (25mb), and the beta build 1313.6mb straight after... I'm confused?! Midnitte Want the next update? Now, always have an update available! Chisel I'm also getting the NPG47I «--» N2G47H loop. Weird. phineasjw Yep. Same thing. Took the opportunity to leave the Beta program. Just make sure you leave when running N2G47H. tonyc That's the same thing that keeps happening to me. Garry I just cleared the app data for Google Play Services and so far that has alleviated the problem. Artem Russakovskii Google fixed the endless loop, guys. https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus6P/comments/6504su/anyone_else_get_a_stable_712_update_then/dg6oj2l/. Djakdekiel ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Same update for Nexus 5x alexus after I pulled this update, I got another one right after (build NPG471) Mitch G yeah, it keeps pushing old build on top of new build TxReplay Got it on Nexus 5X too ! clay hope this fixes the shutdowns when there is clearly battery left. my phone shuts down when it hits 15% left and wont turn back on until i charge K9 A bit off topic i haven't recieved assistant yet and i was thinking it was cause i was in beta. I just got the stable 7.1.2 but still no assistant. Services apps is up to date but nothing still. Wht shd i do? Carson Saldanha Is your Google app on English (US)? K9 Yes it is Carson Saldanha rip idk lol rasty++ stop ota please ..8 ota in 2 hours.. -.- Kyle Smith Got this on Nexus Player also, I like the new update animation and loading bar Ernie If you update to N2G47H and you are on the beta program. You will have to unenroll from the beta. rmagruder Just spotted this and unenrolled from the beta and annoying update message went away. Guess I'll stay out of the beta until they actually push out the next beta. 2 Men-E ...sooooo...after the comments, and selecting "Download", but before selecting "Install"...I shouldn't complete the update to this "final" 7.1.2 build [being that my 6P will just do OTA loops] 🤔 rmagruder Good LORD, Google. I just got this on my 6P. It updated the phone, and after rebooting with the final 7.1.2, it promptly gave me a new System update available message wanting to install a beta version of 7.1.2 (HPG47I) at a hefty cost of 1313.6Mb. What the heck? That was what I was JUST ON before getting the FINAL OTA. George Hadjidakis Just opt out from the beta program then back in and then out again and it will go.. Bruno Montini To everyone getting the update prompt again and again, clear cache partition, it fixed it for me I also left the beta before clearing cache Lateef Alabi-Oki If you "Check For Update" on the Nexus 5x you might get it too. I got it that way. Tim Meader Once you have the official update (installed) and have booted back up... just IGNORE the prompt to update back to the beta version. Go into the Beta Program settings and leave the program. Problem solved. F4LL0U7 I'm not looking to factory reset OR leave the beta program though... I'd imagine they have to fix this if so many people are getting it, right? Tim Meader There's no need to be in the beta program right now since there's no actual beta. You can easily go back to it at any time via the same method, that's not an issue. It takes 5 seconds to sign back up. As I said, if you've already installed the release update and rebooted, leaving the beta won't factory reset anything. F4LL0U7 Oh cool, I didn't realize you could opt out without wiping once you were on stable. Thanks! Razed Does this address the 6P battery issues? F4LL0U7 I just got updated to the final 7.1.2 build on my Nexus 5X (N2G47F). Same thing, around 25MB. And then a funny thing happened. I immediately was prompted to download and install the beta 2 (NPG47I). I am ignoring it for now, because I would imagine that installing that will knock me back to the pre-release version of 7.1.2, which I don't want. Anyone else getting this? TBBT+HIMYM The same thing with me. I should try to get out of beta probably. TBBT+HIMYM Yes. It works. F4LL0U7 But you probably had to wipe your phone when exiting the beta, right? TBBT+HIMYM No. Ignore the beta version message. Exit the beta and the message just disappears by itself. Wipe is not necessary. F4LL0U7 Awesome, thanks! danthepotato Opting out once you are on N2G47H solves the problem, without a pesky notification or need to wipe your phone Jacob Mcalister Tattoos I'm still on the beta on pixel xl.. anyone else like this? el_smurfo How do you have a 6P with the battery so low to update, yet it hasn't long since shut off prematurely at 30-40%? noneofthem Thanks, everybody. I was afraid to be the only one with that issue. I hope Google will find a solution to this fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google phone users are always bragging that they're the first to get updates. Now Google has taken it to the next level. Google phone users are the first to get into a continuous, never-ending update loop. Callanish Pure hyperbolic bullshit. There never was a never-ending update loop. All anyone had to do was pay attention to what was going on with the updates and have an incline of knowledge about what it means to be enrolled in the beta program. They'd have seen that the patch was upgrading them to the stable 7.1.2 release. They would have then seen, after rebooting, that there was a glitch with a beta installation trying to get them to install itself over a stable version. Beta 101 enrollment and research would have told them that if they were on a stable version, unenrolling from the beta program would not delete their data and any notification asking them to revert back to a beta version would be gone once unenrolled. That would have eliminated something easily solveable and have avoided giving someone like you a smug 'sky is falling' response making it seem like all this was a big deal. If you're going to be a guinea pig, by running a beta version on a phone, you've got to take some responsibility when things go pear shape and at least use common sense and learn the basics of being part of the beta program beforehand so you can at least recognize when, in this case, the user is causing the loop themselves by continuously downloading whatever the Google Notification is telling them to download and not paying attention to the fact that they are installing a beta version over a stable version creating this self inflicted problem. Charlie I have the same issue. I was confused a bit too. But I think what is going on is the final build date is after the beta 2 build date. So to the system it looks like your not on the latest build. That is why we could not side load the OTA without opting out of beta program because if your on beta 2 it looks like your on the latest build. I don't know why they do that but this is not the first time it has happened. Usually they fix the issue before the OTA is sent out so we don't get the notification for the beta build though. Lucas Cannon 5X as well, received an update stating it would be build N2G47H, then after reboot says build N2G47F. Andre Laurence I just got the final version update. It was a flawless install. FCEEVIPER I installed the OTA NPG47I, then I turned away from my phone and saw the phone was asking for a restartinstall but I did not notice that the restart would be installing NPG471. Maybe I should be paying more attention. : Should I opt out of beta to get the stable build? I'm confused. Erroneus When you have the final version installed (N2G47H), opt out of the beta program. That solves it. KosmoCrisis Me too. Nexus 6p on Project Fi, no different. This type of loop is not fun. onekage Thought it was strange to receive a beta update after receiving the​ final version I had been waiting for, for over a week. Let's hope battery life is a little better... But with a 25mb update I don't have much hope. Hopefully they do something cool with O. BBpost As someone mentioned below, I cleared out the cache for Google Play Services while on N2G47H and rebooted. This fixed the constant update cycle bug. Alvin persaud Install the "h" update first then "I" update (large)when it prompts u back to update to "h" just restart the phone and it should be good to go. Dan Zunko Nexus 5x just got the update. No loop so far. M.R. Betz 5X is up too. N2G47F for my 5X. jdawg0024 Google is also updating the Nexus 5x beta to final as well. I got the update just an hour ago TheDrunkenClam I have tried three times to install this OTA using Flashfire and cannot for the life of me get it to work. Flashfire detects it just fine, but once it fails, I don't know where the OTA resides after it is downloaded so I cannot find where it is to get it to try again (Flashfire doesn't automatically see it on the second attempt after that initial attempt for some reason). So I have been opting out of beta and then back in for it to re download the OTA and thus have Flashfire recognize. 1. Where does the OTA resides after it's downloaded? 2. Any settings in Flashfire that I should look for? idna As far as I can remember, the OTA resides in /data/ota_package (N5X, but it should be the same). And FlashFire can detect it if it's there. But in the past I noticed another location (complicated path, don't remember it now) had been used and indeed, it was not visible for FlashFire - and when I pointed the program to this location it didn't detect anything. What I would recommend is to simply grab the 7.1.2 factory image, opt out of the beta program and simply write this (factory) image with FlashFire, of course without overwriting the userdata partition. That's what I did when the images where released some weeks ago, I couldn't wait for Google to push this special OTA for those of us using the beta program. lomsha The notification finally went away on O. Margaritas Ante Porcos Nexus 6p owners, don't rush to update. My 6p's battery dies within few moments after I've updated from 7.1.1. to 7.1.2. You know how Google reacts to this. Google ignores anything. Morenicano In celebration of fixing the update loop, Google has decided to make another message app 2 Men-E For some reason my 6P is no longer receiving this final OTA. I downloaded it early today, but did not install it. Since then, I rebooted my 6P, and the install notification went away, and now when I check for updates, nothing is there. AnthonyRyan89 I got the final build update today and updated it then an hour later I got another update for the beta again. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 22 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 108 queries | 0.440s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 6 Plus 1 on G+ 14 Share on Facebook 37 Share on Twitter Total Shares57 Applications News There was a surprising amount of anger directed at Google several days ago when the Assistant shopping list was moved from Keep to the Home app. Rather than being a general purpose list, it is now tied into Google Express. Now, the other shoe has dropped in the form of an update to the Express app. It brings shopping list improvements that jive with the new Assistant shopping list. Here's the changelog for the new update. Now you can invite your friends and family to add items to your Shopping Lists. Add items to shared lists from your phone, computer, and even Google Home. The app no longer runs Android versions older than Jelly Bean (released July 9, 2012). Spring cleaning bug fixes and a fresh new logo make it into this release as well. Sharing lists is an essential feature if you want people to actually use them for shopping, so the Express app now has native support for that. Items added to your list on a computer of via assistant will show up in the app instantly. Then, you can place your order and get the items in one business day (in most places). Although, that's kind of pointless if your preferred stores are not supported in Google Express. Google Express requires an annual membership or $95 or $10 per month. That's in addition to whatever it your chosen items cost. The new version is in the Play Store, as well as on APK Mirror. Download: Google Express (Play Store) Tags app updates apps assistant Google google express subscribe ... Previous Story Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago ... Next Story Google expands WebVR to Google Cardboard, adds 12 new WebVR demos to try out Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments mark555055d need cached / offline lists now as well, do it. Jason Pagliaro They could've at least migrated the existing shopping list from Keep over to this. Adding Wear support would've been smart as well. tenaku or, you know, just left the list in keep. create812 Not a fan of this app, and Google gets knocked down a couple points in my book for forcing the migration of assistant shopping list from Keep to this abomination. Pete Yes, baffling that people would be angry that a free, popular feature was removed with little notice and made part of a subscription service. Ronny Yeah. Putting a feature into a different app, that is not available for all users is totally thought through. Express is US only. Keep was not. Now I can access my list only through the home app, which then sends me to the webpage of Express. 👍 destinyhud if its not available to u then it opens up in a chrome custom tab. so i am not sure what ur problem is Kumnaa Chrome custom tabs aren't much use in a signaless supermarket :( Nicholas Conrad Express is us only? Not even. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/efd87369dea9a7505573611d0b0b04512b0d80862fdffcfec232c6a8892c3772.png notatoad Express is US only, but the shopping list feature seems to be fairly global - i can use it here in canada, albeit in a web page rather than a native app. not as good as Keep, but not as bad as being totally region-locked out of it like i was expecting. navjot Why not just keep the list in Keep but also allow access from Express? Like they do with Google Tasks (which is accessible through multiple services). Or even just add Google Express support to Keep? This all doesn't make sense for people that don't use Express. I use Express from time to time and I still find this incredibly stupid because I use my Google Assistant Shopping List in Google Keep for many things that I can't get from Express yet. DragoCubed Google express "support" in keep would've just solved it once and for all Timothy Angley Well, I guess I won't be using Assistant to make a shopping list. So disappointing that they would do this to people. Kevin Davis Gee, I'm shocked! Never saw this coming. 😉 Dbag move on the part of Google. Lateef Alabi-Oki Dick move from Google. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher No Google love for Android Wear users. David Hyman Seems to work fine for my needs. The keep features were nice to have but not necessary for me. I hope that this allows assistant better access to the contents of my list Martin Send your angry feedback to Google! It's not like they care, but at least you will feel a little better when sending good wishes to their mothers :-))) Chris Sanner Allow me to sort the damn list. Anthony Castanza Congratulations! The shit sandwich no longer contains toenail clippings. Still a shit sandwich though. Morenicano Man, people are murdering the rating for express in the play store lol Grey I still don't understand what the fuck Google Express is. Do they ship the items to your house? notatoad if i don't have a list in Keep called "shopping", i get kicked over to google express. If there's a list in Keep called "shopping", asking google assistant to "add cookies to my shopping list" adds an entry to the list called shopping in Google Keep. Not sure what the problem is here? Mr. Shmidle Middle Great, Google took out a feature I could use and implemented it in a way I and many other users can't access now. Whelp I'll just add Google Express to the rest of em like Google Books, Google Music, Google Movies, Google Newsstand, etc... Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 97 queries | 0.400s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 58 Plus 1 on G+ 259 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares382 News Videos Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Always-listening voice assistants, like Google Now/Assistant or Alexa, can't really tell the difference between you talking and someone else (unless you have Trusted Voice enabled on Android). Maybe you've watched a few tech videos where someone said "Ok Google," and your phone started talking back. Burger King seems to be the first company to purposely trigger Google Now/Assistant in a television ad. In the below video, a Burger King employee says "Ok Google, what is the whopper burger," right before the ad ends: As mentioned above, turning on Trusted Voice on your Android devices gets around this, but the Google Home has no such option. Searching Google Trends for "what is the whopper burger" shows a graph of Burger King's victims: If you wanted to be funny and edit the Whopper page on Wikipedia to say something else, the page has already been locked due to vandalism. It also looks like someone from Burger King changed the page immediately before rolling out the ad to list the ingredients at the top (which has since been reverted). Let us know in the comments below if you've seen the ad on TV. Source: Buzzfeed Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Google disabled the voice command for Burger King's commercial 😂😂 (it previously worked) pic.twitter.com/xDWF4wDS1Z — Niv Dror (@Nivo0o0) April 12, 2017 End of Update Tags burger king google assistant google now google search hotword OK Google okay google video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon Galaxy Note5 and S6 edge+ receiving Android 7.0 Nougat updates ... Next Story Qualcomm ordered to pay out nearly a billion dollars to BlackBerry over royalty dispute Trending 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments TechGuy22 ah Sup Hah. That's actually quite smart. MJ Pissing off potential customers is smart? Nicholas C They will get tons of free attention from this. So yea. Sup People get pissed off so easily :/ EowynCarter Well, yeah, I don't like ads. So intrusive ad like this tends to get the opposite effect. MisterAlex If I'd theoretically been watching cable television (which I don't subscribe to) and this ad came on and triggered my phone and/or Home, I'd be far more amused than irritated. And it's not like Google would have ever let it last long, anyway. Impulse_Vigil It's amusing for all of 5s, sets a bad precedent and encourages a drove of similar stunts tho. Ryan Johnson Yeah what a shame that people get pissed off from having some advertisement take advantage of their devices to read marketing BS at them. Not to mention editing & hassling Wikipedia to have the first paragraph say what they want. Everyone already knows what the Whopper is anyway AndroidUser00110001 Funny... Kieron Quinn In before someone really good at SEO makes a site which takes over the card read out by the Home to say something against BK Kieron Quinn Or, as it's been done before, simply edit the wikipedia page at the right time so the spider resets the text to say it Corbin Davenport The Whopper page is already edit locked. Kieron Quinn Shame. Will have to be an elaborate SEO trick then My1 it's semi-locked only though. meaning only registered members can edit iirc. Pessimippopotamus Google Home needs trained voice recognition like yesterday. the_secret The article does mention "trusted voice" can be enabled, like today! Suicide_Note Not on Google Home devices it can't. EcE Reading and comprehension is hard. nxtiak Trusted voice is only on phones. UniBroW Beta product is Beta ilovetesla this is not stupid , its smart guys EcE It's bullshit. MisterAlex No, it's brilliant. It is obvious from the onset that the voice response would be disabled on the back-end by Google—so it would, at worst, be a nuisance for Home owners for a very brief time. But we're all watching the video and discussing it. This very short, very low-budget video has more than done its job. EcE Sure, it got people talking about it but I'm sure everyone who got caught off guard by it went running to their nearest BK. Marcelove If you are an idiot, then sure it is bullshit. EcE aaaaand blocked Powsniffer0110 Wahhh JD Stupid like a fox. Kwetsima Maluleke Hmm. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd13dabd7f3d4c34cb64cf739e07667abaae63d75d00f8bde0825356ec5533c0.png Dallas King https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9e0913e1541e50871ddd3c59f560aa29f35950c5071a10e04a0b71e1f539d4e6.jpg MJ It should be illegal (but it is not nor will ever be) and Google should do something about it? The only thing they can do and should do is allow owners to change the activation phase or enable Trusted Voice on the Android Home. David Brideau LOLLLLL! mondeca Thank goodness I always fast-forward through commercials. deprofeet Brilliant... mondeca Of course this triggered an edit war on the Wikipedia page for the Whopper. JD Soon all commercials will just be "Ok Google, tell me about x" Syukri Lajin should we blame them? or Google's suck-ass voice recognition? ilovetesla turning on trusted voice is the only way out of this issue but AP says home doesnt support trusted voice Biff Wonsley Another way is to let us change the Google in OK Google to Jarvis, Beavis, Nadine, whatever. Google deserves this for not letting us customize. ilovetesla saying OK Google sucks, custom trigger voices must be made zurcaled11 This is an evolution of the Google Home Beauty and the Beast ad. Google definitely is in on it. And unfortunately it makes me want the Google Home less. demarcmj Google was not "in on it" (per the source article) But I agree stuff like this only makes me less interested in a Google Home (even though my interest level was very low to begin with). zurcaled11 You are right, the update to the article definitely makes it clear Google was not OK with it. If you want ads pushed through Google Home, you apparently have to go through Google! demarcmj Very interesting. They moved pretty fast on that. Andy J As they should of, this ad was harmless - but the next one - might not be. And as people often leave the room during adverts - a lot of people wouldn't necessarily be there to witness it adding a calendar entry or adding something to a shopping list - or further into the future - record "exciting new program" on Thursday. John Samuel αΩ It was only a matter of time. Michael Crider Quarter-pound beef patty, lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, mayo, ketchup, sesame seed bun. Bullshit you can't tell me that in 15 seconds. ilovetesla laziness at its best Brandon David Obert Isn't that a Big.... You know what never mind ilovetesla r u the real Michael Crider Michael Crider No, I kidnapped him and put him in a well in my basement and now I'm wearing his skin. ilovetesla i knew it...calling 108 ....wait ...i cant do it accessing ur disqus profile throws a 404 paxmos OK Google, what happened to Michael Crider? Carson Saldanha Nope, he's an imposter using polyjuice potion ilovetesla why dot you have the AP staff badge near your disqus name your companions artem and jeff has them Michael Crider I don't work here anymore. ilovetesla nnnnnnooooooo.....i didnt know that man........ roberto.elena Don't ex-cops get ex-cops' badges? Michael Crider I wish I could customize them but Disqus only lets one site have one badge. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Wow man..just like that? No farewell post nothing? You sir were one of my fav AP writers, even when you clearly had a different political alignment (like that matters...or does it?). Anyways all the best for your future endeavours. P.S. I would just like to take this opportunity while I can to express my sincere apologies for a reply I once posted under an article of yours covering the FBI app for most wanted criminals. I kinda photoshopped your profile pic and name in the screenshot for the app just for fun.. It got deleted instantly making me realise that maybe I shouldn't have(?) But I assure you it was just for fun, no disrespect intended. Well, so long. Powsniffer0110 He had a farewell article I thought. Jay Burger King's face right now. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a81da022eefe3eb5833231aa2593041d2bc8f33bbecb98f3e2dcba6e83e2d85d.jpg DJ SPY Haha this is pretty funny. Is it too much to ask for you guys to have a sense of humor? Why call it stupid? JSo It activates my phone but it tells me it can't recognize my voice. So they didn't get a search from me. Orlando aka Pixel XL Burger King use to be decent.... Syukri Lajin Oh look. an update. Whataburger must be enjoying those free advertising it's getting now. ROFL. this got me thinking, will they keep breaking the search results until it stops promoting a company? or will they actually fix it? lol Matt74UK Stupid? I think that was a rather amusing idea. I prefer the Big King to the Whopper though. mark555055d hmm, now the guy in the commercial can no longer use his Google home. :) Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Nah, all he needs is a helium balloon.. Ryan If only Google had allowed us to define our own activation phrases. NunjaBusiness I have been asking for that ever since the first iteration. I want so badly to say to my phone: "Bitch, what is the weather going to be tomorrow?" Adam Margeson I think that, if not for Trusted Voice, you would end up activating several people's devices given that were an option. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yet another reason why I'm glad I don't have Google Home or "Ok Google" enabled on my phone. Now, if he says "Alexa wikipedia whopper burger" next time, then I'd be in trouble. Тарас Мукин Well, the idea of putting "OK Google" in the commercial was pretty obvious. And to be honest — this is a really good execution. Clear and simple. I understand that it pisses people off, and I think I would be pissed too, but this is a good ad — executed good and works good (well, at leas worked until Google stepped in) Leahelm Thank goodness Google stepped up, hope BK and everyone else learns stuff like this is obnoxious. tim242 Google Home is obnoxious... Leahelm Lucky for you then you don't have to buy one Nogib Random aside: how is it that Amazon's TV ads don't trigger my Echo when they say "Alexa"? MisterAlex Amazon controls bot their own commercials and the back-end for Alexa search... so I'm guessing they make sure to put in exceptions to prevent talking to themselves. Sir_Brizz This, plus there are a few tricks that you can use to avoid this like checking for a specific background tone. Leonardo Baez Is a shit$# move from burger king.... But genius one as well. JD NO ONE CAN ADVERTISE IN CHEEKY FASHION EXCEPT US! - Google. Francois Roy Believe it or not, those Google bad foks disabled the command in Assistant, but NOT in OG Google Now!! XD Mike Miller The case could be made that this is already illegal and Burger King broke the law. Technically, it is an intentional and unauthorized use of someone else's personal device. I mean, it would be a ridiculous case, but the case could be made. MisterAlex Nah. You consent to too much "okay, I'm letting this thing listen to the world" fine print for that to ever hold water. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Burger King burgers are terrible. saimin Who is more evil? Burger King or Pepsi or United Airlines or Sean Spicer? tim242 United Airlines, Google, Sean Spicer, Pepsi...in that order. Notice, I added one and subtracted one. Max Johnson Out of all of those, I would say the diabetes inducing brand. Marcelove I don't usually call people bad names, but this article has a level of stupidity that is impossible to avoid: Corbin, do you only sucks Google's dick or you allow him to put in your ass too? It is Google's responsability that the device is being triggered by the commercial... So stop being a pussy trying to blame Burger King instead your boss (Google's ads paying AP). Following your thoughts, if you install Philip's lights at home and let Google Home control it, and a commercial is launched on tv about the lights, showing how it works , where a actor says the commands, making the lights at your home be changed, it is the maker of the ad responsible for this situation, and not Google... Typical case of someone trying to "blame the others", instead of blaming the real responsible for something that you don't like because the real responsible has some relation with you... Sir_Brizz WTFH? Of course it would be the ad maker's fault in your example. The ad creator acted in bad faith. I personally know I could probably activate all kinds of smart home commands through a TV commercial including turning on/off sprinklers, locking/unlocking doors, turning on/off lights, fireplaces, opening garages, etc. I don't do that because it would damage my reputation and brand to act in bad faith in that way. That's also why this commercial is so stupid. What does it do other than damage Burger King's reputation and brand? There is probably a higher than average chance that people who own devices this would activate already know what a "Whopper burger" is so it doesn't increase brand awareness. Best case scenario, you mildly piss people off. Not a great best case. Honestly, why would you even start to blame Google for this? They could do the same thing with Alexa or anything else. Makes you wonder why they specifically targeted Google devices. james fuston Still happening on my Google Home Andy J That's odd - it's been blacklisted on Google's end - doesn't require any updates on your end. Glich Trusted voice is only a Partial fix. I have it on my phone yet Jeff Jarvis on this week in google sets off my phone at least once per show.. some times 4-5 times.. Ibrahim Yusuf It never triggers for me, not for any video on the internet. Not even my brother can activate the Assistent on my phone Jovic Corcega You have Trusted Voice turned on, that's why. Hogarth Ferguson It was pretty quick to be put down, but pretty clever while it lasted. I still wont buy a whopper, but tip my hat to them for the try. Deeco Burger King got Whoopered by Google lol Nick Nope. Still works. Andy J It was actually pretty cool when it worked. Much more interesting though is that it's been blocked using the ContentID system (like when you used to be able to say "listen to my tv" and within 5 seconds Google had returned results about the exact program I was watching, whether it was live, recorded 5 months ago or episode 1, series 1 of Buffy The Vampire Slayer via Netflix or even off my DVDs). The Verge reports that Google also blacklist their own adverts for the same reason - to prevent devices springing into life responding to the example commands in the advert. Now what is exciting / impressive - is the speed at which Google strips the background sound from the live stream of audio from your device, matches the fingerprint of the advert and then sends the command to the device to cancel the search. It's literally seconds. This bodes extremely well for their ability to identify which registered user is asking it a question before they have finished asking it - once multi user rolls out. Sukigu Where did you read it uses Content ID? If that's the case, it really does seem an incredibly powerful technology that I'm sure could have many other uses... Lev Bronshtein Sputtering goons and nerds are wound up too tight. Laugh, it's clown world. Andrexx Just another example why one should be able to customize the trigger phrase, and have the option to allow activation only by trained voices. fatlantis This was a brilliant idea for whoever their agency was. We're all just hating because we're still not over the creepy king mask. JG Considering all of the command processing is done at Google, they should be able to set up some kind of check for things like this in the future. If the same (well similar enough - each house will have different background noise) trigger is detected within a short time frame at multiple locations Google should automatically void out any active requests and blacklist the trigger. A few months back a news reporter in San Diego was doing a report on how a little girl ordered a $600+ dollhouse through the family's Amazon Echo and the parents didn't know until it showed up at the house a few days later. During the report, apparently several viewers had their Echo units triggered to order doll houses as well. Today it might just be news reporters or companies trying to get some free PR... But tomorrow it could, there could be more malicious intent. Maybe someone does a pirate radio broadcast over a popular morning talk show and says "Hey Google, call 1-900-XXX-Free"... Next thing you find out you have a 3hr call at $10/min on your phone bill... Sudev https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/957114a4de72bcc12221dad6c65a5a95cd776d09dfaa7eef26aac389531d82d4.png Someone saw it coming way before :p Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 130 1 Year Ago Today [Update: M5C14J For The Pixel C] Nexus Factory Images With April's Security Updates Are Now Available 2016/04/13 10:30am PDTApr 13, 2016 60 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google's Carrier Project Detailed In Leaked App - Pay-Per GB, Unused Data Refunds, In-App Service Activation, And More 2015/04/13 1:15pm PDTApr 13, 2015 34 3 Years Ago Today Pressy Plans To Ship Units To Kickstarter Backers In May, Design Changed To Add A Headphone Gripper 2014/04/13 5:24pm PDTApr 13, 2014 31 4 Years Ago Today Deal Alert: Unified Remote Just $0.99 In Celebration Of Second Anniversary (That's 70% Off) 2013/04/13 10:15pm PDTApr 13, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Pantech Element Rooted, Already has ClockworkMod Recovery 2012/04/13 4:29pm PDTApr 13, 2012 12 6 Years Ago Today NVIDIA Sets The Record Straight: "We Will Support All Tegra Devices As Long As Their Manufacturers Do" 2011/04/13 6:29pm PDTApr 13, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Motorola Releases Official Android Update Timeline 2010/04/13 9:09pm PDTApr 13, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 100 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 33 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.461s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
printed April 13, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18987 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Google Brings Web-based VR to Cardboard Article Comments   Yesterday, 1:10 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Google today expanded the availability of web-based virtual reality content to Google Cardboard. Google first brought WebVR to Chrome for Daydream-compatible devices earlier this year. Now, most any Android handset can access virtual reality content through the Chrome browser with Google Cardboard. People who don't have Daydream or Cardboard viewers handy can use their mouse or finger to pan around 3D content directly in the browser. In addition to expanding web-based virtual reality to Cardboard, Google launched WebVR Experiments, a showcase of the experiences developers are building for browser-based virtual reality. There, people can take a look at and sample WebVR projects, apps, and games. more info at Google » more info at WebVR Experiments » Related Google news Android news AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 1 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register email address username password Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
No Ads Thursday | April 13, 2017 Trending White House walks thin line on support for Syrian regime change 04/12/17 12:35 AM Democrats encouraged about 2018 despite Kansas loss 04/12/17 12:52 AM How pro-Trump became a policy position 04/12/17 12:40 AM Trump and the humorless media 04/08/17 08:08 AM Republicans' not-exactly-overwhelming victory 04/12/17 01:03 AM Republicans hold Kansas House seat with late Trump support 04/11/17 10:49 PM Republicans hobble across the finish line in Kansas 04/12/17 12:03 AM Ruth Bader Ginsburg appears to confuse Lindsey Graham with a woman 04/11/17 11:31 AM China buys more U.S. coal, sends North Korea packing 04/11/17 06:35 PM Man who filmed the United Airlines passenger: 'I don't blame the security guards at all' 04/11/17 11:00 AM Trump: Hillary Clinton 'would be going to trial' if Comey wasn't 'very, very good' to her 04/12/17 07:08 AM Report: FISA court approved FBI's request to spy on Carter Page 04/11/17 07:52 PM WATCH: Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov calls out Andrea Mitchell's 'manners' 04/12/17 10:58 AM Free speech on college campuses continues to fall victim to politically correct craziness 04/11/17 08:00 PM Trump to lift hiring freeze on Wednesday 04/11/17 11:44 PM Chief Justice Roberts: 'Partisan hostility' a 'real danger' to Supreme Court 04/11/17 06:58 PM Ron Wyden, Maxine Waters to speak at Tax March calling for Trump's tax returns 04/12/17 12:01 AM Trump changes course, promises to reform healthcare before taxes 04/11/17 09:10 PM Trump: 'Does anybody really believe' Susan Rice didn't leak unmasking information for political gain? 04/12/17 07:54 AM What Trump should do if Assad uses chemical weapons in Syria again 04/11/17 08:27 PM Melania Trump wins settlement against Daily Mail over 'escort' allegation 04/12/17 07:21 AM Park Service: Illegals destroying federal lands, unsafe for camping 04/11/17 10:45 AM Saudi military pledges to share ISIS, Iran, Syrian intelligence with US 04/11/17 02:38 PM Smithsonian: US at 'historical point' for breweries, most ever 5,301 04/11/17 06:18 PM Arrests of illegal criminals jumps 250% in one week 04/08/17 12:15 PM Byron York: Donald Trump's Long March problem 04/12/17 05:33 PM Spicer: Hitler 'didn't even sink to using chemical weapons' 04/11/17 02:11 PM Trump: US troops are 'not going into Syria' 04/11/17 09:01 PM Tank, sub maker tapped to guard US-Mexico border 04/12/17 04:00 PM Even voters in liberal Massachusetts are sticking with Trump 04/12/17 10:27 AM Seth Rogen: 'Don't f—k with North Korea' 04/11/17 06:29 PM Byron York: With Syria attack, Trump uses element of surprise — on his voters 04/11/17 12:38 PM Number of stolen firearms rose in 2016, new report finds 04/12/17 12:12 AM Mattis: 'There's no doubt the Syrian regime is responsible' for chemical attack 04/11/17 03:41 PM No, Jeff Sessions did not call illegal immigrants 'filth' 04/11/17 03:35 PM Spicer apologizes for Hitler, chemical weapons remark 04/11/17 06:35 PM Ben Carson gets stuck in elevator in Miami 04/12/17 08:55 AM McConnell warns low Trump approval ratings imperil GOP majority 04/10/17 01:28 PM Donald Trump Jr.: I'm still waiting for celebrities who promised to move if Trump won to leave US 04/09/17 03:41 PM Former Bush press secretary Ari Fleischer: Take cameras out of the White House briefing room 04/12/17 09:31 AM NRA-NYT war escalates: 'Old gray hag, we're coming for you' 04/10/17 03:43 PM The American flags on the moon are disintegrating 04/11/17 01:07 PM Ivanka Trump the most-liked White House adviser in new poll 04/12/17 09:33 AM 'Vacation' Movers: Millennials quick to move, have no plans to stay 04/12/17 01:50 PM Republicans call on Congress to restrain NLRB 04/10/17 02:32 PM Former Clinton aide Jennifer Palmieri surprised by White House's conventional communication style 04/12/17 12:06 PM Reporters dig into past of United passenger 04/11/17 02:06 PM Digging into the United passenger's past is 'chickens**t journalism.' Here's why. 04/11/17 07:41 PM Obamacare uncertainty could force insurers out of the marketplaces 03/30/17 12:30 AM Mulvaney: Trump looking for input on how to cut the federal workforce 04/11/17 11:00 PM Home 2016 Election Politics Politics Home White House Congress Washington Secrets Campaigns Policy Policy Home Budgets & Deficits Health Care Economy Law Environment & Energy Technology Defense & National Security Special Reports Magazine Magazine Home Digital Edition Opinion Opinion Home Editorial Cartoons Editorials Columnists Op-Eds Commentary Series Watchdog Watchdog Home Investigative Series Beltway Confidential Media Video Newsletters Podcasts Employee Rights Act About Us About Us Editorial Advertise Contact Us The Washington Examiner http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/s3/wex15/img/wex_eagle_large.png The Washington Examiner 2017 Washington, DC Politics 2017-04-12 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/daily-caller-google-responsible-for-anti-semitic-search-results-on-our-story/article/2620136 2017-04-12T16:11 2017-04-12T18:37 Daily Caller: Google responsible for anti-Semitic search result The Daily Caller had nothing to do with an anti-Semitic cartoon that appeared this week next to Google search results for an op-ed about Jews, Germany and the White House press secretary, according to the group's editor in chief. That photo is Google's mistake. We chose a fairly boring photo of Sean Spicer to accompany the piece. We've reached out to Google and asked them to swiftly correct the image, the DC's Vince Coglianese told the Washington Examiner Wednesday. The op-ed, titled Spicer's Right: German Jews Weren't German, was published Tuesday evening. Its author, David Benkof, who is himself Jewish, argued that the White House press secretary was not wrong when he drew a distinction this week between Adolf Hitler's own people, and the German Jews he murdered during the Holocaust. Politics,Beltway Confidential,Opinion,Daily Caller,Germany,History,Media,Religion,Becket Adams,Commentary http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-9f8d9820973a27ccc4e231389ef59c52.jpg http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/730x420-9f8d9820973a27ccc4e231389ef59c52.jpg 730420 If you came across Benkhoff's article in a Google search, you would see the anti-Semitic cartoon. (Screengrab) Daily Caller: Google responsible for anti-Semitic search results on our story By T. Becket Adams (@becketadams) • 4/12/17 4:11 PM T. Adams Commentary Writer The Washington Examiner http://s3.amazonaws.com/content.washingtonexaminer.biz/images/static/authors/headshot-Adams-5.jpg Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More The Daily Caller had nothing to do with an anti-Semitic cartoon that appeared this week next to Google search results for an op-ed about Jews, Germany and the White House press secretary, according to the group's editor in chief. "That photo is Google's mistake. We chose a fairly boring photo of Sean Spicer to accompany the piece. We've reached out to Google and asked them to swiftly correct the image," the DC's Vince Coglianese told the Washington Examiner Wednesday. The op-ed, titled "Spicer's Right: German Jews Weren't German," was published Tuesday evening. Its author, David Benkof, who is himself Jewish, argued that the White House press secretary was not wrong when he drew a distinction this week between Adolf Hitler's "own people," and the German Jews he murdered during the Holocaust. "The Holocaust pretty much disproves the already-shaky claim that German Jews — who lost their citizenship seven years before the gas chambers were operational — were Germans," Benkof wrote. "I'm not excusing Hitler gassing them Heaven forbid, but Spicer was right that they weren't Hitler's own people," he added. "In fact, few of those gassed had any connection to Germany at all. The carnage was largely suffered by Polish and other Eastern European Jews; even counting Austria fewer than three percent (180,000) of the six million victims were from the Reich." If you came across Benkof's op-ed in a Google search, you would see the anti-Semitic cartoon illustrating that search result, leaving the impression that the either the author or the Daily Caller had included the image in his piece. How did this happen? Perhaps because Benkof, to illustrate the anti-Semitism he's encountered, linked to the cartoon. Also from the Washington Examiner Trump's coal push grinds into high gear Cabinet officials spread out to push clean coal, coal power plants and coal mining. By John Siciliano • 04/13/17 12:01 AM "I've personally been the victim of some ugly examples on the Daily Caller comments sections and on Twitter," he wrote. The Daily Caller's team was not at all pleased Wednesday by the development. "It looks like Google crawled the image Benkof linked to and made it the feature, for some reason. Google's looking into it," a person familiar with the issue told the Examiner. Also from the Washington Examiner Gorsuch begins first day at Supreme Court Justices on Thursday will decide whether to hear cases involving the First Amendment and police shootings. By Ryan Lovelace • 04/13/17 12:01 AM Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Comments Sign Up for the Examiner Today newsletter! Please enter your information below to begin receiving the Examiner Today newsletter. You must enter a valid email address in the field above! Thank you for signing up for the Examiner Today newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very soon. We're sorry, there was an error processing your newsletter signup. Please click here to visit our Newsletter Signup Center to register for this newsletter. TOPICS Beltway Confidential | Daily Caller | Germany | History | Media | Religion | Becket Adams Subscribe to Alerts + Beltway Confidential + Daily Caller + Germany + History + Media + Religion + Becket Adams Learn more about Washington Examiner's Alerts Loading Next Article × THANKS FOR SHARING! Sign up for the Examiner Today newsletter which delivers a must-read briefing with exclusive reports and cutting-edge insights direct to your mailbox. I’ve already done this. Please don't show this to me again Can't find what you're looking for? Home About Us Magazine & Archives Editorial Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Money April 12, 2017 6:12 pm New Burger King Whopper ad triggers Google Home devices By Angela Moon Reuters ; In this Thursday, April 25, 2013, photo, a car stops at the drive-thru at a Burger King restaurant near downtown Los Angeles. AP Photo/Nick Ut What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Fast-food chain Burger King said on Wednesday it will start televising a commercial for its signature Whopper sandwich that is designed to activate Google voice-controlled devices, raising questions about whether marketing tactics have become too invasive. Story continues below The 15-second ad starts with a Burger King employee holding up the sandwich saying, “You’re watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich. But I’ve got an idea. OK, Google, what is the Whopper burger?” If a viewer has the Google Home assistant or an Android phone with voice search enabled within listening range of the TV, that last phrase – “Hello Google, what is the Whopper burger?” – is intended to trigger the device to search for Whopper on Google and read out the finding from Wikipedia. READ MORE: Tim Hortons, Burger King to launch mobile app this spring “Burger King saw an opportunity to do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices,” said a Burger King representative. Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc. , said the ad is not in collaboration with Google . Google declined to comment and Wikipedia was not available for comment. The ad, which became available on YouTube on Wednesday, will run nationally during prime-time on networks such as Spike, Comedy Central, MTV, E! and Bravo, and also on late-night shows starring Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon. READ MORE: Burger King, Tim Hortons to curb antibiotics in chicken supply Some media outlets, including CNN Money, reported that Google Home stopped responding to the commercial shortly after the ad became available on YouTube. Voice-powered digital assistants such as Google Home and Amazon’s Echo have been largely a novelty for consumers since Apple’s Siri introduced the technology to the masses in 2011. The devices can have a conversation by understanding context and relationships, and many use them for daily activities such as sending text messages and checking appointments. Many in the industry believe the voice technology will soon become one of the main ways users interact with devices, and Apple, Google and Amazon are racing to present their assistants to as many people as possible. (Reporting by Angela Moon; Editing by Bill Trott) © 2017 Thomson Reuters Report an error Burger King Burger King ad Burger King Google Ad Burger King Google Home assistant Google Google Home assistant Editor's Picks Canada Could you handle a 33 per cent interest-rate hike on your debt? If not, start paying it off now Canada Analysis: On the eve of Malala visit, it’s clear we could use more feminist prime ministers Politics Airstrikes in Syria further complicate Trump's relationship with Russia Canada Have you heard about savings loans? Think carefully before signing up for one Sports With no NHL, who will play for Team Canada at the 2018 Olympics? Canada Federal financial consumer protection agency sounds alarm about credit repair companies Canada Facebook introduces new tools to combat 'revenge porn' FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now David Dao launches legal action against United Airlines over forceful removal 22450 8-year-old boy craves cheeseburger, drives dad's van to McDonald's 20844 1st U.S female Muslim judge found dead by Hudson River 7439 Video captures the argument moments before David Dao dragged off United Airlines flight 6806 United Airlines drags Montrealer to court over parody website 5002 Sponsored content Popular Videos Witness onboard United Airlines flight describes what led to man being dragged off plane WATCH NOW Pod of hungry orcas hunt for sea lion between boats WATCH NOW Is there any legal recourse for the United passenger dragged off his flight? WATCH NOW United Airlines CEO: Law enforcement will never remove passenger from overbooked plane again WATCH NOW United investigates after passenger dragged off overbooked flight WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Malcolm Turnbull Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Arvind Kejriwal News Sci/Tech Burger King debuts Whopper ad that triggers Google Home devices Shares1 Thu, 13 Apr 2017-03:33am , Reuters Fast-food chain Burger King said on Wednesday it will start televising a commercial for its signature Whopper sandwich that is designed to activate Google voice-controlled devices, raising questions about whether marketing tactics have become too invasive. The 15-second ad starts with a Burger King employee holding up the sandwich saying, "You're watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich. But I've got an idea. OK, Google, what is the Whopper burger?" If a viewer has the Google Home assistant or an Android phone with voice search enabled within listening range of the TV, that last phrase - "Hello Google, what is the Whopper burger?" - is intended to trigger the device to search for Whopper on Google and read out the finding from Wikipedia. "Burger King saw an opportunity to do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices," said a Burger King representative. Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc. , said the ad is not in collaboration with Google . Google declined to comment and Wikipedia was not available for comment. The ad, which became available on YouTube on Wednesday, will run nationally during prime-time on networks such as Spike, Comedy Central, MTV, E! and Bravo, and also on late-night shows starring Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon. Some media outlets, including CNN Money, reported that Google Home stopped responding to the commercial shortly after the ad became available on YouTube. Voice-powered digital assistants such as Google Home and Amazon's Echo have been largely a novelty for consumers since Apple's Siri introduced the technology to the masses in 2011. The devices can have a conversation by understanding context and relationships, and many use them for daily activities such as sending text messages and checking appointments. Many in the industry believe the voice technology will soon become one of the main ways users interact with devices, and Apple, Google and Amazon are racing to present their assistants to as many people as possible. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech You can now enjoy Netflix, Youtube on Bharti Airtel’s Internet TV for Rs 4,999 Sci/Tech Acer introduces new range of PCs for immersive gaming experience Sci/Tech Samsung Galaxy S8 to launch without one key feature! Sci/Tech Cisco launches 5th global cyber range lab in Gurugram Sci/Tech Watch: Science explains it's physics, not your clumsiness that unties shoelaces Sci/Tech Second 'Great Spot' discovered on Jupiter Video WATCH: This video claims liquor ban won't end drunk driving deaths, this is what will! WATCH: 69-year-old Asian man forcefully dragged off United Airlines, left bleeding WATCH: Safari park visitor screams in shock as a camel pokes its face inside her car View all Tags Burger King Apple Siri Wikipedia BRAVO Comedy Central Jimmy Fallon Jimmy Kimmel MTV Google Home Amazon Amazon Echo CNN Money Spike SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Centre, ECI to reply on plea against use of EVMs without VVPAT US sees India as key nation in Asia Pacific region: Pentagon CMD of news channel arrested for disturbing communal harmony BJP to work in coordination with allies in Goa: Parrikar BJP to work in coordination with allies in Goa: Parrikar Sport Kohli returns for RCB ahead of IPL clash against MI 'May the Flame of Liberty glow' - When Sehwag slammed 'idiot Dyer' to mark Jallianwala Bagh massacre Joshna's fight ends in agony in women's World Squash quarters Kohli returns for RCB ahead of IPL clash against MI Kohli returns for RCB ahead of IPL clash against MI Entertainment When Chunky thought he wouldn't get a role in 'Begum Jaan' Why Ranbir Kapoor's won half the battle for the Sanjay Dutt biopic! Shaban Azmi is 'very proud' of her 'bachcha' Sonam Kapoor Nat Award for Sonam glorious validation of her talent: Azmi Buffett foundation to unveil plan to help girls of colour Money Cottonseed oilcake futures fall by Rs 21 a quintal Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Burger King debuts Whopper ad that triggers Google Home devices By Reuters Published: 18:01 EDT, 12 April 2017 | Updated: 18:01 EDT, 12 April 2017 e-mail By Angela Moon NEW YORK, April 12 (Reuters) - Fast-food chain Burger King said on Wednesday it will start televising a commercial for its signature Whopper sandwich that is designed to activate Google voice-controlled devices, raising questions about whether marketing tactics have become too invasive. The 15-second ad starts with a Burger King employee holding up the sandwich saying, "You're watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich. But I've got an idea. OK, Google, what is the Whopper burger?" If a viewer has the Google Home assistant or an Android phone with voice search enabled within listening range of the TV, that last phrase - "Hello Google, what is the Whopper burger?" - is intended to trigger the device to search for Whopper on Google and read out the finding from Wikipedia. "Burger King saw an opportunity to do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices," said a Burger King representative. Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc. , said the ad is not in collaboration with Google . Google declined to comment and Wikipedia was not available for comment. The ad, which became available on YouTube on Wednesday, will run nationally during prime-time on networks such as Spike, Comedy Central, MTV, E! and Bravo, and also on late-night shows starring Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon. Some media outlets, including CNN Money, reported that Google Home stopped responding to the commercial shortly after the ad became available on YouTube. Voice-powered digital assistants such as Google Home and Amazon's Echo have been largely a novelty for consumers since Apple's Siri introduced the technology to the masses in 2011. The devices can have a conversation by understanding context and relationships, and many use them for daily activities such as sending text messages and checking appointments. Many in the industry believe the voice technology will soon become one of the main ways users interact with devices, and Apple, Google and Amazon are racing to present their assistants to as many people as possible. (Reporting by Angela Moon; Editing by Bill Trott) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: Beaming Janet Jackson emerges with baby Eissa for first time amid claims she craved 'freedom' during failed marriage to Wissam Al Mana Booty-ful and promising! Kim Kardashian wows in skintight gold dress at The Promise premiere  Star-studded film screening Date night! Jennifer Aniston dons cleavage-baring maxi dress as she enjoys dinner in Paris with husband Justin Theroux She's fabulous 'He was desperately unhappy': Friends share sad final days of Heath Ledger's life as his family say daughter Matilda is a constant reminder of her father Lucy Mecklenburgh flaunts her flat stomach and enviably toned figure in a strapless scarlet bikini as she continues her blissful LA getaway Forget spending hundreds of pounds on whiter teeth! How £8 CHARCOAL polish will give you an A-list smile... (and it's available at Boots)  SPONSORED Brand it like Beckham: Victoria turns her daughter Harper into a trademark for make-up, toys and clothing at just FIVE years old Brand Beckham Magic Johnson's daughter Elisa flaunts her sexy bikini bod in skimpy swimsuit as she packs on the PDA with her beau Anthony in Miami Beach Taking the plunge! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts cleavage in VERY low cut black pantsuit at premiere of The Promise Hollywood premiere  Gigi Hadid shows off her enviable model figure in bedazzled grey crop top and matching trousers in New York City Top of the crops 'Sun's out!' Ferne McCann embraces the UK's warm weather by stripping down to a black spandex 'Jenner' bikini and posing seductively by a pool Fuel fury! Doctor Who fans are left raging with new Time Lord sidekick Pearl Mackie as she makes TARDIS gaffe on The One Show Plays newcomer Bill 'I'm proud that I'm normal': Rita Ora on reveals why she loves her thighs and womanly curves as she flaunts her athletic figure in new shoot Selena Gomez and The Weeknd go their separate ways after spending the night together at her LA home Sometimes they look inseparable Marnie Simspon suffers a wardrobe malfunction by going braless in a semi-sheer dress at charity bash... and comes face-to-face with ex Lewis Bloor Experts reveal easy hacks to make your family's life healthier  From cooking classes, to colourful and delicious family dinners. SPONSORED Olivia Culpo looks radiant in colorful floral blouse at Alice + Olivia event alongside attendees including Frieda Pinto and Leona Lewis 'What size are your feet?': Kate Wright sizzles in an EXTREMELY plunging swimsuit but her sexy Instagram post is overshadowed 'I've read the front cover': Sam Faiers' boyfriend Paul Knightley admits he HASN'T read his girlfriend's book about him and their baby on The Mummy Diaries Little Mix's Jesy Nelson sparks speculation she has split from TOWIE's Chris Clark by UNFOLLOWING him... one month after confirming romance Rebekah Vardy consoles husband Jamie over Champions League loss in Madrid... as she sports his Leicester City strip to support him pitch side 'You're miserable and fake!' Megan McKenna screams at Pete Wicks on the street... as Chloe Sims brands her an 'attention seeker who plays the victim' 'I'm dating a younger, better looking, Cindy': Smitten Spencer Matthews gushes his girlfriend Vogue Williams is more attractive than supermodel Crawford Host with the most! Westworld star Angela Sarafyan shows off her fabulous figure in sheer lace dress at The Promise premiere Westworld actress Three generations! Caitlyn Jenner enjoys family day out with son Brandon and granddaughter Eva Playing grandparent to the little ones TOWIE's Megan McKenna rocks bodycon dress and distressed denim jacket as she rubs shoulders with ex Pete Wicks at charity event 'Don't bother zooming in': Nicki Minaj teases fans as she 'blurs' her sheer top in Instagram post Took to the streets of Los Angeles  Effortless beauty! Olivia Culpo is the classic girl-next-door while dressed in a simple T-shirt and jeans for day out in LA Looks fantastic His leading lady! Jolly Christian Bale shows off elegant wife Sibi as they wear black to The Promise premiere He was the movie's leading man Pregnant Whitney Port runs errands in sporty attire of yoga pants and lightweight jacket The reality star carried an iced beverage in one hand and a store bag  Match made in heaven: Jennifer Aniston goes for casual chic in camel coat as she coordinates with Justin Theroux on romantic Paris break Epitome of Parisian chic Watch out there's a new Housewife in town! Socialite Tinsley Mortimer makes debut appearance on RHONY...but still misses Palm Beach Josh Patterson gets reflective as he shares a shot of bikini-clad girlfriend Binky Felstead while she cradles her baby bump in the Indian Ocean at sunset James Corden's wife Julia Carey puts on a leggy display while hand-in-hand with her beau... as he confirms he is bringing The Late Late Show to the UK TOWIE star Dan Edgar hits back at claims he is 'embarrassed' by new flame Amber Turner... as the couple keep coy over split rumours Social media spat Casey Batchelor puts on a VERY busty display in plunging black jumpsuit as pal Vicky Pattison shows off her gym-honed curves in orange bodycon  Alesha Dixon teases her lacy lingerie in a demure wrap dress as she steps out for star-studded charity event... hours after launching new series of BGT Ex On The Beach's Jess Impiazzi puts on a very cheeky display as she flashes her pert derriere in completely sheer dress at charity bash Cheeky! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, flashes the flesh in ripped shorts and flame themed crop top during spring break in Miami Holiday  This old thing? I made it myself! Nancy Dell'Olio turns up for Christie's charity auction event in dress that she created  Glam  Let me fix you! David Burtka adjusts husband Neil Patrick Harris' tie as the duo appear on the red carpet for Broadway play In And Of Itself Made for each other PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Jamie Dornan's wife Amelia Warner opts for folksy chic as they enjoy blissful day in the sun with daughters Dulcie and Phoebe Sheer beauty! Jasmin Walia leaves little to the imagination as she goes braless underneath a racy PVC dress while reuniting with her former TOWIE co-stars Ella Eyre oozes glamour in a satin corset and statement fur jacket... as she steps out for beauty launch just a week after her dad passes away 'It was my first major heartbreak': Lorde opens up about the inspiration behind new album following rumours of split from long-term boyfriend James Lowe Sara Sampaio wows in a black jumping with dangerously plunging neckline as she dines at celeb hot spot Spago in Beverly Hills Elegant Tyga heads out in pricey Mercedes just hours after being detained by cops... as his music company skips paying $250k in lawsuit Lisa Kudrow joins Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin to guest star on new season of Netflix series Grace and Frankie The former Friends star is a manicurist EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Unease as Camilla Parker Bowles will appear in third season of Netflix series The Crown Fun-loving girlfriend  Stephen Belafonte 'reports ex to LAPD after she attempts to cash in on Mel B's domestic abuse claims by threatening to make up he abused her  'It's gonna be great!' Jimmy Fallon and Harry Styles hilariously try to outdo each other in promo for FIRST live coast-to-coast SNL Dynamic duo 'The four of us are really in sync': Fifth Harmony's remaining members insist communication is better than ever after Camila Cabello's departure Braless Amanda Holden shows off her sensational figure in a backless cream gown as she turns heads at Britain's Got Talent launch Oprah Winfrey believes her long-running talk show was her 'greatest therapy' and says she's never seen a shrink In conversation Date night! Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis are casually stylish as they pack on the PDA at off Broadway opening Showed off her natural beauty How times change... Millie Mackintosh takes charge as she returns for Britain's Next Top Model stint... six years after failing to impress in three-second audition Sylvester Stallone sues WB for 'fraud' and 'obviously intentional dishonesty' over its accounting for his 1993 film Demolition Man Legal action Flying high! Chrissy Teigen smiles away as she jets out of LA after revealing she is no longer suffering from postpartum depression Good news EXCLUSIVE 'I feel guilty all the time': Sam Faiers on life as a working mum and how her 'creepy' proposal hints are paying off with beau Paul Knightley Gordon Ramsay's daughter Tilly once sat next to Jennifer Lopez on the plane... despite chef's claims he would NEVER let his children fly first class Daddy-daughter time! Ashton Kutcher holds his daughter Wyatt's lunch box as the pair enjoy a sunny stroll together Doting dad Coachella makeover! Newly brunette Lady Gaga goes to cosmetic clinic three days before highly-anticipated headline gig Going darker Gemma Arterton ditches her usual red carpet style for a tailored suit and looks sensational as she continues to promote new movie Their Finest Fashionable flyers! Paris Hilton rocks leather leggings and matching beret as she and beau Chris Zylka return to LA after NYC visit It's Dumble-Law! Jude set to play a young Albus in Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them sequel Surprising casting announcement Revealing Rita! Ora flaunts her ample cleavage and black lace bra beneath sheer tank as she shops in Beverly Hills Buxom beauty Real Housewives star Lisa Rinna, 53, and her model daughter Delilah Belle, 18, look more like sisters in bikini snap Like mother, like daughter 'She's the perfect woman': TOWIE'S Liam 'Gatsby' Blackwell reveals he is dating stunning Swedish model Isabella Cirinski New love 'I was an emotional mess': Plus-size model Tess Holliday shares snap of herself breastfeeding, as she details her struggle 'to find her way as a mom' Newly-single Megan McKenna prepares for EPIC showdown as she comes face to face with ex Pete Wicks and 'fling' Chloe Sims during TOWIE filming 'It only took us one month to get pregnant': Heidi Pratt reveals she and husband Spencer are expecting their first baby Baby joy! Always chic! Michelle Williams arrives in Los Angeles from Paris in style wearing striped coat and pink ballet shoes Jet-setter Hairy armpits don't make you feminist! AMANDA PLATELL questions the authenticity of Lourdes'  'shave slave' rebellion Feminist statement? Catch of the day! Supermodel Heidi Klum dares to bare as she drops her bikini top to go fishing on luxury trip in the Caribbean  Risque Dressed to kill: JO WOOD on her wardrobe treasure and her many fashion faux pas Here, the rock 'n' roll matriarch reveals her style secrets 'No caption needed': Vicky Pattison proudly flaunts her three stone weight loss in very sexy underwear after returning from romantic trip to Dubai 'This is why I'm still single': Charlize Theron details 'awkward' interactions with dating app suitors... as gal pal Chelsea Handler tried to set her up Double duty! Josh Brolin cast as Cable in Deadpool 2... which will be his second Marvel franchise role The actor's second Marvel gig 'What makes you YOU is that you are imperfectly perfect!': Iskra Lawrence shares sizzling poolside snap with inspiring message to her fans Olivia Munn's ex Aaron Rodgers had been making 'drastic changes' including working out with Nick Jonas instead of team amid split That's her beach baby! Kendra Wilkinson flashes physique in bathing suit as she cosies up to husband Hank Baskett during Hawaiian getaway Darling, you should visit a brothel: What Carly Simon told ex-husband Jim Hart husband as passion died between them  Shock claims Is that you Elle Woods? Reese Witherspoon channels Legally Blonde character as she steps out in hot pink blouse with matching heels Think pink Shabby chic! Kate Hudson enjoys relaxed day in ripped denim overalls with bib undone along with disposable flip-flops after mani-pedi Casual 'I've never had a bad break-up': Chris Evans says he's still pals with his exes following recent split from Jenny Slate On good terms 'I'm ready to date someone new': Singer Nelly Furtado reveals secret SPLIT from her husband Demacio Castellon as she seeks to help her love life 'Pinkie Lott': Pixie flaunts bubblegum locks while stepping out in a racy tiger print mini dress to film for Celebrity Juice's Easter special EXCLUSIVE! 'I'm not leaving': Ollie Locke slams rumours he has quit Made In Chelsea and affirms he and Binky Felstead 'come as a pair' Cheeky pose! Kerry Katona shows off her derriere in a thong as she undergoes a non-surgical bum lift in a bid to stay trim following two stone weight loss 'High fats and no carbs': Vanessa Hudgens reveals her secret for losing 10lbs as she shapes up her sexy body Body confident Sheer model madness: Gigi Hadid accidentally flashes her bra in see-through top as she goes for gym run in New York City Wardrobe malfunction Demi Lovato flashes the flesh in eccentric feathered frock with mesh paneling as she prepares for music video shoot New music Ring any bells? Mark Wright and Michelle Keegan get all nostalgic as they return to the church they got married in ahead of second anniversary Bathing beauty Gigi Hadid wears striped swimsuit on the cover of Vogue Netherlands (and reveals she ate pancakes on the set) Cover girl  'It becomes like a feeding frenzy': Real Housewives Of New York Ramona Singer, 60, reveals why she stays off social media Offline Racy drama Versailles is set to get EVEN raunchier as pregnant Madame de Montespan strips off for explicit sex scene with King Louis XIV No drama here! Tiffany Watson and Frankie Gaff share a giggle during filming... as Sam Thompson's heated row with Jamie Laing is set to escalate Here comes trouble! Kelly Ripa lets her sporty bomber jacket do all the talking as she heads to the gym in New York Making a statement 'I'm not ashamed': Survivor's Zeke Smith reveals he is transgender and explains why he kept it a secret from fellow competitors  'I've NEVER had a boyfriend': Olympic gymnast Simone Biles, 20, reveals she has only ever been on 'ONE proper date' - but admits it went well  Bella Thorne reveals she'd love to date Kristen Stewart but finds flirting with women 'confusing'... as she channels Marilyn Monroe in sexy shoot 'Worst feeling in the world': Love Island's Nathan Massey confirms split from Cara de la Hoyde following 'best summer of their lives' FIRST LOOK: Lily Cole looks dramatically different as she transforms into flame-haired royal Elizabeth I in dramatic new role Docu-drama series Second round pick! Vin Diesel was not the first choice to star in The Fast And The Furious... studio bosses wanted Justified's Timothy Olyphant Donna Air cuts a casual figure in a flirty Breton minidress as she leaves pedicure appointment with her trainers in hand Post-pedi Alesha Dixon commands attention in a stylish crop top with figure-hugging fishtail skirt as she hits the red carpet for Britain's Got Talent launch 'We don't schedule - yet!': Jenna Dewan talks sex with husband Channing Tatum and reveals plans for baby number two Feeling broody  Fishing for followers? Katie Salmon treats her fans to ANOTHER saucy bikini snap flaunting her ample bust in series of skimpy bikinis Not camera shy Shia LaBeouf moves to remote cabin in Finland to live alone for a month for art project... just a week after meltdown over French fries New project EXCLUSIVE: Not just a holiday romance! Scott Eastwood steps out in New York with same brunette he flirted with on an Australian beach New girl Rebel without a cause! Elle Fanning makes explicit fashion statement as she films I Think We're Alone Now 'Same s***, different day,' she said No shirt? No problem! Victoria's Secret Angels frolic on the beach while showing off their enviable physiques in lacy bras for festival-themed commercial Karlie Kloss displays her supermodel shape in a plunging black swimsuit as she goes behind the lens to photograph new clothing collection Don Draper would approve! Mad Men favourite Jon Hamm buys stylish new bachelor pad for $3.4million Swanky pad No wonder he's smiling! Grumpy Doc Martin gets a sweet smooch from his wife Louise in romantic new scenes Got to work on ITV drama Eddie Murphy's older brother Charlie dies at 57 after battle with leukemia TMZ reported the comic died at a hospital in New York City 'You can never handle the reality': EOTB's Ashleigh Defty teases with titillating snaps as she bares her pert derriere in barely-there bikini 'It can be really scary': Stranger Things star Shannon Purser reveals distress she experienced coming to terms with her sexuality Justice for Barb 'We didn't know the risks': Loose Women's Nadia Sawalha and Linda Robson express regret as they admit to drinking and smoking during first pregnancies Nothing but her Calvins! Hailey Baldwin goes TOPLESS as she models designer underwear for ELLE Highlighted her taut torso and toned legs Christine Bleakley reveals she saved Frank Lampard's LIFE by pushing him out the way of falling scaffolding as she has a 'spooky sixth sense' Can you strand the heat? Love Island's Olivia Buckland strips down to red lingerie for racy new shoot... to promote her line of hair extensions 'I couldn't ask for a better person to be the mother of my children': Dakota Meyer shares photo of pregnant wife Bristol Palin at her final ultrasound 'I'm open to one more': Tori Spelling talks having a SIXTH child as she reveals baby Beau has made marriage to Dean 'feel like new' Expanding again 'I have the most feminine a**!' Michelle Rodriguez reveals the challenges of playing a MAN in controversial 'transgender thriller' The Assignment Gemma Collins flaunts her weight loss in a black lace dress as she joins her TOWIE co-stars for a day at Chessington theme park  'You were s***ging every Tom, Dick and Harry!' Marnie Simpson lashes out at Lewis Bloor over his cheating as the exes lock horns in furious Twitter spat Janet Jackson moves out of London townhouse she shared with estranged husband Wissam Al Mana as their five-year marriage comes to an end  Prince Charles' secret tension with newlyweds William and Kate: How the royal was 'irked' by the couple's 'tasteless' photo opportunities on their 2011 Canada tour Jemma Lucy leaves very little to the imagination as she flaunts her eye-popping assets in barely-there bikini during Spanish break  Little Mix's Jesy Nelson squeezes her chest into an ab-flashing skimpy sports bra as she prepares to take the stage with bandmates in New Orleans A Wonder Woman indeed! Gal Gadot looks every inch the leading lady as she shows off some skin on the cover of W Magazine Posing on the cover Bisexual George Shelley goes public with his model boyfriend Matthew Holehouse as they pose shirtless for cheeky Instagram snap Instagram official 'I will miss this place!' Strictly judge Craig Revel Horwood puts his beloved Camden home on the market for £1.2M... 20 years after purchasing it for £149K 'It plays havoc': Martine McCutcheon reveals she now has LYME disease as well as M.E. as she claims her illnesses make her lose weight slower No More Drama! Mary J. Blige, 46, shows off age-defying physique in tight red jumpsuit as the Rnb superstar performs in Melbourne She hasn't aged Girls Just Want to Have Fun! Cyndi Lauper thrills fans in Perth as she performs with Blondie's Debbie Harry who makes a VERY bold statement on her T-shirt Mel B looks frustrated as she 'fails to get into a storage unit in LA'... after claiming THAT nanny is extorting her over sex tapes kept in a lock up Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions Blenders Coffee Machines Cookers Dishwashers Fans Freezers More Fridge Freezers Fridges Garden Tools Irons Kettles Kitchen Gadgets Microwaves Mixers Ovens Personal Care Smart Home Steam Cleaners Toasters Tumble Dryers Vacuum Cleaners Washer Dryers Washing Machines Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Smart Home News / Burger King’s Google Home stunt offers horrifying glimpse into future of TV commercials Burger King’s Google Home stunt offers horrifying glimpse into future of TV commercials by Chris Smith 9 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Anyone who has experienced using the “OK, Google” feature on Android devices or the Google Home speaker will know it can be a little too keen to pipe up, without advertisers seeking to exploit it. A crafty advertisement from Burger King asks viewers: “OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?" forcing any Google Assistant device within earshot to advertise the flame-grilled tweet by reading from the Wikipedia page. How annoying is that? Of course, this is the internet, where for every action there is a completely over the top, vengeful reaction to even the score. As such, there have been plenty of edits to the Whooper burger’s Wikipedia page in the last few hours. One of which (via Engadget) altered the product description to: "The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100% rat and toenail clippings with no preservatives or fillers, topped with sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce, pickles, ketchup and mayonnaise, served on a sesame seed bun.” Speaking to BuzzFeed News, Burger King described the ad as a way to use “technology to essentially punch through the fourth wall.” President José Cil also claimed it was a “cool way to connect directly with our guests.” We can only assume that in using the word “guests” he also means the millions of unassuming people with compatible devices that wouldn’t choose to eat a Whopper for said King's ransom. Contrary to reports claiming Google has disabled the functionality, we were just able to summon the Assistant by playing the ad. Burger King’s stunt is in contrast to the 2001 Xbox One commercial that accidentally turned on people’s consoles when the phrase was uttered by Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul. A bit of harmless fun? Or an invasion? A cheeky one off? Or a sign of things to come? Share your take in the comments below. Latest Deals From Ebay Google Home - White/Slate Fabric ✔✔ BRAND NEW ✔✔ 1 Yr US Warranty ✔✔ SHIPS Free $178.24 View Item Google Wifi system - Router whole home cover NIB Factory sealed $137.10 View Item NEW Google WiFi Router Home System 3 Points Pack Kit Dual-Band Bluetooth SEALED $299.95 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 58 Plus 1 on G+ 259 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares382 News Videos Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Always-listening voice assistants, like Google Now/Assistant or Alexa, can't really tell the difference between you talking and someone else (unless you have Trusted Voice enabled on Android). Maybe you've watched a few tech videos where someone said "Ok Google," and your phone started talking back. Burger King seems to be the first company to purposely trigger Google Now/Assistant in a television ad. In the below video, a Burger King employee says "Ok Google, what is the whopper burger," right before the ad ends: As mentioned above, turning on Trusted Voice on your Android devices gets around this, but the Google Home has no such option. Searching Google Trends for "what is the whopper burger" shows a graph of Burger King's victims: If you wanted to be funny and edit the Whopper page on Wikipedia to say something else, the page has already been locked due to vandalism. It also looks like someone from Burger King changed the page immediately before rolling out the ad to list the ingredients at the top (which has since been reverted). Let us know in the comments below if you've seen the ad on TV. Source: Buzzfeed Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Google disabled the voice command for Burger King's commercial 😂😂 (it previously worked) pic.twitter.com/xDWF4wDS1Z — Niv Dror (@Nivo0o0) April 12, 2017 End of Update Tags burger king google assistant google now google search hotword OK Google okay google video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon Galaxy Note5 and S6 edge+ receiving Android 7.0 Nougat updates ... Next Story Qualcomm ordered to pay out nearly a billion dollars to BlackBerry over royalty dispute Trending 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments TechGuy22 ah Sup Hah. That's actually quite smart. MJ Pissing off potential customers is smart? Nicholas C They will get tons of free attention from this. So yea. Sup People get pissed off so easily :/ EowynCarter Well, yeah, I don't like ads. So intrusive ad like this tends to get the opposite effect. MisterAlex If I'd theoretically been watching cable television (which I don't subscribe to) and this ad came on and triggered my phone and/or Home, I'd be far more amused than irritated. And it's not like Google would have ever let it last long, anyway. Impulse_Vigil It's amusing for all of 5s, sets a bad precedent and encourages a drove of similar stunts tho. Ryan Johnson Yeah what a shame that people get pissed off from having some advertisement take advantage of their devices to read marketing BS at them. Not to mention editing & hassling Wikipedia to have the first paragraph say what they want. Everyone already knows what the Whopper is anyway AndroidUser00110001 Funny... Kieron Quinn In before someone really good at SEO makes a site which takes over the card read out by the Home to say something against BK Kieron Quinn Or, as it's been done before, simply edit the wikipedia page at the right time so the spider resets the text to say it Corbin Davenport The Whopper page is already edit locked. Kieron Quinn Shame. Will have to be an elaborate SEO trick then My1 it's semi-locked only though. meaning only registered members can edit iirc. Pessimippopotamus Google Home needs trained voice recognition like yesterday. the_secret The article does mention "trusted voice" can be enabled, like today! Suicide_Note Not on Google Home devices it can't. EcE Reading and comprehension is hard. nxtiak Trusted voice is only on phones. UniBroW Beta product is Beta ilovetesla this is not stupid , its smart guys EcE It's bullshit. MisterAlex No, it's brilliant. It is obvious from the onset that the voice response would be disabled on the back-end by Google—so it would, at worst, be a nuisance for Home owners for a very brief time. But we're all watching the video and discussing it. This very short, very low-budget video has more than done its job. EcE Sure, it got people talking about it but I'm sure everyone who got caught off guard by it went running to their nearest BK. Marcelove If you are an idiot, then sure it is bullshit. EcE aaaaand blocked Powsniffer0110 Wahhh JD Stupid like a fox. Kwetsima Maluleke Hmm. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd13dabd7f3d4c34cb64cf739e07667abaae63d75d00f8bde0825356ec5533c0.png Dallas King https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9e0913e1541e50871ddd3c59f560aa29f35950c5071a10e04a0b71e1f539d4e6.jpg MJ It should be illegal (but it is not nor will ever be) and Google should do something about it? The only thing they can do and should do is allow owners to change the activation phase or enable Trusted Voice on the Android Home. David Brideau LOLLLLL! mondeca Thank goodness I always fast-forward through commercials. deprofeet Brilliant... mondeca Of course this triggered an edit war on the Wikipedia page for the Whopper. JD Soon all commercials will just be "Ok Google, tell me about x" Syukri Lajin should we blame them? or Google's suck-ass voice recognition? ilovetesla turning on trusted voice is the only way out of this issue but AP says home doesnt support trusted voice Biff Wonsley Another way is to let us change the Google in OK Google to Jarvis, Beavis, Nadine, whatever. Google deserves this for not letting us customize. ilovetesla saying OK Google sucks, custom trigger voices must be made zurcaled11 This is an evolution of the Google Home Beauty and the Beast ad. Google definitely is in on it. And unfortunately it makes me want the Google Home less. demarcmj Google was not "in on it" (per the source article) But I agree stuff like this only makes me less interested in a Google Home (even though my interest level was very low to begin with). zurcaled11 You are right, the update to the article definitely makes it clear Google was not OK with it. If you want ads pushed through Google Home, you apparently have to go through Google! demarcmj Very interesting. They moved pretty fast on that. Andy J As they should of, this ad was harmless - but the next one - might not be. And as people often leave the room during adverts - a lot of people wouldn't necessarily be there to witness it adding a calendar entry or adding something to a shopping list - or further into the future - record "exciting new program" on Thursday. John Samuel αΩ It was only a matter of time. Michael Crider Quarter-pound beef patty, lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, mayo, ketchup, sesame seed bun. Bullshit you can't tell me that in 15 seconds. ilovetesla laziness at its best Brandon David Obert Isn't that a Big.... You know what never mind ilovetesla r u the real Michael Crider Michael Crider No, I kidnapped him and put him in a well in my basement and now I'm wearing his skin. ilovetesla i knew it...calling 108 ....wait ...i cant do it accessing ur disqus profile throws a 404 paxmos OK Google, what happened to Michael Crider? Carson Saldanha Nope, he's an imposter using polyjuice potion ilovetesla why dot you have the AP staff badge near your disqus name your companions artem and jeff has them Michael Crider I don't work here anymore. ilovetesla nnnnnnooooooo.....i didnt know that man........ roberto.elena Don't ex-cops get ex-cops' badges? Michael Crider I wish I could customize them but Disqus only lets one site have one badge. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Wow man..just like that? No farewell post nothing? You sir were one of my fav AP writers, even when you clearly had a different political alignment (like that matters...or does it?). Anyways all the best for your future endeavours. P.S. I would just like to take this opportunity while I can to express my sincere apologies for a reply I once posted under an article of yours covering the FBI app for most wanted criminals. I kinda photoshopped your profile pic and name in the screenshot for the app just for fun.. It got deleted instantly making me realise that maybe I shouldn't have(?) But I assure you it was just for fun, no disrespect intended. Well, so long. Powsniffer0110 He had a farewell article I thought. Jay Burger King's face right now. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a81da022eefe3eb5833231aa2593041d2bc8f33bbecb98f3e2dcba6e83e2d85d.jpg DJ SPY Haha this is pretty funny. Is it too much to ask for you guys to have a sense of humor? Why call it stupid? JSo It activates my phone but it tells me it can't recognize my voice. So they didn't get a search from me. Orlando aka Pixel XL Burger King use to be decent.... Syukri Lajin Oh look. an update. Whataburger must be enjoying those free advertising it's getting now. ROFL. this got me thinking, will they keep breaking the search results until it stops promoting a company? or will they actually fix it? lol Matt74UK Stupid? I think that was a rather amusing idea. I prefer the Big King to the Whopper though. mark555055d hmm, now the guy in the commercial can no longer use his Google home. :) Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Nah, all he needs is a helium balloon.. Ryan If only Google had allowed us to define our own activation phrases. NunjaBusiness I have been asking for that ever since the first iteration. I want so badly to say to my phone: "Bitch, what is the weather going to be tomorrow?" Adam Margeson I think that, if not for Trusted Voice, you would end up activating several people's devices given that were an option. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yet another reason why I'm glad I don't have Google Home or "Ok Google" enabled on my phone. Now, if he says "Alexa wikipedia whopper burger" next time, then I'd be in trouble. Тарас Мукин Well, the idea of putting "OK Google" in the commercial was pretty obvious. And to be honest — this is a really good execution. Clear and simple. I understand that it pisses people off, and I think I would be pissed too, but this is a good ad — executed good and works good (well, at leas worked until Google stepped in) Leahelm Thank goodness Google stepped up, hope BK and everyone else learns stuff like this is obnoxious. tim242 Google Home is obnoxious... Leahelm Lucky for you then you don't have to buy one Nogib Random aside: how is it that Amazon's TV ads don't trigger my Echo when they say "Alexa"? MisterAlex Amazon controls bot their own commercials and the back-end for Alexa search... so I'm guessing they make sure to put in exceptions to prevent talking to themselves. Sir_Brizz This, plus there are a few tricks that you can use to avoid this like checking for a specific background tone. Leonardo Baez Is a shit$# move from burger king.... But genius one as well. JD NO ONE CAN ADVERTISE IN CHEEKY FASHION EXCEPT US! - Google. Francois Roy Believe it or not, those Google bad foks disabled the command in Assistant, but NOT in OG Google Now!! XD Mike Miller The case could be made that this is already illegal and Burger King broke the law. Technically, it is an intentional and unauthorized use of someone else's personal device. I mean, it would be a ridiculous case, but the case could be made. MisterAlex Nah. You consent to too much "okay, I'm letting this thing listen to the world" fine print for that to ever hold water. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Burger King burgers are terrible. saimin Who is more evil? Burger King or Pepsi or United Airlines or Sean Spicer? tim242 United Airlines, Google, Sean Spicer, Pepsi...in that order. Notice, I added one and subtracted one. Max Johnson Out of all of those, I would say the diabetes inducing brand. Marcelove I don't usually call people bad names, but this article has a level of stupidity that is impossible to avoid: Corbin, do you only sucks Google's dick or you allow him to put in your ass too? It is Google's responsability that the device is being triggered by the commercial... So stop being a pussy trying to blame Burger King instead your boss (Google's ads paying AP). Following your thoughts, if you install Philip's lights at home and let Google Home control it, and a commercial is launched on tv about the lights, showing how it works , where a actor says the commands, making the lights at your home be changed, it is the maker of the ad responsible for this situation, and not Google... Typical case of someone trying to "blame the others", instead of blaming the real responsible for something that you don't like because the real responsible has some relation with you... Sir_Brizz WTFH? Of course it would be the ad maker's fault in your example. The ad creator acted in bad faith. I personally know I could probably activate all kinds of smart home commands through a TV commercial including turning on/off sprinklers, locking/unlocking doors, turning on/off lights, fireplaces, opening garages, etc. I don't do that because it would damage my reputation and brand to act in bad faith in that way. That's also why this commercial is so stupid. What does it do other than damage Burger King's reputation and brand? There is probably a higher than average chance that people who own devices this would activate already know what a "Whopper burger" is so it doesn't increase brand awareness. Best case scenario, you mildly piss people off. Not a great best case. Honestly, why would you even start to blame Google for this? They could do the same thing with Alexa or anything else. Makes you wonder why they specifically targeted Google devices. james fuston Still happening on my Google Home Andy J That's odd - it's been blacklisted on Google's end - doesn't require any updates on your end. Glich Trusted voice is only a Partial fix. I have it on my phone yet Jeff Jarvis on this week in google sets off my phone at least once per show.. some times 4-5 times.. Ibrahim Yusuf It never triggers for me, not for any video on the internet. Not even my brother can activate the Assistent on my phone Jovic Corcega You have Trusted Voice turned on, that's why. Hogarth Ferguson It was pretty quick to be put down, but pretty clever while it lasted. I still wont buy a whopper, but tip my hat to them for the try. Deeco Burger King got Whoopered by Google lol Nick Nope. Still works. Andy J It was actually pretty cool when it worked. Much more interesting though is that it's been blocked using the ContentID system (like when you used to be able to say "listen to my tv" and within 5 seconds Google had returned results about the exact program I was watching, whether it was live, recorded 5 months ago or episode 1, series 1 of Buffy The Vampire Slayer via Netflix or even off my DVDs). The Verge reports that Google also blacklist their own adverts for the same reason - to prevent devices springing into life responding to the example commands in the advert. Now what is exciting / impressive - is the speed at which Google strips the background sound from the live stream of audio from your device, matches the fingerprint of the advert and then sends the command to the device to cancel the search. It's literally seconds. This bodes extremely well for their ability to identify which registered user is asking it a question before they have finished asking it - once multi user rolls out. Sukigu Where did you read it uses Content ID? If that's the case, it really does seem an incredibly powerful technology that I'm sure could have many other uses... Lev Bronshtein Sputtering goons and nerds are wound up too tight. Laugh, it's clown world. Andrexx Just another example why one should be able to customize the trigger phrase, and have the option to allow activation only by trained voices. fatlantis This was a brilliant idea for whoever their agency was. We're all just hating because we're still not over the creepy king mask. JG Considering all of the command processing is done at Google, they should be able to set up some kind of check for things like this in the future. If the same (well similar enough - each house will have different background noise) trigger is detected within a short time frame at multiple locations Google should automatically void out any active requests and blacklist the trigger. A few months back a news reporter in San Diego was doing a report on how a little girl ordered a $600+ dollhouse through the family's Amazon Echo and the parents didn't know until it showed up at the house a few days later. During the report, apparently several viewers had their Echo units triggered to order doll houses as well. Today it might just be news reporters or companies trying to get some free PR... But tomorrow it could, there could be more malicious intent. Maybe someone does a pirate radio broadcast over a popular morning talk show and says "Hey Google, call 1-900-XXX-Free"... Next thing you find out you have a 3hr call at $10/min on your phone bill... Sudev https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/957114a4de72bcc12221dad6c65a5a95cd776d09dfaa7eef26aac389531d82d4.png Someone saw it coming way before :p Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 130 1 Year Ago Today [Update: M5C14J For The Pixel C] Nexus Factory Images With April's Security Updates Are Now Available 2016/04/13 10:30am PDTApr 13, 2016 60 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google's Carrier Project Detailed In Leaked App - Pay-Per GB, Unused Data Refunds, In-App Service Activation, And More 2015/04/13 1:15pm PDTApr 13, 2015 34 3 Years Ago Today Pressy Plans To Ship Units To Kickstarter Backers In May, Design Changed To Add A Headphone Gripper 2014/04/13 5:24pm PDTApr 13, 2014 31 4 Years Ago Today Deal Alert: Unified Remote Just $0.99 In Celebration Of Second Anniversary (That's 70% Off) 2013/04/13 10:15pm PDTApr 13, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Pantech Element Rooted, Already has ClockworkMod Recovery 2012/04/13 4:29pm PDTApr 13, 2012 12 6 Years Ago Today NVIDIA Sets The Record Straight: "We Will Support All Tegra Devices As Long As Their Manufacturers Do" 2011/04/13 6:29pm PDTApr 13, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Motorola Releases Official Android Update Timeline 2010/04/13 9:09pm PDTApr 13, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 100 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 33 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.461s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 50 Plus 1 on G+ 96 Share on Facebook 84 Share on Twitter Total Shares230 Device Updates Downloads Google News Nexus 6P Nexus Devices Nougat 7.0/7.1 Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs Google's Android beta program allows the more intrepid among you to take a first crack at new updates, but it can be a little irksome to then move to the final build. For example, the 7.1.2 testers are still running the beta while the final version has rolled out to non-testers. Now, it looks like Google has started updating the beta build to final, but only for the Nexus 6P so far. The update clocks in at a mere 25.4MB, which isn't surprising. You're only going from 7.1.2 to a slightly different 7.1.2. The build number when all's said and done will be N2G47H. That's the same build that rolled out to non-testers. There should not be any feature differences between the two versions, but being on the right build means you'll be able to get OTA updates going forward. We don't yet know if this is rolling out to everyone, but check your update menu to be safe. If it's not there, we've got the URL of the OTA on Google's servers. Feel free to sideload it if you can't wait, but remember this is only for the 6P. Hopefully other devices on the beta get updates soon. Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs We got numerous reports earlier than phones were being offered another update to the beta build after installing the final one. Google neglected to flip some switch on its end to prevent phones from getting the beta OTA again, but that should be fixed now. End of Update Thanks: Rik Tags android 7.1.2 android beta beta device updates Google nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story More photos of the Moto C and C Plus leaked, as well as the E4 and Z2 Force This Is The Most Recent Story Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rasty++ ...after 25mb.. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fe73c9b1e0cff7af50d8d17b4e2cd375107865d458b52c568519d9bc3306769a.png EvilHowl That's the size for updating 7.1.1 to 7.1.2. 25MB is the size of the update from 7.1.2 beta 2 to stable. rasty++ 4 update in 1 hour... 25..1313..25..1313.. fuck google ..and now 25 Laraib Zafar Khan I think it's in a loop? Because i am downloading this once. rasty++ yep.. download 4 times same otas Daniel Keeble Just got this 1.3GB update on my 6P as well. rasty++ and aftet 25 again.. and after 1313 again.. again again again CyrealKiller Same here. JD 1313 Deadend Drive? Manard After taking this update I immediately get offered a new beta-N2G47I. Xious That's the same beta build that is on my Pixel. wjrandon Beta for life. x8123999 Pixel C just got it, too. Build N2G47D. Brian Langlois I got this update. then promptly got the notification that the system update NPG47I was available. Installed that. Then promptly got the notification that This update (N2G47H) was available. It just keeps prompting to update inthenickoftime4 Same MichaelFranz same, but i didnt install the NPG47I. victor sanchez same here. Серёжа Дураков same Jean-Pierre Tavan Same... VAL Same here, weird Brianna D Green Mine did this as well but once your on the (N2G47H), just reset the phone and then go into the update screen in settings and the (NPG47I) update notification disappears. At least it did for me. Lol. James Brown What do you mean by "reset the phone." I have rebooted and gone into settings/system updates but I still get the prompt to download the previous version. Brianna D Green I rebooted after the new update and then once back in the phone, went to the update screen and notification disappeared after hitting check for update. James Brown Didn't work for me. Minty Yeah I think it's happening to everyone. I just let it put me back on to stable again and then unenrolled from the beta program so I would stop getting them. T4rd It's times like this when I'm glad I'm just on Pure Nexus ROM. =p Vedang Jadhav This is new loop man, If you are not getting bootloop, Google is ensuring you atleast get this loop!! danthepotato Thank god I'm not the only one... I tried using the chat help on the settings. The guy basically told me I should opt out of beta, but I don't want to wipe my phone... JamesBennett360 If you update then opt out it will not wipe your device. I did it myself Anuwat Jaiyen I have to opt out then restart my phone. Super Pete Same happened to me. If you're on the stable build when you unenroll, nothing happens. No notification, no wipe... Good to go VAL just unenrrolled the beta program and won´t show up F4LL0U7 Same. I'll just deal with the update icon for now until they fix it. Not interested in unenrolling and wiping my phone. rasty++ no wipe if you have n2g... Ronald Yup same issue, did the update got the notification downloaded the NPG47I but have not installed it yet Josh Hamer Yup, same thing happening to me Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google employs only the best and brightest. André Pudiesi Same here. Final, then prompted me the Beta again. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b59969b13e033f7b043512da60a6f94086726e1588fc48382fcdd40bcad52140.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0da4868bacccbb1d7ce49e3c804e23e92904bd5251a4eebb9a7de486b9d3aa17.png Curt Same. LondonLeedsFan Right.... So i got the stable build (25mb), and the beta build 1313.6mb straight after... I'm confused?! Midnitte Want the next update? Now, always have an update available! Chisel I'm also getting the NPG47I «--» N2G47H loop. Weird. phineasjw Yep. Same thing. Took the opportunity to leave the Beta program. Just make sure you leave when running N2G47H. tonyc That's the same thing that keeps happening to me. Garry I just cleared the app data for Google Play Services and so far that has alleviated the problem. Artem Russakovskii Google fixed the endless loop, guys. https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus6P/comments/6504su/anyone_else_get_a_stable_712_update_then/dg6oj2l/. Djakdekiel ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Same update for Nexus 5x alexus after I pulled this update, I got another one right after (build NPG471) Mitch G yeah, it keeps pushing old build on top of new build TxReplay Got it on Nexus 5X too ! clay hope this fixes the shutdowns when there is clearly battery left. my phone shuts down when it hits 15% left and wont turn back on until i charge K9 A bit off topic i haven't recieved assistant yet and i was thinking it was cause i was in beta. I just got the stable 7.1.2 but still no assistant. Services apps is up to date but nothing still. Wht shd i do? Carson Saldanha Is your Google app on English (US)? K9 Yes it is Carson Saldanha rip idk lol rasty++ stop ota please ..8 ota in 2 hours.. -.- Kyle Smith Got this on Nexus Player also, I like the new update animation and loading bar Ernie If you update to N2G47H and you are on the beta program. You will have to unenroll from the beta. rmagruder Just spotted this and unenrolled from the beta and annoying update message went away. Guess I'll stay out of the beta until they actually push out the next beta. 2 Men-E ...sooooo...after the comments, and selecting "Download", but before selecting "Install"...I shouldn't complete the update to this "final" 7.1.2 build [being that my 6P will just do OTA loops] 🤔 rmagruder Good LORD, Google. I just got this on my 6P. It updated the phone, and after rebooting with the final 7.1.2, it promptly gave me a new System update available message wanting to install a beta version of 7.1.2 (HPG47I) at a hefty cost of 1313.6Mb. What the heck? That was what I was JUST ON before getting the FINAL OTA. George Hadjidakis Just opt out from the beta program then back in and then out again and it will go.. Bruno Montini To everyone getting the update prompt again and again, clear cache partition, it fixed it for me I also left the beta before clearing cache Lateef Alabi-Oki If you "Check For Update" on the Nexus 5x you might get it too. I got it that way. Tim Meader Once you have the official update (installed) and have booted back up... just IGNORE the prompt to update back to the beta version. Go into the Beta Program settings and leave the program. Problem solved. F4LL0U7 I'm not looking to factory reset OR leave the beta program though... I'd imagine they have to fix this if so many people are getting it, right? Tim Meader There's no need to be in the beta program right now since there's no actual beta. You can easily go back to it at any time via the same method, that's not an issue. It takes 5 seconds to sign back up. As I said, if you've already installed the release update and rebooted, leaving the beta won't factory reset anything. F4LL0U7 Oh cool, I didn't realize you could opt out without wiping once you were on stable. Thanks! Razed Does this address the 6P battery issues? F4LL0U7 I just got updated to the final 7.1.2 build on my Nexus 5X (N2G47F). Same thing, around 25MB. And then a funny thing happened. I immediately was prompted to download and install the beta 2 (NPG47I). I am ignoring it for now, because I would imagine that installing that will knock me back to the pre-release version of 7.1.2, which I don't want. Anyone else getting this? TBBT+HIMYM The same thing with me. I should try to get out of beta probably. TBBT+HIMYM Yes. It works. F4LL0U7 But you probably had to wipe your phone when exiting the beta, right? TBBT+HIMYM No. Ignore the beta version message. Exit the beta and the message just disappears by itself. Wipe is not necessary. F4LL0U7 Awesome, thanks! danthepotato Opting out once you are on N2G47H solves the problem, without a pesky notification or need to wipe your phone Jacob Mcalister Tattoos I'm still on the beta on pixel xl.. anyone else like this? el_smurfo How do you have a 6P with the battery so low to update, yet it hasn't long since shut off prematurely at 30-40%? noneofthem Thanks, everybody. I was afraid to be the only one with that issue. I hope Google will find a solution to this fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google phone users are always bragging that they're the first to get updates. Now Google has taken it to the next level. Google phone users are the first to get into a continuous, never-ending update loop. Callanish Pure hyperbolic bullshit. There never was a never-ending update loop. All anyone had to do was pay attention to what was going on with the updates and have an incline of knowledge about what it means to be enrolled in the beta program. They'd have seen that the patch was upgrading them to the stable 7.1.2 release. They would have then seen, after rebooting, that there was a glitch with a beta installation trying to get them to install itself over a stable version. Beta 101 enrollment and research would have told them that if they were on a stable version, unenrolling from the beta program would not delete their data and any notification asking them to revert back to a beta version would be gone once unenrolled. That would have eliminated something easily solveable and have avoided giving someone like you a smug 'sky is falling' response making it seem like all this was a big deal. If you're going to be a guinea pig, by running a beta version on a phone, you've got to take some responsibility when things go pear shape and at least use common sense and learn the basics of being part of the beta program beforehand so you can at least recognize when, in this case, the user is causing the loop themselves by continuously downloading whatever the Google Notification is telling them to download and not paying attention to the fact that they are installing a beta version over a stable version creating this self inflicted problem. Charlie I have the same issue. I was confused a bit too. But I think what is going on is the final build date is after the beta 2 build date. So to the system it looks like your not on the latest build. That is why we could not side load the OTA without opting out of beta program because if your on beta 2 it looks like your on the latest build. I don't know why they do that but this is not the first time it has happened. Usually they fix the issue before the OTA is sent out so we don't get the notification for the beta build though. Lucas Cannon 5X as well, received an update stating it would be build N2G47H, then after reboot says build N2G47F. Andre Laurence I just got the final version update. It was a flawless install. FCEEVIPER I installed the OTA NPG47I, then I turned away from my phone and saw the phone was asking for a restartinstall but I did not notice that the restart would be installing NPG471. Maybe I should be paying more attention. : Should I opt out of beta to get the stable build? I'm confused. Erroneus When you have the final version installed (N2G47H), opt out of the beta program. That solves it. KosmoCrisis Me too. Nexus 6p on Project Fi, no different. This type of loop is not fun. onekage Thought it was strange to receive a beta update after receiving the​ final version I had been waiting for, for over a week. Let's hope battery life is a little better... But with a 25mb update I don't have much hope. Hopefully they do something cool with O. BBpost As someone mentioned below, I cleared out the cache for Google Play Services while on N2G47H and rebooted. This fixed the constant update cycle bug. Alvin persaud Install the "h" update first then "I" update (large)when it prompts u back to update to "h" just restart the phone and it should be good to go. Dan Zunko Nexus 5x just got the update. No loop so far. M.R. Betz 5X is up too. N2G47F for my 5X. jdawg0024 Google is also updating the Nexus 5x beta to final as well. I got the update just an hour ago TheDrunkenClam I have tried three times to install this OTA using Flashfire and cannot for the life of me get it to work. Flashfire detects it just fine, but once it fails, I don't know where the OTA resides after it is downloaded so I cannot find where it is to get it to try again (Flashfire doesn't automatically see it on the second attempt after that initial attempt for some reason). So I have been opting out of beta and then back in for it to re download the OTA and thus have Flashfire recognize. 1. Where does the OTA resides after it's downloaded? 2. Any settings in Flashfire that I should look for? idna As far as I can remember, the OTA resides in /data/ota_package (N5X, but it should be the same). And FlashFire can detect it if it's there. But in the past I noticed another location (complicated path, don't remember it now) had been used and indeed, it was not visible for FlashFire - and when I pointed the program to this location it didn't detect anything. What I would recommend is to simply grab the 7.1.2 factory image, opt out of the beta program and simply write this (factory) image with FlashFire, of course without overwriting the userdata partition. That's what I did when the images where released some weeks ago, I couldn't wait for Google to push this special OTA for those of us using the beta program. lomsha The notification finally went away on O. Margaritas Ante Porcos Nexus 6p owners, don't rush to update. My 6p's battery dies within few moments after I've updated from 7.1.1. to 7.1.2. You know how Google reacts to this. Google ignores anything. Morenicano In celebration of fixing the update loop, Google has decided to make another message app 2 Men-E For some reason my 6P is no longer receiving this final OTA. I downloaded it early today, but did not install it. Since then, I rebooted my 6P, and the install notification went away, and now when I check for updates, nothing is there. AnthonyRyan89 I got the final build update today and updated it then an hour later I got another update for the beta again. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 22 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 108 queries | 0.440s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BOTS 5 troubling scenarios as brands like Burger King hijack our voicebots John Brandon@jmbrandonbb April 12, 2017 2:10 PM Tags: Apple, bots, Burger King, chatbots, Google Assistant, Google Home, Siri, voicebots Above: The Google Home. Image Credit: Google News today about a Burger King ad that takes over your Google Home speaker is a sign of things to come. In the ad, an employee triggers the speaker to read a description of the Whopper burger on Wikipedia (which may have been altered by an employee of the company). It worked, although you have to have the volume turned up in the ad and Google moved quickly to attempt to shut down the trigger phrase. It made me wonder — in what other ways could voicebots become more annoying over time (or even dangerous)? Here are a few that comes to mind, but if you think of any more, let us know. 1. Adding product placement Google came under fire for what seemed like an ad for Beauty and the Beast recently, which the Google Assistant bot mentioned as part of the My Day summary. In a statement, Google said it was not an ad but an experiment that maybe didn’t work out. However, if voicebots start monetizing their assistance with ads, it will hang like a dark cloud. 2. Controlling your smart home Bots today will respond to any voice — not just your own. That’s a problem in my own house. A friend was over recently and told the Alexa bot to close my garage door by voice. Fortunately, I was standing right next to him, but it made me wonder what would happen if a thief had access to my front door, webcams, and other connected home gadgets. Both Amazon and Google appear to be working on unique voice signatures, but in a world where anyone in shouting distance can control Alexa, that means the ability to control security systems, locks, and many other IoT devices. 3. Picking sides Voicebots are programmed by humans, in case you were wondering. That means someone is deciding what to say when you ask about President Trump or the refugee crisis. For now, many of the answers are provided by Wikipedia (which is not exactly always 100 percent accurate), although some are provided by Google or Bing. Will there be a “conservative” voicebot someday? Or one designed by fanatics? Who knows. 4. Suggesting certain products Speaking of a voicebot point of view — I’m not sure I always trust the information provided by Alexa. I want to believe the bot is not partial to the products and services sold through Amazon, but that’s likely a false assumption. When I tried to order a USB cable just now, the bot didn’t mention any specific manufacturers, price ranges, or (obviously) a product sold at Best Buy. Instead, it suggested an item from my Amazon order history. That saves time, but it’s also a faster way to provide revenue for Amazon without as much customization or choices. 5. Making me crash Today, voicebots like Google Assistant and Apple Siri can run in your car. They are distracting enough, but what if devious developers figure out how to emit a piercing siren or somehow feed directions to my car that send me into harm’s way? It wouldn’t take much to make the voicebots in my car just a bit more distracting, annoying, or even dangerous. Learn how AI can transform your business at the 2017 VB Summit, June 5th – 6th in Berkeley. Request an Invite - Save 50%! ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Google Home gets gamed by Burger King: ‘OK, Google, what is the Whopper?’ By Ethan Baron / April 12, 2017 at 1:57 PM In a move bound to upset the makers of virtual assistants, Burger King has developed a TV ad that tricks the Google Home device into searching for information about the fast-food giant’s flagship hamburger. That’s according to a new report that says Burger King is launching a marketing blitz for the ad. Google Home houses the “Assistant” virtual assistant, which responds to voice commands after the user utters the words, “OK, Google.” In the ad, embedded in a Buzzfeed story, a fresh-faced young burger slinger says the 15-second spot isn’t long enough to “explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich,” but then he says he has an idea. “OK, Google, what is the Whopper burger?” he says. It could be expected that Burger King, by triggering Google Home to search for this product, would irritate more than just vegans and vegetarians. Who wants a random company coming uninvited into their home? Burger King did not immediately respond to a question asking whether it had concerns about angering consumers. Google, which according to a source familiar with the matter had no role in the ad’s creation, declined to comment. The Burger King ad caught the attention of New York Times journalist Farhad Manjoo, who concluded that such advertising would also pose a problem for Amazon, whose “Echo” virtual-assistance devices have sold in the millions. “This is bad,” Manjoo tweeted. “Google and Amazon should work to stop this.” Manjoo offered a possible solution: “These devices should have some voice ID system.” UPDATE: Burger King’s Google-gaming lasted only a few hours, reports indicate. By late afternoon April 12, according to two news outlets, the commercial would no longer cause Home to search for a Whopper. “Google has likely registered the sound clip from the ad to disable unwanted Home triggers, as it does with its own Google Home commercials,” tech website The Verge reported.   Photo: People visit a Google pop-up shop in New York City in October 2016. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: ad, Advertising, amazon, assistant, Burger King, Farhad Manjoo, Google, google home, virtual assistant, Whopper   More Posts in 1 Uber’s head of communications is leaving after string of scandals, departures April 11, 2017   Google fires back over feds’ claim it pays women less than men April 11, 2017   Google, Apple and Facebook not using H-1B visas for cheap foreign labor: report April 10, 2017       Share this Post Tweet               Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Ford ahead of Uber, Google, Tesla in self-driving car race,… Google Home gets gamed by Burger King: ‘OK, Google,… Walmart broadens ways customers can get online discounts Uber’s head of communications is leaving after string… HP, PayPal lead in diversity efforts; Uber, YouTube lag,…     Archives Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital   About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 6 Plus 1 on G+ 14 Share on Facebook 37 Share on Twitter Total Shares57 Applications News There was a surprising amount of anger directed at Google several days ago when the Assistant shopping list was moved from Keep to the Home app. Rather than being a general purpose list, it is now tied into Google Express. Now, the other shoe has dropped in the form of an update to the Express app. It brings shopping list improvements that jive with the new Assistant shopping list. Here's the changelog for the new update. Now you can invite your friends and family to add items to your Shopping Lists. Add items to shared lists from your phone, computer, and even Google Home. The app no longer runs Android versions older than Jelly Bean (released July 9, 2012). Spring cleaning bug fixes and a fresh new logo make it into this release as well. Sharing lists is an essential feature if you want people to actually use them for shopping, so the Express app now has native support for that. Items added to your list on a computer of via assistant will show up in the app instantly. Then, you can place your order and get the items in one business day (in most places). Although, that's kind of pointless if your preferred stores are not supported in Google Express. Google Express requires an annual membership or $95 or $10 per month. That's in addition to whatever it your chosen items cost. The new version is in the Play Store, as well as on APK Mirror. Download: Google Express (Play Store) Tags app updates apps assistant Google google express subscribe ... Previous Story Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago ... Next Story Google expands WebVR to Google Cardboard, adds 12 new WebVR demos to try out Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments mark555055d need cached / offline lists now as well, do it. Jason Pagliaro They could've at least migrated the existing shopping list from Keep over to this. Adding Wear support would've been smart as well. tenaku or, you know, just left the list in keep. create812 Not a fan of this app, and Google gets knocked down a couple points in my book for forcing the migration of assistant shopping list from Keep to this abomination. Pete Yes, baffling that people would be angry that a free, popular feature was removed with little notice and made part of a subscription service. Ronny Yeah. Putting a feature into a different app, that is not available for all users is totally thought through. Express is US only. Keep was not. Now I can access my list only through the home app, which then sends me to the webpage of Express. 👍 destinyhud if its not available to u then it opens up in a chrome custom tab. so i am not sure what ur problem is Kumnaa Chrome custom tabs aren't much use in a signaless supermarket :( Nicholas Conrad Express is us only? Not even. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/efd87369dea9a7505573611d0b0b04512b0d80862fdffcfec232c6a8892c3772.png notatoad Express is US only, but the shopping list feature seems to be fairly global - i can use it here in canada, albeit in a web page rather than a native app. not as good as Keep, but not as bad as being totally region-locked out of it like i was expecting. navjot Why not just keep the list in Keep but also allow access from Express? Like they do with Google Tasks (which is accessible through multiple services). Or even just add Google Express support to Keep? This all doesn't make sense for people that don't use Express. I use Express from time to time and I still find this incredibly stupid because I use my Google Assistant Shopping List in Google Keep for many things that I can't get from Express yet. DragoCubed Google express "support" in keep would've just solved it once and for all Timothy Angley Well, I guess I won't be using Assistant to make a shopping list. So disappointing that they would do this to people. Kevin Davis Gee, I'm shocked! Never saw this coming. 😉 Dbag move on the part of Google. Lateef Alabi-Oki Dick move from Google. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher No Google love for Android Wear users. David Hyman Seems to work fine for my needs. The keep features were nice to have but not necessary for me. I hope that this allows assistant better access to the contents of my list Martin Send your angry feedback to Google! It's not like they care, but at least you will feel a little better when sending good wishes to their mothers :-))) Chris Sanner Allow me to sort the damn list. Anthony Castanza Congratulations! The shit sandwich no longer contains toenail clippings. Still a shit sandwich though. Morenicano Man, people are murdering the rating for express in the play store lol Grey I still don't understand what the fuck Google Express is. Do they ship the items to your house? notatoad if i don't have a list in Keep called "shopping", i get kicked over to google express. If there's a list in Keep called "shopping", asking google assistant to "add cookies to my shopping list" adds an entry to the list called shopping in Google Keep. Not sure what the problem is here? Mr. Shmidle Middle Great, Google took out a feature I could use and implemented it in a way I and many other users can't access now. Whelp I'll just add Google Express to the rest of em like Google Books, Google Music, Google Movies, Google Newsstand, etc... Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 97 queries | 0.400s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google expands WebVR to Google Cardboard, adds 12 new WebVR demos to try out Paul Quinn Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 1:56pm PDTApr 12, 2017 10 Plus 1 on G+ 25 Share on Facebook 44 Share on Twitter Total Shares79 Cardboard Daydream VR Today, Google took another step forward in its efforts to expand the availability of VR. Back in February, we reported that Chrome 56 added support for WebVR, but it was restricted to those with Daydream-ready phones. Now, the platform has opened to all Android phones compatible with Google Cardboard. Taking advantage of WebVR, you can access a variety of experimental VR experiences through the Chrome web browser on your phone or computer. To make these VR worlds more easily accessible, Google launched a web page today where developers can showcase their creations. The page, when accessed with your phone or computer, provides a selection of experiences that users can click through to activate. The website allows you to access the experiences on your computer, but to get the true VR experience, you will need to use Google Daydream or Cardboard. If you access them on your computer, you will enter a 360-degree image or 2D interface controlled by the mouse on your computer. Some of these experiences do require a controller or Daydream functionality, so not all work with Cardboard, either. Currently, the site offers 12 different choices. One of the more interesting new interfaces uses voice to control the experience. In "Speak to Go," you say the destination you would like to visit and you are taken to 360-degree images of those locations. Several of them have short demo videos to give you an idea of what to expect before you begin. All of them have links to GitHub where developers can find source code to aid them in further development of this platform. With this new website and the open access to source code, Google is expanding its VR efforts and pushing its development forward. These experiments show promise for the growing platform. Source: The Keyword Tags cardboard chrome daydream VR webvr subscribe ... Previous Story Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant ... ... Next Story More photos of the Moto C and C Plus leaked, as well as the E4 and Z2 Force Trending 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus do not support Daydream. LG G6 does not support Daydream. Panic sets in at Google. And suddenly there are a bunch of stories about Google cardboard. John Don't forget the most exciting part of this - cross platform compatibility! I have the HTC Vive, and my buddy miles away has the Galaxy Gear VR headset. We can play VR Ping-Pong together now! That and Alt Space VR, which is meh at best. Can't wait for Rec Room for the Gear... TechGuy22 i played my daydream once or two times :( I do watch a lot of porn on it though lol they need more games Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 130 1 Year Ago Today [Update: M5C14J For The Pixel C] Nexus Factory Images With April's Security Updates Are Now Available 2016/04/13 10:30am PDTApr 13, 2016 60 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google's Carrier Project Detailed In Leaked App - Pay-Per GB, Unused Data Refunds, In-App Service Activation, And More 2015/04/13 1:15pm PDTApr 13, 2015 34 3 Years Ago Today Pressy Plans To Ship Units To Kickstarter Backers In May, Design Changed To Add A Headphone Gripper 2014/04/13 5:24pm PDTApr 13, 2014 31 4 Years Ago Today Deal Alert: Unified Remote Just $0.99 In Celebration Of Second Anniversary (That's 70% Off) 2013/04/13 10:15pm PDTApr 13, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Pantech Element Rooted, Already has ClockworkMod Recovery 2012/04/13 4:29pm PDTApr 13, 2012 12 6 Years Ago Today NVIDIA Sets The Record Straight: "We Will Support All Tegra Devices As Long As Their Manufacturers Do" 2011/04/13 6:29pm PDTApr 13, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Motorola Releases Official Android Update Timeline 2010/04/13 9:09pm PDTApr 13, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 100 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 33 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.332s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 58 Plus 1 on G+ 259 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares382 News Videos Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Always-listening voice assistants, like Google Now/Assistant or Alexa, can't really tell the difference between you talking and someone else (unless you have Trusted Voice enabled on Android). Maybe you've watched a few tech videos where someone said "Ok Google," and your phone started talking back. Burger King seems to be the first company to purposely trigger Google Now/Assistant in a television ad. In the below video, a Burger King employee says "Ok Google, what is the whopper burger," right before the ad ends: As mentioned above, turning on Trusted Voice on your Android devices gets around this, but the Google Home has no such option. Searching Google Trends for "what is the whopper burger" shows a graph of Burger King's victims: If you wanted to be funny and edit the Whopper page on Wikipedia to say something else, the page has already been locked due to vandalism. It also looks like someone from Burger King changed the page immediately before rolling out the ad to list the ingredients at the top (which has since been reverted). Let us know in the comments below if you've seen the ad on TV. Source: Buzzfeed Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Google disabled the voice command for Burger King's commercial 😂😂 (it previously worked) pic.twitter.com/xDWF4wDS1Z — Niv Dror (@Nivo0o0) April 12, 2017 End of Update Tags burger king google assistant google now google search hotword OK Google okay google video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon Galaxy Note5 and S6 edge+ receiving Android 7.0 Nougat updates ... Next Story Qualcomm ordered to pay out nearly a billion dollars to BlackBerry over royalty dispute Trending 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments TechGuy22 ah Sup Hah. That's actually quite smart. MJ Pissing off potential customers is smart? Nicholas C They will get tons of free attention from this. So yea. Sup People get pissed off so easily :/ EowynCarter Well, yeah, I don't like ads. So intrusive ad like this tends to get the opposite effect. MisterAlex If I'd theoretically been watching cable television (which I don't subscribe to) and this ad came on and triggered my phone and/or Home, I'd be far more amused than irritated. And it's not like Google would have ever let it last long, anyway. Impulse_Vigil It's amusing for all of 5s, sets a bad precedent and encourages a drove of similar stunts tho. Ryan Johnson Yeah what a shame that people get pissed off from having some advertisement take advantage of their devices to read marketing BS at them. Not to mention editing & hassling Wikipedia to have the first paragraph say what they want. Everyone already knows what the Whopper is anyway AndroidUser00110001 Funny... Kieron Quinn In before someone really good at SEO makes a site which takes over the card read out by the Home to say something against BK Kieron Quinn Or, as it's been done before, simply edit the wikipedia page at the right time so the spider resets the text to say it Corbin Davenport The Whopper page is already edit locked. Kieron Quinn Shame. Will have to be an elaborate SEO trick then My1 it's semi-locked only though. meaning only registered members can edit iirc. Pessimippopotamus Google Home needs trained voice recognition like yesterday. the_secret The article does mention "trusted voice" can be enabled, like today! Suicide_Note Not on Google Home devices it can't. EcE Reading and comprehension is hard. nxtiak Trusted voice is only on phones. UniBroW Beta product is Beta ilovetesla this is not stupid , its smart guys EcE It's bullshit. MisterAlex No, it's brilliant. It is obvious from the onset that the voice response would be disabled on the back-end by Google—so it would, at worst, be a nuisance for Home owners for a very brief time. But we're all watching the video and discussing it. This very short, very low-budget video has more than done its job. EcE Sure, it got people talking about it but I'm sure everyone who got caught off guard by it went running to their nearest BK. Marcelove If you are an idiot, then sure it is bullshit. EcE aaaaand blocked Powsniffer0110 Wahhh JD Stupid like a fox. Kwetsima Maluleke Hmm. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd13dabd7f3d4c34cb64cf739e07667abaae63d75d00f8bde0825356ec5533c0.png Dallas King https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9e0913e1541e50871ddd3c59f560aa29f35950c5071a10e04a0b71e1f539d4e6.jpg MJ It should be illegal (but it is not nor will ever be) and Google should do something about it? The only thing they can do and should do is allow owners to change the activation phase or enable Trusted Voice on the Android Home. David Brideau LOLLLLL! mondeca Thank goodness I always fast-forward through commercials. deprofeet Brilliant... mondeca Of course this triggered an edit war on the Wikipedia page for the Whopper. JD Soon all commercials will just be "Ok Google, tell me about x" Syukri Lajin should we blame them? or Google's suck-ass voice recognition? ilovetesla turning on trusted voice is the only way out of this issue but AP says home doesnt support trusted voice Biff Wonsley Another way is to let us change the Google in OK Google to Jarvis, Beavis, Nadine, whatever. Google deserves this for not letting us customize. ilovetesla saying OK Google sucks, custom trigger voices must be made zurcaled11 This is an evolution of the Google Home Beauty and the Beast ad. Google definitely is in on it. And unfortunately it makes me want the Google Home less. demarcmj Google was not "in on it" (per the source article) But I agree stuff like this only makes me less interested in a Google Home (even though my interest level was very low to begin with). zurcaled11 You are right, the update to the article definitely makes it clear Google was not OK with it. If you want ads pushed through Google Home, you apparently have to go through Google! demarcmj Very interesting. They moved pretty fast on that. Andy J As they should of, this ad was harmless - but the next one - might not be. And as people often leave the room during adverts - a lot of people wouldn't necessarily be there to witness it adding a calendar entry or adding something to a shopping list - or further into the future - record "exciting new program" on Thursday. John Samuel αΩ It was only a matter of time. Michael Crider Quarter-pound beef patty, lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, mayo, ketchup, sesame seed bun. Bullshit you can't tell me that in 15 seconds. ilovetesla laziness at its best Brandon David Obert Isn't that a Big.... You know what never mind ilovetesla r u the real Michael Crider Michael Crider No, I kidnapped him and put him in a well in my basement and now I'm wearing his skin. ilovetesla i knew it...calling 108 ....wait ...i cant do it accessing ur disqus profile throws a 404 paxmos OK Google, what happened to Michael Crider? Carson Saldanha Nope, he's an imposter using polyjuice potion ilovetesla why dot you have the AP staff badge near your disqus name your companions artem and jeff has them Michael Crider I don't work here anymore. ilovetesla nnnnnnooooooo.....i didnt know that man........ roberto.elena Don't ex-cops get ex-cops' badges? Michael Crider I wish I could customize them but Disqus only lets one site have one badge. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Wow man..just like that? No farewell post nothing? You sir were one of my fav AP writers, even when you clearly had a different political alignment (like that matters...or does it?). Anyways all the best for your future endeavours. P.S. I would just like to take this opportunity while I can to express my sincere apologies for a reply I once posted under an article of yours covering the FBI app for most wanted criminals. I kinda photoshopped your profile pic and name in the screenshot for the app just for fun.. It got deleted instantly making me realise that maybe I shouldn't have(?) But I assure you it was just for fun, no disrespect intended. Well, so long. Powsniffer0110 He had a farewell article I thought. Jay Burger King's face right now. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a81da022eefe3eb5833231aa2593041d2bc8f33bbecb98f3e2dcba6e83e2d85d.jpg DJ SPY Haha this is pretty funny. Is it too much to ask for you guys to have a sense of humor? Why call it stupid? JSo It activates my phone but it tells me it can't recognize my voice. So they didn't get a search from me. Orlando aka Pixel XL Burger King use to be decent.... Syukri Lajin Oh look. an update. Whataburger must be enjoying those free advertising it's getting now. ROFL. this got me thinking, will they keep breaking the search results until it stops promoting a company? or will they actually fix it? lol Matt74UK Stupid? I think that was a rather amusing idea. I prefer the Big King to the Whopper though. mark555055d hmm, now the guy in the commercial can no longer use his Google home. :) Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Nah, all he needs is a helium balloon.. Ryan If only Google had allowed us to define our own activation phrases. NunjaBusiness I have been asking for that ever since the first iteration. I want so badly to say to my phone: "Bitch, what is the weather going to be tomorrow?" Adam Margeson I think that, if not for Trusted Voice, you would end up activating several people's devices given that were an option. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yet another reason why I'm glad I don't have Google Home or "Ok Google" enabled on my phone. Now, if he says "Alexa wikipedia whopper burger" next time, then I'd be in trouble. Тарас Мукин Well, the idea of putting "OK Google" in the commercial was pretty obvious. And to be honest — this is a really good execution. Clear and simple. I understand that it pisses people off, and I think I would be pissed too, but this is a good ad — executed good and works good (well, at leas worked until Google stepped in) Leahelm Thank goodness Google stepped up, hope BK and everyone else learns stuff like this is obnoxious. tim242 Google Home is obnoxious... Leahelm Lucky for you then you don't have to buy one Nogib Random aside: how is it that Amazon's TV ads don't trigger my Echo when they say "Alexa"? MisterAlex Amazon controls bot their own commercials and the back-end for Alexa search... so I'm guessing they make sure to put in exceptions to prevent talking to themselves. Sir_Brizz This, plus there are a few tricks that you can use to avoid this like checking for a specific background tone. Leonardo Baez Is a shit$# move from burger king.... But genius one as well. JD NO ONE CAN ADVERTISE IN CHEEKY FASHION EXCEPT US! - Google. Francois Roy Believe it or not, those Google bad foks disabled the command in Assistant, but NOT in OG Google Now!! XD Mike Miller The case could be made that this is already illegal and Burger King broke the law. Technically, it is an intentional and unauthorized use of someone else's personal device. I mean, it would be a ridiculous case, but the case could be made. MisterAlex Nah. You consent to too much "okay, I'm letting this thing listen to the world" fine print for that to ever hold water. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Burger King burgers are terrible. saimin Who is more evil? Burger King or Pepsi or United Airlines or Sean Spicer? tim242 United Airlines, Google, Sean Spicer, Pepsi...in that order. Notice, I added one and subtracted one. Max Johnson Out of all of those, I would say the diabetes inducing brand. Marcelove I don't usually call people bad names, but this article has a level of stupidity that is impossible to avoid: Corbin, do you only sucks Google's dick or you allow him to put in your ass too? It is Google's responsability that the device is being triggered by the commercial... So stop being a pussy trying to blame Burger King instead your boss (Google's ads paying AP). Following your thoughts, if you install Philip's lights at home and let Google Home control it, and a commercial is launched on tv about the lights, showing how it works , where a actor says the commands, making the lights at your home be changed, it is the maker of the ad responsible for this situation, and not Google... Typical case of someone trying to "blame the others", instead of blaming the real responsible for something that you don't like because the real responsible has some relation with you... Sir_Brizz WTFH? Of course it would be the ad maker's fault in your example. The ad creator acted in bad faith. I personally know I could probably activate all kinds of smart home commands through a TV commercial including turning on/off sprinklers, locking/unlocking doors, turning on/off lights, fireplaces, opening garages, etc. I don't do that because it would damage my reputation and brand to act in bad faith in that way. That's also why this commercial is so stupid. What does it do other than damage Burger King's reputation and brand? There is probably a higher than average chance that people who own devices this would activate already know what a "Whopper burger" is so it doesn't increase brand awareness. Best case scenario, you mildly piss people off. Not a great best case. Honestly, why would you even start to blame Google for this? They could do the same thing with Alexa or anything else. Makes you wonder why they specifically targeted Google devices. james fuston Still happening on my Google Home Andy J That's odd - it's been blacklisted on Google's end - doesn't require any updates on your end. Glich Trusted voice is only a Partial fix. I have it on my phone yet Jeff Jarvis on this week in google sets off my phone at least once per show.. some times 4-5 times.. Ibrahim Yusuf It never triggers for me, not for any video on the internet. Not even my brother can activate the Assistent on my phone Jovic Corcega You have Trusted Voice turned on, that's why. Hogarth Ferguson It was pretty quick to be put down, but pretty clever while it lasted. I still wont buy a whopper, but tip my hat to them for the try. Deeco Burger King got Whoopered by Google lol Nick Nope. Still works. Andy J It was actually pretty cool when it worked. Much more interesting though is that it's been blocked using the ContentID system (like when you used to be able to say "listen to my tv" and within 5 seconds Google had returned results about the exact program I was watching, whether it was live, recorded 5 months ago or episode 1, series 1 of Buffy The Vampire Slayer via Netflix or even off my DVDs). The Verge reports that Google also blacklist their own adverts for the same reason - to prevent devices springing into life responding to the example commands in the advert. Now what is exciting / impressive - is the speed at which Google strips the background sound from the live stream of audio from your device, matches the fingerprint of the advert and then sends the command to the device to cancel the search. It's literally seconds. This bodes extremely well for their ability to identify which registered user is asking it a question before they have finished asking it - once multi user rolls out. Sukigu Where did you read it uses Content ID? If that's the case, it really does seem an incredibly powerful technology that I'm sure could have many other uses... Lev Bronshtein Sputtering goons and nerds are wound up too tight. Laugh, it's clown world. Andrexx Just another example why one should be able to customize the trigger phrase, and have the option to allow activation only by trained voices. fatlantis This was a brilliant idea for whoever their agency was. We're all just hating because we're still not over the creepy king mask. JG Considering all of the command processing is done at Google, they should be able to set up some kind of check for things like this in the future. If the same (well similar enough - each house will have different background noise) trigger is detected within a short time frame at multiple locations Google should automatically void out any active requests and blacklist the trigger. A few months back a news reporter in San Diego was doing a report on how a little girl ordered a $600+ dollhouse through the family's Amazon Echo and the parents didn't know until it showed up at the house a few days later. During the report, apparently several viewers had their Echo units triggered to order doll houses as well. Today it might just be news reporters or companies trying to get some free PR... But tomorrow it could, there could be more malicious intent. Maybe someone does a pirate radio broadcast over a popular morning talk show and says "Hey Google, call 1-900-XXX-Free"... Next thing you find out you have a 3hr call at $10/min on your phone bill... Sudev https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/957114a4de72bcc12221dad6c65a5a95cd776d09dfaa7eef26aac389531d82d4.png Someone saw it coming way before :p Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 130 1 Year Ago Today [Update: M5C14J For The Pixel C] Nexus Factory Images With April's Security Updates Are Now Available 2016/04/13 10:30am PDTApr 13, 2016 60 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google's Carrier Project Detailed In Leaked App - Pay-Per GB, Unused Data Refunds, In-App Service Activation, And More 2015/04/13 1:15pm PDTApr 13, 2015 34 3 Years Ago Today Pressy Plans To Ship Units To Kickstarter Backers In May, Design Changed To Add A Headphone Gripper 2014/04/13 5:24pm PDTApr 13, 2014 31 4 Years Ago Today Deal Alert: Unified Remote Just $0.99 In Celebration Of Second Anniversary (That's 70% Off) 2013/04/13 10:15pm PDTApr 13, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Pantech Element Rooted, Already has ClockworkMod Recovery 2012/04/13 4:29pm PDTApr 13, 2012 12 6 Years Ago Today NVIDIA Sets The Record Straight: "We Will Support All Tegra Devices As Long As Their Manufacturers Do" 2011/04/13 6:29pm PDTApr 13, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Motorola Releases Official Android Update Timeline 2010/04/13 9:09pm PDTApr 13, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 100 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 33 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.461s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 50 Plus 1 on G+ 96 Share on Facebook 84 Share on Twitter Total Shares230 Device Updates Downloads Google News Nexus 6P Nexus Devices Nougat 7.0/7.1 Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs Google's Android beta program allows the more intrepid among you to take a first crack at new updates, but it can be a little irksome to then move to the final build. For example, the 7.1.2 testers are still running the beta while the final version has rolled out to non-testers. Now, it looks like Google has started updating the beta build to final, but only for the Nexus 6P so far. The update clocks in at a mere 25.4MB, which isn't surprising. You're only going from 7.1.2 to a slightly different 7.1.2. The build number when all's said and done will be N2G47H. That's the same build that rolled out to non-testers. There should not be any feature differences between the two versions, but being on the right build means you'll be able to get OTA updates going forward. We don't yet know if this is rolling out to everyone, but check your update menu to be safe. If it's not there, we've got the URL of the OTA on Google's servers. Feel free to sideload it if you can't wait, but remember this is only for the 6P. Hopefully other devices on the beta get updates soon. Update 1: 2017/04/12 6:04pm PDT Issues with beta OTAs We got numerous reports earlier than phones were being offered another update to the beta build after installing the final one. Google neglected to flip some switch on its end to prevent phones from getting the beta OTA again, but that should be fixed now. End of Update Thanks: Rik Tags android 7.1.2 android beta beta device updates Google nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story More photos of the Moto C and C Plus leaked, as well as the E4 and Z2 Force This Is The Most Recent Story Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rasty++ ...after 25mb.. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fe73c9b1e0cff7af50d8d17b4e2cd375107865d458b52c568519d9bc3306769a.png EvilHowl That's the size for updating 7.1.1 to 7.1.2. 25MB is the size of the update from 7.1.2 beta 2 to stable. rasty++ 4 update in 1 hour... 25..1313..25..1313.. fuck google ..and now 25 Laraib Zafar Khan I think it's in a loop? Because i am downloading this once. rasty++ yep.. download 4 times same otas Daniel Keeble Just got this 1.3GB update on my 6P as well. rasty++ and aftet 25 again.. and after 1313 again.. again again again CyrealKiller Same here. JD 1313 Deadend Drive? Manard After taking this update I immediately get offered a new beta-N2G47I. Xious That's the same beta build that is on my Pixel. wjrandon Beta for life. x8123999 Pixel C just got it, too. Build N2G47D. Brian Langlois I got this update. then promptly got the notification that the system update NPG47I was available. Installed that. Then promptly got the notification that This update (N2G47H) was available. It just keeps prompting to update inthenickoftime4 Same MichaelFranz same, but i didnt install the NPG47I. victor sanchez same here. Серёжа Дураков same Jean-Pierre Tavan Same... VAL Same here, weird Brianna D Green Mine did this as well but once your on the (N2G47H), just reset the phone and then go into the update screen in settings and the (NPG47I) update notification disappears. At least it did for me. Lol. James Brown What do you mean by "reset the phone." I have rebooted and gone into settings/system updates but I still get the prompt to download the previous version. Brianna D Green I rebooted after the new update and then once back in the phone, went to the update screen and notification disappeared after hitting check for update. James Brown Didn't work for me. Minty Yeah I think it's happening to everyone. I just let it put me back on to stable again and then unenrolled from the beta program so I would stop getting them. T4rd It's times like this when I'm glad I'm just on Pure Nexus ROM. =p Vedang Jadhav This is new loop man, If you are not getting bootloop, Google is ensuring you atleast get this loop!! danthepotato Thank god I'm not the only one... I tried using the chat help on the settings. The guy basically told me I should opt out of beta, but I don't want to wipe my phone... JamesBennett360 If you update then opt out it will not wipe your device. I did it myself Anuwat Jaiyen I have to opt out then restart my phone. Super Pete Same happened to me. If you're on the stable build when you unenroll, nothing happens. No notification, no wipe... Good to go VAL just unenrrolled the beta program and won´t show up F4LL0U7 Same. I'll just deal with the update icon for now until they fix it. Not interested in unenrolling and wiping my phone. rasty++ no wipe if you have n2g... Ronald Yup same issue, did the update got the notification downloaded the NPG47I but have not installed it yet Josh Hamer Yup, same thing happening to me Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google employs only the best and brightest. André Pudiesi Same here. Final, then prompted me the Beta again. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b59969b13e033f7b043512da60a6f94086726e1588fc48382fcdd40bcad52140.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0da4868bacccbb1d7ce49e3c804e23e92904bd5251a4eebb9a7de486b9d3aa17.png Curt Same. LondonLeedsFan Right.... So i got the stable build (25mb), and the beta build 1313.6mb straight after... I'm confused?! Midnitte Want the next update? Now, always have an update available! Chisel I'm also getting the NPG47I «--» N2G47H loop. Weird. phineasjw Yep. Same thing. Took the opportunity to leave the Beta program. Just make sure you leave when running N2G47H. tonyc That's the same thing that keeps happening to me. Garry I just cleared the app data for Google Play Services and so far that has alleviated the problem. Artem Russakovskii Google fixed the endless loop, guys. https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexus6P/comments/6504su/anyone_else_get_a_stable_712_update_then/dg6oj2l/. Djakdekiel ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Same update for Nexus 5x alexus after I pulled this update, I got another one right after (build NPG471) Mitch G yeah, it keeps pushing old build on top of new build TxReplay Got it on Nexus 5X too ! clay hope this fixes the shutdowns when there is clearly battery left. my phone shuts down when it hits 15% left and wont turn back on until i charge K9 A bit off topic i haven't recieved assistant yet and i was thinking it was cause i was in beta. I just got the stable 7.1.2 but still no assistant. Services apps is up to date but nothing still. Wht shd i do? Carson Saldanha Is your Google app on English (US)? K9 Yes it is Carson Saldanha rip idk lol rasty++ stop ota please ..8 ota in 2 hours.. -.- Kyle Smith Got this on Nexus Player also, I like the new update animation and loading bar Ernie If you update to N2G47H and you are on the beta program. You will have to unenroll from the beta. rmagruder Just spotted this and unenrolled from the beta and annoying update message went away. Guess I'll stay out of the beta until they actually push out the next beta. 2 Men-E ...sooooo...after the comments, and selecting "Download", but before selecting "Install"...I shouldn't complete the update to this "final" 7.1.2 build [being that my 6P will just do OTA loops] 🤔 rmagruder Good LORD, Google. I just got this on my 6P. It updated the phone, and after rebooting with the final 7.1.2, it promptly gave me a new System update available message wanting to install a beta version of 7.1.2 (HPG47I) at a hefty cost of 1313.6Mb. What the heck? That was what I was JUST ON before getting the FINAL OTA. George Hadjidakis Just opt out from the beta program then back in and then out again and it will go.. Bruno Montini To everyone getting the update prompt again and again, clear cache partition, it fixed it for me I also left the beta before clearing cache Lateef Alabi-Oki If you "Check For Update" on the Nexus 5x you might get it too. I got it that way. Tim Meader Once you have the official update (installed) and have booted back up... just IGNORE the prompt to update back to the beta version. Go into the Beta Program settings and leave the program. Problem solved. F4LL0U7 I'm not looking to factory reset OR leave the beta program though... I'd imagine they have to fix this if so many people are getting it, right? Tim Meader There's no need to be in the beta program right now since there's no actual beta. You can easily go back to it at any time via the same method, that's not an issue. It takes 5 seconds to sign back up. As I said, if you've already installed the release update and rebooted, leaving the beta won't factory reset anything. F4LL0U7 Oh cool, I didn't realize you could opt out without wiping once you were on stable. Thanks! Razed Does this address the 6P battery issues? F4LL0U7 I just got updated to the final 7.1.2 build on my Nexus 5X (N2G47F). Same thing, around 25MB. And then a funny thing happened. I immediately was prompted to download and install the beta 2 (NPG47I). I am ignoring it for now, because I would imagine that installing that will knock me back to the pre-release version of 7.1.2, which I don't want. Anyone else getting this? TBBT+HIMYM The same thing with me. I should try to get out of beta probably. TBBT+HIMYM Yes. It works. F4LL0U7 But you probably had to wipe your phone when exiting the beta, right? TBBT+HIMYM No. Ignore the beta version message. Exit the beta and the message just disappears by itself. Wipe is not necessary. F4LL0U7 Awesome, thanks! danthepotato Opting out once you are on N2G47H solves the problem, without a pesky notification or need to wipe your phone Jacob Mcalister Tattoos I'm still on the beta on pixel xl.. anyone else like this? el_smurfo How do you have a 6P with the battery so low to update, yet it hasn't long since shut off prematurely at 30-40%? noneofthem Thanks, everybody. I was afraid to be the only one with that issue. I hope Google will find a solution to this fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google phone users are always bragging that they're the first to get updates. Now Google has taken it to the next level. Google phone users are the first to get into a continuous, never-ending update loop. Callanish Pure hyperbolic bullshit. There never was a never-ending update loop. All anyone had to do was pay attention to what was going on with the updates and have an incline of knowledge about what it means to be enrolled in the beta program. They'd have seen that the patch was upgrading them to the stable 7.1.2 release. They would have then seen, after rebooting, that there was a glitch with a beta installation trying to get them to install itself over a stable version. Beta 101 enrollment and research would have told them that if they were on a stable version, unenrolling from the beta program would not delete their data and any notification asking them to revert back to a beta version would be gone once unenrolled. That would have eliminated something easily solveable and have avoided giving someone like you a smug 'sky is falling' response making it seem like all this was a big deal. If you're going to be a guinea pig, by running a beta version on a phone, you've got to take some responsibility when things go pear shape and at least use common sense and learn the basics of being part of the beta program beforehand so you can at least recognize when, in this case, the user is causing the loop themselves by continuously downloading whatever the Google Notification is telling them to download and not paying attention to the fact that they are installing a beta version over a stable version creating this self inflicted problem. Charlie I have the same issue. I was confused a bit too. But I think what is going on is the final build date is after the beta 2 build date. So to the system it looks like your not on the latest build. That is why we could not side load the OTA without opting out of beta program because if your on beta 2 it looks like your on the latest build. I don't know why they do that but this is not the first time it has happened. Usually they fix the issue before the OTA is sent out so we don't get the notification for the beta build though. Lucas Cannon 5X as well, received an update stating it would be build N2G47H, then after reboot says build N2G47F. Andre Laurence I just got the final version update. It was a flawless install. FCEEVIPER I installed the OTA NPG47I, then I turned away from my phone and saw the phone was asking for a restartinstall but I did not notice that the restart would be installing NPG471. Maybe I should be paying more attention. : Should I opt out of beta to get the stable build? I'm confused. Erroneus When you have the final version installed (N2G47H), opt out of the beta program. That solves it. KosmoCrisis Me too. Nexus 6p on Project Fi, no different. This type of loop is not fun. onekage Thought it was strange to receive a beta update after receiving the​ final version I had been waiting for, for over a week. Let's hope battery life is a little better... But with a 25mb update I don't have much hope. Hopefully they do something cool with O. BBpost As someone mentioned below, I cleared out the cache for Google Play Services while on N2G47H and rebooted. This fixed the constant update cycle bug. Alvin persaud Install the "h" update first then "I" update (large)when it prompts u back to update to "h" just restart the phone and it should be good to go. Dan Zunko Nexus 5x just got the update. No loop so far. M.R. Betz 5X is up too. N2G47F for my 5X. jdawg0024 Google is also updating the Nexus 5x beta to final as well. I got the update just an hour ago TheDrunkenClam I have tried three times to install this OTA using Flashfire and cannot for the life of me get it to work. Flashfire detects it just fine, but once it fails, I don't know where the OTA resides after it is downloaded so I cannot find where it is to get it to try again (Flashfire doesn't automatically see it on the second attempt after that initial attempt for some reason). So I have been opting out of beta and then back in for it to re download the OTA and thus have Flashfire recognize. 1. Where does the OTA resides after it's downloaded? 2. Any settings in Flashfire that I should look for? idna As far as I can remember, the OTA resides in /data/ota_package (N5X, but it should be the same). And FlashFire can detect it if it's there. But in the past I noticed another location (complicated path, don't remember it now) had been used and indeed, it was not visible for FlashFire - and when I pointed the program to this location it didn't detect anything. What I would recommend is to simply grab the 7.1.2 factory image, opt out of the beta program and simply write this (factory) image with FlashFire, of course without overwriting the userdata partition. That's what I did when the images where released some weeks ago, I couldn't wait for Google to push this special OTA for those of us using the beta program. lomsha The notification finally went away on O. Margaritas Ante Porcos Nexus 6p owners, don't rush to update. My 6p's battery dies within few moments after I've updated from 7.1.1. to 7.1.2. You know how Google reacts to this. Google ignores anything. Morenicano In celebration of fixing the update loop, Google has decided to make another message app 2 Men-E For some reason my 6P is no longer receiving this final OTA. I downloaded it early today, but did not install it. Since then, I rebooted my 6P, and the install notification went away, and now when I check for updates, nothing is there. AnthonyRyan89 I got the final build update today and updated it then an hour later I got another update for the beta again. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 22 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 108 queries | 0.440s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Wednesday, April 12, 2017 [Tweets] [Favorites] Google’s Search Quality Crisis Danny Sullivan: What’s happened to Google search is on par with the Apple Maps fiasco or Samsung’s exploding Galaxy Note7 phones. […] Google’s results might be as good as ever. They might even be better than ever. But if the public perception is that Google has a search quality problem, that wins, because we don’t have any hard figures about relevancy. […] If you want to go further with me examining the issues in this particular search, see some of my commentary in this Twitter moment. But the facts don’t matter, in terms of Google’s search quality reputation. The Google outrage machine is stoked. […] We should continue to hold Google and search engines to a high standard and highlight where things clearly go wrong. But we should also understand that perfection isn’t going to be possible. That with imperfect search engines, we need to employ more human critical thinking skills alongside the searches we do — and that we teach those to generations to come. Nick Heer: I agree; I think users should have always been viewing search results with much more scrutiny than they do. But many people are lulled into believing that Google’s representation of the truth is the correct one. Their rich snippet answer box made this already-pervasive belief far worse by highlighting a single piece of a webpage as, seemingly, The Answer, even for questions where The Answer doesn’t exist. Previously: Google’s Algorithm Is Lying to You About Onions and Blaming Me for It. Google Search Web Comments Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←  → Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2017 Michael Tsai.
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 57° 57° Low 60° High 81° Thu 56° 83° Fri 59° 81° Sat 60° 82° See complete forecast Burger King’s new advertisement takes advantage of Google Home Posted 3:45 pm, April 12, 2017, by Ben Brice Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email SAN RAFAEL, CA - JULY 27: A car leaves a Burger King restaurant on July 27, 2015 in San Rafael, California. Burger King parent company Restaurant Brands International reported a 7.9 percent increase in second quarter sales at Burger King restaurants in the United States and Canada with revenue of $1.04 billion. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) × Burger King’s new advertisement takes advantage of Google Home SAN RAFAEL, CA - JULY 27: A car leaves a Burger King restaurant on July 27, 2015 in San Rafael, California. Burger King parent company Restaurant Brands International reported a 7.9 percent increase in second quarter sales at Burger King restaurants in the United States and Canada with revenue of $1.04 billion. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO (CNNMoney) — Your voice assistant could turn into an annoying advertiser if a marketing concept introduced by Burger King takes off. A new ad that Burger King debuted on Wednesday tried to use the Google Home to sell Whoppers. But it was quickly burned. “You’re watching a 15 second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich,” the TV commercial says. “But I got an idea. O.K. Google, what is the Whopper burger?” Google Home, hearing its call sign, replied to the commercial with information from the Whopper’s Wikipedia page. Google apparently didn’t appreciate its device being used for advertising. Shortly after Burger King launched the ad, Google Home stopped responding to the commercial. However, if you ask what a Whopper is your own voice, Google Assistant still answers. Smart assistants like Google Home and Amazon Echo are meant to simplify our lives by controlling apps, services and information with our voice. For instance, you can ask Google Home to read you the news or tell you the weather forecast. But Burger King’s hijacking introduces a new concept — an outsider controlling your assistant from the TV. According to David Carroll, associate professor of media design at the Parsons School of Design, Burger King’s approach might be a novel gimmick, but it will wear off fast. “There’s a law of diminishing returns here. The more brands that do it the more it becomes totally irritating,” Carroll told CNNTech. Google said it was not involved in the Burger King advertisement. Burger King did not immediately respond to request for comment. It’s not the first time virtual assistants have been activated by the television — to the profound annoyance of users. In January, a news anchor accidentally ordered dollhouses through viewers’ Echo devices during a segment on Alexa. And a Super Bowl ad for Google Home mistakenly activated the always-listening device. Burger King’s ploy is a unique way to engage a TV audience, but consumers don’t like it when their smart assistants try to sell them things. In March, Google Home irritated people when, unprompted, it alerted them to the opening of “Beauty and the Beast.” Google said it was not a movie ad and quickly removed it. Carroll said if brands start using voice assistants as vehicles for advertising, people might stop using them. “I think it’s going to backfire if it keeps happening,” he said. “Are people going to unplug the device when they watch TV? You don’t want to create a situation where consumers are developing resentment.” Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular 8-year-old drives his sister to McDonald’s to get a cheeseburger Alabama Senate passes unprecedented church police bill Jon Mason, husband of Rebekah Caldwell Mason, “no longer with the state” Just before he resigns, Gov. Bentley pleads guilty to two misdemeanor charges Latest News Social media posts reveal more details about Athens girl’s death Alabama A&M hires former UAB assistant Donnie Marsh as its new men’s basketball coach Quiet weather for how long? Spring’s storms will return before April ends Mild-winter could mean higher population of mosquitoes this spring News Infamous April Fools’ Day hoaxes through the years News Whopper of a deal: Burger King owner buys Popeyes News Burger King selling ‘Adults Meal’ for Valentine’s Day Eat. Play. Do. 2 new restaurants coming to Huntsville News Burger King worker fired over 50 cents worth of food wins $46K settlement Huntsville The Story Big Spring Cafe moving down the road on Governors Huntsville Local student’s artwork chosen as Doodle 4 Google national finalist News Google apologizes for displaying Robert E. Lee’s birthday instead of MLK Day News Budweiser’s Super Bowl ad celebrates immigrant tale of its co-founder Digital Life This Morning Your car’s data may soon be more valuable than the car itself Digital Life News How to get WHNT News 19 news, weather from Amazon’s “Alexa” BBB Consumer Alerts News Taking Action New Gmail Phishing Scam News Local chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. shares MLK Jr.’s message to Blossomwood Elementary students Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 6 Plus 1 on G+ 14 Share on Facebook 37 Share on Twitter Total Shares57 Applications News There was a surprising amount of anger directed at Google several days ago when the Assistant shopping list was moved from Keep to the Home app. Rather than being a general purpose list, it is now tied into Google Express. Now, the other shoe has dropped in the form of an update to the Express app. It brings shopping list improvements that jive with the new Assistant shopping list. Here's the changelog for the new update. Now you can invite your friends and family to add items to your Shopping Lists. Add items to shared lists from your phone, computer, and even Google Home. The app no longer runs Android versions older than Jelly Bean (released July 9, 2012). Spring cleaning bug fixes and a fresh new logo make it into this release as well. Sharing lists is an essential feature if you want people to actually use them for shopping, so the Express app now has native support for that. Items added to your list on a computer of via assistant will show up in the app instantly. Then, you can place your order and get the items in one business day (in most places). Although, that's kind of pointless if your preferred stores are not supported in Google Express. Google Express requires an annual membership or $95 or $10 per month. That's in addition to whatever it your chosen items cost. The new version is in the Play Store, as well as on APK Mirror. Download: Google Express (Play Store) Tags app updates apps assistant Google google express subscribe ... Previous Story Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago ... Next Story Google expands WebVR to Google Cardboard, adds 12 new WebVR demos to try out Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments mark555055d need cached / offline lists now as well, do it. Jason Pagliaro They could've at least migrated the existing shopping list from Keep over to this. Adding Wear support would've been smart as well. tenaku or, you know, just left the list in keep. create812 Not a fan of this app, and Google gets knocked down a couple points in my book for forcing the migration of assistant shopping list from Keep to this abomination. Pete Yes, baffling that people would be angry that a free, popular feature was removed with little notice and made part of a subscription service. Ronny Yeah. Putting a feature into a different app, that is not available for all users is totally thought through. Express is US only. Keep was not. Now I can access my list only through the home app, which then sends me to the webpage of Express. 👍 destinyhud if its not available to u then it opens up in a chrome custom tab. so i am not sure what ur problem is Kumnaa Chrome custom tabs aren't much use in a signaless supermarket :( Nicholas Conrad Express is us only? Not even. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/efd87369dea9a7505573611d0b0b04512b0d80862fdffcfec232c6a8892c3772.png notatoad Express is US only, but the shopping list feature seems to be fairly global - i can use it here in canada, albeit in a web page rather than a native app. not as good as Keep, but not as bad as being totally region-locked out of it like i was expecting. navjot Why not just keep the list in Keep but also allow access from Express? Like they do with Google Tasks (which is accessible through multiple services). Or even just add Google Express support to Keep? This all doesn't make sense for people that don't use Express. I use Express from time to time and I still find this incredibly stupid because I use my Google Assistant Shopping List in Google Keep for many things that I can't get from Express yet. DragoCubed Google express "support" in keep would've just solved it once and for all Timothy Angley Well, I guess I won't be using Assistant to make a shopping list. So disappointing that they would do this to people. Kevin Davis Gee, I'm shocked! Never saw this coming. 😉 Dbag move on the part of Google. Lateef Alabi-Oki Dick move from Google. Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher No Google love for Android Wear users. David Hyman Seems to work fine for my needs. The keep features were nice to have but not necessary for me. I hope that this allows assistant better access to the contents of my list Martin Send your angry feedback to Google! It's not like they care, but at least you will feel a little better when sending good wishes to their mothers :-))) Chris Sanner Allow me to sort the damn list. Anthony Castanza Congratulations! The shit sandwich no longer contains toenail clippings. Still a shit sandwich though. Morenicano Man, people are murdering the rating for express in the play store lol Grey I still don't understand what the fuck Google Express is. Do they ship the items to your house? notatoad if i don't have a list in Keep called "shopping", i get kicked over to google express. If there's a list in Keep called "shopping", asking google assistant to "add cookies to my shopping list" adds an entry to the list called shopping in Google Keep. Not sure what the problem is here? Mr. Shmidle Middle Great, Google took out a feature I could use and implemented it in a way I and many other users can't access now. Whelp I'll just add Google Express to the rest of em like Google Books, Google Music, Google Movies, Google Newsstand, etc... Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 99 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 97 queries | 0.400s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Contact Us Contests BCE: 60.86 +0.23 RCI-B: 60.03 +0.57 T: 44.63 +0.19 SJR-B: 28.76 +1.32 QBR-B: 41.51 +0.00 News Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDTGoogle Assistant code reveals that multi user support is coming soon Apr 12, 2017 4:09 PM EDTMicrosoft reveals Project Scorpio dev kits, hinting at possible final ... Apr 12, 2017 3:06 PM EDTRogers and Fido customers are experiencing issues with sending texts a... Apr 12, 2017 2:15 PM EDT‘Notification’ toggle found in Google Assistant’s se... Apr 12, 2017 1:47 PM EDTCanadian carriers offering up to $400 guaranteed trade-in value for th... Apr 12, 2017 1:30 PM EDTMicrosoft announces May 2 education-focused event Apr 12, 2017 1:29 PM EDT1.2 billion now use Facebook Messenger on a monthly basis Apr 12, 2017 12:14 PM EDTThe ‘Galaxy X’ is rumoured to be Samsung’s foldable ... Carriers Apr 12, 2017 3:06 PM EDTRogers and Fido customers are experiencing issues with sending texts a... Apr 12, 2017 1:47 PM EDTCanadian carriers offering up to $400 guaranteed trade-in value for th... Apr 12, 2017 10:46 AM EDTHere are all the changes to Canadian carrier rate plans this week Apr 12, 2017 9:15 AM EDTAlek Krstajic is stepping down as CEO of Freedom Mobile Apr 11, 2017 4:02 PM EDTRogers follows Bell and Telus in ending 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans Apr 10, 2017 3:36 PM EDTFido updates home internet packages following expansion of Virgin inte... Apr 6, 2017 7:10 PM EDTChamberland Commission reveals extent of cellular data requests made t... Apr 6, 2017 4:34 PM EDTCanadian national public alerting system to soon notify smartphones of... Manufacturers Apr 12, 2017 10:33 AM EDTBlackBerry awarded $815 million in arbitration from Qualcomm Apr 12, 2017 7:00 AM EDTGraphene is a durable electrode technology that could revolutionize fl... Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDTQualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Apr 6, 2017 1:25 PM EDTHuawei wins $15 million CAD patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung Apr 3, 2017 7:34 PM EDTLG, Samsung, Foxconn and more sign on to Google’s new ‘pat... Phones Apr 12, 2017 12:14 PM EDTThe ‘Galaxy X’ is rumoured to be Samsung’s foldable ... Apr 11, 2017 9:24 PM EDTSamsung says the Galaxy S8 will launch without Bixby Voice Apr 11, 2017 6:38 PM EDTTelus delays Samsung Galaxy S6 Nougat update to late April Apr 11, 2017 5:14 PM EDTApple releases second public beta of iOS 10.3.2 Apr 11, 2017 3:42 PM EDTLeak suggests Motorola will target low-end with new Moto C and Moto C ... Apr 11, 2017 8:51 AM EDTNew leak suggests OnePlus 5 will feature bezel-less QHD screen, Snapdr... Apr 10, 2017 8:45 AM EDTGoogle makes $880 million bid to secure curved OLED display supply for... Apr 9, 2017 7:31 AM EDTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Tablets Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Mar 21, 2017 8:59 AM EDTApple announces updated 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $449 CAD [Update: now... Wearables Apr 12, 2017 12:01 AM EDTTinker friendly Montreal-made Nex Band Evolution is now available for ... Apr 11, 2017 10:32 AM EDTAMD purchases Valve-backed wireless virtual reality company Nitero Apr 11, 2017 8:44 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Shazam joins the AR race Apr 10, 2017 8:56 PM EDTManitoba Public Insurance launches DRIVR-X VR experience to curb distr... Apr 10, 2017 7:06 PM EDTTake a VR trip through Drake’s mansion with the help of Opiats&#... Apr 10, 2017 5:27 PM EDTApple indicates VR is part of why its next Mac Pro needs to be more po... Apr 10, 2017 4:54 PM EDTToronto-based Globacore releases new Lemmings HoloLens demo Apr 10, 2017 2:49 PM EDTLG and New Balance announce Android Wear 2.0 for specific devices Virtual Reality Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apr 3, 2017 2:29 PM EDTHouse of VR is futuristic, art-focused and hopes to lead the charge in... Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM EDTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM EDTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM EDTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM EDTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM EDTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Apps/Games Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDTGoogle Assistant code reveals that multi user support is coming soon Apr 12, 2017 2:15 PM EDT‘Notification’ toggle found in Google Assistant’s se... Apr 12, 2017 1:29 PM EDT1.2 billion now use Facebook Messenger on a monthly basis Apr 12, 2017 11:23 AM EDTUberPool now available in Brampton and Scarborough Apr 12, 2017 9:42 AM EDTDropbox on Android adds document scanning Apr 12, 2017 8:00 AM EDTGoogle’s new drawing tool helps you doodle better on your phone ... Apr 11, 2017 7:05 PM EDTUncharted: The Lost Legacy is set to drop on August 22 Apr 11, 2017 6:21 PM EDTGift $5 and get $5 back with Starbucks iMessage integration Automotive Apr 10, 2017 4:19 PM EDTUberSelect services and new Uber office opens in Calgary, Alberta Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Mar 29, 2017 9:18 AM EDTTransport Canada grants Drone Delivery Canada flight certificate to te... Mar 24, 2017 7:13 AM EDTToronto Transit Commission report explores the introduction of driverl... Accessories Apr 12, 2017 11:49 AM EDTQuebec-based Smartduvet launches orders for temperature controlled bla... Apr 12, 2017 11:07 AM EDTThe original mid 90s Tamagotchi is getting re-released with minor changes Apr 11, 2017 1:03 AM EDTAmazon Canada selling select SD Cards at up to 36 percent off Apr 10, 2017 1:04 PM EDTMake your own portable game console with Makerbuino [Sticky or Not?] Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Apr 5, 2017 2:50 PM EDTBelkin releases new USB-C DuraTek Kevlar Fiber Cable and other USB-C a... Apr 5, 2017 9:29 AM EDTAukey’s 30,000mAh battery pack is the perfect Nintendo Switch tr... Apr 4, 2017 4:29 PM EDTMonitor your furry friend’s comings and goings with the Microchi... Reviews Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Phones Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Mar 24, 2017 3:05 PM EDT(Product)Red iPhone 7 hands-on video and gallery Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Mar 26, 2017 2:56 PM EDTBuilt for Speed is the cutest little retro racing game you’ll ev... Mar 25, 2017 7:22 AM EDTEarn rewards by making healthy choices with Carrot Rewards [App of the... Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung goes all in on curved screens with new Galaxy S8 and S8+ models Mar 9, 2017 4:00 PM EDTHow three Canadian cities are trying to become smart cities Mar 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTBlackBerry wants its BlackBerry Secure badge to instill security confi... Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM EDTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Resources Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers How-to's Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Rate Plans Business Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Carriers Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Security & Privacy Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Mar 21, 2017 7:34 AM EDTToronto-based SecureKey partners with IBM on newly launched blockchain... Mar 14, 2017 9:30 PM EDTU.S. Department of Justice ready to arrest 4 people in Yahoo breach, i... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Apr 3, 2017 8:12 AM EDTBlackBerry shuts down support forums and directs users to CrackBerry Syrup Community Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 15, 2017 4:00 PM EDT64 percent of MobileSyrup readers feel smartphones should be unlocked ... Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill SyrupCast Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Con... Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions News PREVIOUS Google Assistant code reveals that multi user support is coming soon By Dean Daley Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDT2017-04-12EDT16:38:24-04:002017-04-12EDT16:39:00-04:00 0 comments Google Assistant currently only allows for single user support, but with the most recent Google Beta app update it appears that might change. Google Assistant reacts to the hot-word “OK Google”, but only for one person. With multi-user support a person can have a love one or family member activate Assistant. The Google Beta app recently showed a card announcing multi-user support, according to Android Authority. The card disappeared the following day, suggesting that Google added the card by accident.  However, the most recent Google Beta update, 7.04, shows multi-user support is a possibility. Mishaal Rahman from XDA Developers did an APK teardown of the newest update and it revealed a feature that suggests registering multiple users to Google Assistant, states Android Authority. This would be an excellent addiction to Google Assistant, as it multi-user support allows another person to use the Assistant, and even unlock your phone. The APK teardown only suggests the possibility of Google registering only two voices though, even two-person support is still very useful. Rahman’s dig into the newest update also revealed other features that might be coming in the near future. A feature that may come to Google Home is the ability to rate the services provided by the Amazon Echo-like smart speaker. The APK teardown also reveals some sort of reference to something called ‘Bistro’. There isn’t any substantial information about exactly what Bistro is however, what Rahman did find was a phrase about notifications being “read aloud inside your headphones.” Source: Android Authority Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles Famous ‘Konami Code’ unlocks secret in Bank of Canada’s $10 bill website Graphene is a durable electrode technology that could revolutionize flexible displays Here are all the changes to Canadian carrier rate plans this week Tinker friendly Montreal-made Nex Band Evolution is now available for order Freedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,086,185 customers Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles News Mar 10, 2017 9:57 AM EDT Google is testing Assistant’s Canadian French capabilities News Mar 23, 2017 10:40 AM EDT Google Assistant has arrived on the OnePlus 3 and 3T News Apr 12, 2017 2:15 PM EDT ‘Notification’ toggle found in Google Assistant’s settings Comments Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Menu News Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDTGoogle Assistant code reveals that multi user support is coming soon Apr 12, 2017 4:09 PM EDTMicrosoft reveals Project Scorpio dev kits, hinting at possible final ... Apr 12, 2017 3:06 PM EDTRogers and Fido customers are experiencing issues with sending texts a... Apr 12, 2017 2:15 PM EDT‘Notification’ toggle found in Google Assistant’s se... Apr 12, 2017 1:47 PM EDTCanadian carriers offering up to $400 guaranteed trade-in value for th... Apr 12, 2017 1:30 PM EDTMicrosoft announces May 2 education-focused event Apr 12, 2017 1:29 PM EDT1.2 billion now use Facebook Messenger on a monthly basis Apr 12, 2017 12:14 PM EDTThe ‘Galaxy X’ is rumoured to be Samsung’s foldable ... All News Carriers Apr 12, 2017 3:06 PM EDTRogers and Fido customers are experiencing issues with sending texts a... Apr 12, 2017 1:47 PM EDTCanadian carriers offering up to $400 guaranteed trade-in value for th... Apr 12, 2017 10:46 AM EDTHere are all the changes to Canadian carrier rate plans this week Apr 12, 2017 9:15 AM EDTAlek Krstajic is stepping down as CEO of Freedom Mobile Apr 11, 2017 4:02 PM EDTRogers follows Bell and Telus in ending 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans Apr 10, 2017 3:36 PM EDTFido updates home internet packages following expansion of Virgin inte... Apr 6, 2017 7:10 PM EDTChamberland Commission reveals extent of cellular data requests made t... Apr 6, 2017 4:34 PM EDTCanadian national public alerting system to soon notify smartphones of... Manufacturers Apr 12, 2017 10:33 AM EDTBlackBerry awarded $815 million in arbitration from Qualcomm Apr 12, 2017 7:00 AM EDTGraphene is a durable electrode technology that could revolutionize fl... Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDTQualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Apr 6, 2017 1:25 PM EDTHuawei wins $15 million CAD patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung Apr 3, 2017 7:34 PM EDTLG, Samsung, Foxconn and more sign on to Google’s new ‘pat... Phones Apr 12, 2017 12:14 PM EDTThe ‘Galaxy X’ is rumoured to be Samsung’s foldable ... Apr 11, 2017 9:24 PM EDTSamsung says the Galaxy S8 will launch without Bixby Voice Apr 11, 2017 6:38 PM EDTTelus delays Samsung Galaxy S6 Nougat update to late April Apr 11, 2017 5:14 PM EDTApple releases second public beta of iOS 10.3.2 Apr 11, 2017 3:42 PM EDTLeak suggests Motorola will target low-end with new Moto C and Moto C ... Apr 11, 2017 8:51 AM EDTNew leak suggests OnePlus 5 will feature bezel-less QHD screen, Snapdr... Apr 10, 2017 8:45 AM EDTGoogle makes $880 million bid to secure curved OLED display supply for... Apr 9, 2017 7:31 AM EDTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Tablets Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Mar 21, 2017 8:59 AM EDTApple announces updated 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $449 CAD [Update: now... Wearables Apr 12, 2017 12:01 AM EDTTinker friendly Montreal-made Nex Band Evolution is now available for ... Apr 11, 2017 10:32 AM EDTAMD purchases Valve-backed wireless virtual reality company Nitero Apr 11, 2017 8:44 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Shazam joins the AR race Apr 10, 2017 8:56 PM EDTManitoba Public Insurance launches DRIVR-X VR experience to curb distr... Apr 10, 2017 7:06 PM EDTTake a VR trip through Drake’s mansion with the help of Opiats&#... Apr 10, 2017 5:27 PM EDTApple indicates VR is part of why its next Mac Pro needs to be more po... Apr 10, 2017 4:54 PM EDTToronto-based Globacore releases new Lemmings HoloLens demo Apr 10, 2017 2:49 PM EDTLG and New Balance announce Android Wear 2.0 for specific devices Virtual Reality Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apr 3, 2017 2:29 PM EDTHouse of VR is futuristic, art-focused and hopes to lead the charge in... Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM EDTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM EDTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM EDTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM EDTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM EDTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Apps/Games Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDTGoogle Assistant code reveals that multi user support is coming soon Apr 12, 2017 2:15 PM EDT‘Notification’ toggle found in Google Assistant’s se... Apr 12, 2017 1:29 PM EDT1.2 billion now use Facebook Messenger on a monthly basis Apr 12, 2017 11:23 AM EDTUberPool now available in Brampton and Scarborough Apr 12, 2017 9:42 AM EDTDropbox on Android adds document scanning Apr 12, 2017 8:00 AM EDTGoogle’s new drawing tool helps you doodle better on your phone ... Apr 11, 2017 7:05 PM EDTUncharted: The Lost Legacy is set to drop on August 22 Apr 11, 2017 6:21 PM EDTGift $5 and get $5 back with Starbucks iMessage integration Automotive Apr 10, 2017 4:19 PM EDTUberSelect services and new Uber office opens in Calgary, Alberta Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Mar 29, 2017 9:18 AM EDTTransport Canada grants Drone Delivery Canada flight certificate to te... Mar 24, 2017 7:13 AM EDTToronto Transit Commission report explores the introduction of driverl... Accessories Apr 12, 2017 11:49 AM EDTQuebec-based Smartduvet launches orders for temperature controlled bla... Apr 12, 2017 11:07 AM EDTThe original mid 90s Tamagotchi is getting re-released with minor changes Apr 11, 2017 1:03 AM EDTAmazon Canada selling select SD Cards at up to 36 percent off Apr 10, 2017 1:04 PM EDTMake your own portable game console with Makerbuino [Sticky or Not?] Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Apr 5, 2017 2:50 PM EDTBelkin releases new USB-C DuraTek Kevlar Fiber Cable and other USB-C a... Apr 5, 2017 9:29 AM EDTAukey’s 30,000mAh battery pack is the perfect Nintendo Switch tr... Apr 4, 2017 4:29 PM EDTMonitor your furry friend’s comings and goings with the Microchi... Reviews Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future All Reviews Phones Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Mar 24, 2017 3:05 PM EDT(Product)Red iPhone 7 hands-on video and gallery Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... All Features Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Mar 26, 2017 2:56 PM EDTBuilt for Speed is the cutest little retro racing game you’ll ev... Mar 25, 2017 7:22 AM EDTEarn rewards by making healthy choices with Carrot Rewards [App of the... Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung goes all in on curved screens with new Galaxy S8 and S8+ models Mar 9, 2017 4:00 PM EDTHow three Canadian cities are trying to become smart cities Mar 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTBlackBerry wants its BlackBerry Secure badge to instill security confi... Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM EDTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Resources Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers All Resources How-to's Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Rate Plans Business Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices All Business Carriers Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Security & Privacy Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Mar 21, 2017 7:34 AM EDTToronto-based SecureKey partners with IBM on newly launched blockchain... Mar 14, 2017 9:30 PM EDTU.S. Department of Justice ready to arrest 4 people in Yahoo breach, i... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Apr 3, 2017 8:12 AM EDTBlackBerry shuts down support forums and directs users to CrackBerry Syrup Community Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 15, 2017 4:00 PM EDT64 percent of MobileSyrup readers feel smartphones should be unlocked ... Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill All Syrup Community SyrupCast Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Con... Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 110 Best iPhone Apps for 2017 Josh Smith02/27/2017 These are the best iPhone apps that you can download to your new iPhone. These are our favorite iPhone apps to be productive on the iPhone, have fun, lose weight, relax and entertain ourselves. You can use these on the iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus as well as older iPhones. Our favorite iPhone apps are a mix of free and paid apps, and anything on this list is an app that we would buy a second time if we had to. Whether you are new to the iPhone, upgrading from an ancient iPhone or just looking for the best new iPhone apps to install — this list has something for you. Best iPhone Apps Here are the best iPhone apps to download in 2017. These best iPhone apps work on any device that runs iOS 10, and many will also work on iOS 9. If you have the iPhone 4 or the iPhone 7, there are great iPhone apps on this list for you to use. Most of these apps are optimized for the bigger screens of the iPhone 6, iPhone 6s, Phone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus — but they will work fine on smaller screens like the iPhone SE or iPhone 4s too. Best iPhone Photography Apps Best iPhone Games Best iPhone Entertainment Apps Best Business iPhone Apps Best iPhone Shopping Apps Best iPhone Health Apps Best iPhone Social Media Apps Best iPhone Travel Apps Best iPhone Budget Apps Best iPhone Apps to Save Money Best iPhone Fitness Apps Best iPhone Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone Apps to Make Money Best iPhone Alarm Clock Apps Best iPhone Racing Games for iPhone Best iPhone Diabetes Apps Best Math Apps Some of these include 3D Touch support for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus that allows users to use added functions with a harder press on the screen. These apps can connect you to other people, control your home, entertain you with games, music, and audiobooks and help you be more productive with the time you have. The Best iPhone Apps Here are the iPhone apps that I use the most. These are the iPhone apps that I keep on my home screen and the dock. Although this list doesn’t break down into nice categories, here is a look at the most useful iPhone apps I own. I’ll leave the default Apple apps off this list, but there are many on my home screen that I cannot live without. Google Maps – Hands down a better way to get from one place to the next or to search for places than Apple Maps. It has yet to tell me to drive off a non-existent bridge. I cannot say the same about Apple Maps. Huntington – Even with text notifications it is important for me to have access to my banking app on the home screen, and the ability to remotely deposit checks with the iPhone. SoundCloud – A great way to check out sets from music festivals and hard to find tracks from DJs and artists before they are on other services. Spotify – The best way to listen to music on the iPhone. Spotify is more evolved than Apple Music and it is a bargain at $9.99 a month. Audible – I listen to an incredible number of Audiobooks and Audible is the best place to buy them. With a subscription I save on audiobooks each month. Dark Sky – Great, hyper local forecasts and push notifications that tell me when it is going to rain or snow. Alien Blue – This is still the best iPhone Reddit app I’ve found, but I am looking for a replacement. Slack – If you work on a team or in a small office forget the hassles of email for internal communication and switch to Slack. You’ll love it. Asana – This is a to do list app and service that works great for teams, but you can also use it for your own tasks and projects. MyFitnessPal – MyFitnessPal is one of the best weight loss iPhone apps and it was the key to helping me lose 25 pounds this year. After a break I am back in the app to keep the weight off. Nest – The Nest app connects to my Nest thermostat to let me control the temperature of my house from bed or from a hundred miles away. This saves me energy and it’s an awesome convenience app. Harmony – I use the Harmony app along with the Logitech Harmony Ultimate Home remote and hub to control my home entertainment and lights. I can tap on Play Xbox One and the Tv, Xbox, soundbar and lights all turn to the right settings. I can also control my TV volume and channels with the iPhone. Hue – I control and customize five Hue lights with this app. I will be upgrading soon to use Siri to control the lights. Lutron Caséta – The Lutron Caséta app lets me use Siri and the app to turn lamps on and off at home using the Caséta Wireless switches and to control my Kitchen Lights after I replaced the switches. No need to upgrade bulbs for a smart home experience. MyQ – This app lets me open and close my Chamberlain WiFi garage door with my iPhone. I get push notifications, although on iOS 9 they sometimes double up, to let me know someone opened the door. HDE OTP – I use this app instead of Google Authenticator to track the many One Time Passwords I need to use as Two-Factor Authentication for several websites. Hangouts – Google Hangouts is an essential tool for communicating with friends, co-workers and family. LastPass – I only need to remember one password and I can use my long list of complicated passwords. Touch ID allows me to reach them with the touch of a finger instead of typing my password out. Read my LastPass review. Tweetbot 4 – The newest version of Tweetbot is an amazing way to connect to Twitter. It handles all my needs for sending messages and the new Activity tab removes the need for me to use the default Twitter app to track follows and retweets. Gmail – The Gmail app is a great way for most users to check email on the iPhone and an essential app for many people on our team. Notion – Notion.ai is the best iPhone email app you can find. It delivers smart notifications, easy inbox management and even knows when someone asks you a question. You need to try this app out today. These three apps earn an honorable mention on my home screen list since I keep them with easy access on my second home screen so that I can always access them. Evernote – The new Notes app is my go to app, but Evernote still offers a great place to save and track notes. I used this to track all communication about lost luggage and to share the notebook with interested parties easily. Workflow – Workflow lets you automate activities and tasks on the iPhone 6s, and it supports 3D Touch quick actions to your favorites. I am just scratching the surface of what it can do and I am amazed. Kindle – The Kindle app is my go to app for reading. I love it because I can use it to start a book, read more later on my Kindle and also always have the freedom to jump to another platform. 1Password – If you aren’t a fan of LastPass, 1Password is an excellent option that helps you keep all of your passwords safe behind, you guessed it one password. Calm – When you need a break from your hectic life, the Calm app will help you relax and refresh using your iPhone, headphones and a chair. Ring – You’ll need the Ring doorbell to make use of this app, but once you install it you can see and talk to people who ring your doorbell, even if you are miles away. Best iPhone Photography Apps I use these iPhone photography apps to make my photos look better, connect to my camera and share photos and videos. I use iCloud Photo Library to back up my photos, but if you don’t you should check out Flickr or Google Photos. YouTube Capture – – Record videos quickly and upload to YouTube in a snap. Perfect for content creators. Camera+ – A handy app that can perform magical automatic fixes for photos that need better lighting with one touch. Instagram – Fun place to explore photos and share photos. 3D Touch makes browsing in the Explore mode easier than ever. PlayMemories Mobile – I use this app to connect to my Sony RX 100 III and transfer photos to the iPhone for editing and sharing. Pixelmator – My favorite desktop photo editor is now on iPhone allowing me to quickly fix up and edit photos. iMovie – I often shoot review videos on the iPhone 6s and I can use iMovie to edit the 4K video I shoot and then choose to upload in 4K or in 1080P. TouchReTouch – This app performs miracles when you need to restore an old photo that has cracks, creases and damage. Simply amazing. Darkroom – This is another photo editing app that I enjoy using on the iPhone 6s. One thing I like is that there are sliders on one screen to adjust multiple options so I can easily adjust one and then the next. Afterlight – Powerful photo editing tool with filters, lots of control and the option to tap to see the original and let go to see your current edits for easy before and after editing. Layout – A simple tool from Instagram to combine photos into a collage on the iPhone to share on Instagram or another service. Best iPhone Games Here are the best iPhone games that I enjoy playing. There are a lot of great iPhone games out there and we expect to see more games add 3D Touch for the iPhone 6s in the coming weeks and months. Monument Valley – A fun and challenging puzzle style game that tasks gamers with moving the environment around until you can get your character to the right door. Threes! – Slide tiles around to match up numbers. Starts off simple, but gets challenging quickly as your numbers climb higher. Alto’s Adventure – Jump and ski your way to the bottom of a never-ending mountain as you collect llamas, run from village elders and collect power ups. Agar.io – Control growing circle that expands as it absorbs smaller circles until you are the biggest blob on the board. Simple, but addicting. Siegefall – A strategy game similar to Clash of Clans, but with a less cartoonish look. This is my favorite of the tow games and worth trying out. Clash of Clans – We can’t list off the best apps without touching on Clash of Clans which many iPhone users are addicted to playing. If you like it, you probably love it. Shadowmatic – My latest addiction is a puzzle type game where you move objects around to create a shadow on the wall. It is a simple premise, but the difficulty increases as you progress. Does Not Commute – Guide cars around the city to get them to the destination without crossing and crashing with the traffic you already put into place with earlier cars. Madden Mobile – A small fix of Madden on the iPhone. It isn’t as good as Madden 16 on the Xbox One, but it is a fun way to pass some time. Smashy Road: Wanted – A fun time waster for driving around and escaping the police with simple graphics. Fallout Shelter – Manage resources and grow your shelter in this Fallout game that is a perfect fit for the iPhone screen size. Fun and frustrating at the same time as you balance inhabitants and resources. Super Sharp – This fun puzzle game is challenging, incredibly fun and frustrating. You cut parts of the level to hit targets and often need to set up several cuts to proceed. Best iPhone Entertainment Apps Here are the go to apps I use to watch video on the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. I don’t keep as many on here as I do on the iPad Air 2, but there are must have apps in this list. DirecTV – I can watch live TV on my iPhone using my DirecTV subscription. I don’t get all of my channels, but there are enough great options. WatchESPN – Finally I can use DirecTV to login to WatchESPN to see sports events and Sports Center on the go. NFL Mobile – With my Verizon iPhone 6s I can watch the Sunday Night, Monday Night and Thursday Night Football games live on the iPhone. Remote – The fastest way to control the Apple TV from the iPhone. Makes selection, searching and entering passwords very easy. Netflix – How else can I keep up on Narcos and binge watch too many TV shows on my iPhone for $8 a month? ESPN – I use this app to track teams, which lately simply lets me see how the Miami Dolphins are losing before my coworkers mention it. NFL Sunday Ticket – I am constantly busy on Sunday, no matter how I plan it, so I rely on NFL Sunday Ticket to watch the Miami Dolphins on my iPhone 6s. Xbox One SmartGlass – With this app I can connect to my Xbox to change the game I am playing, enter in text and see and respond to messages without leaving a game. Yahoo Fantasy  – You can use this app to track almost any thing you need to stay on top of your fantasy sports team. Hulu – If you don’t want to pay for cable, this is one of the easiest ways to keep up on the latest shows without buying a bunch of season passes in iTunes. HBO Go – Watch HBO on your iPhone using your cable login, or use HBO Now to watch with a subscription direct to HBO. Access new shows and the full library of HBO Shows, plus current movies. YouTube – The YouTube app is the fastest way to watch YouTube videos on your iPhone and a great way to subscribe to channels you like. Amazon Instant Video – Amazon Prime members can use this to watch free streaming video on the iPhone including movies and TV shows without an additional subscription. Best Business iPhone Apps I use these apps to keep on top of business needs from my iPhone, from tracking packages, checking invoices paid and other utilities. These iPhone apps help me get things done. UPS – With UPS My Choice and this app I can see when packages will come and even change delivery options if I need to. Fedex – With this app and registration with FedEx I can see all FedEx packages coming to my house from Ground and Express in one place. Even when I don’t have a tracking number. Speedtest – I often find myself testing the network connection and mobile connection before working or uploading a big file. With this app I can see if my current location supports what I need to do. Scanner Pro – Scanner Pro lets me quickly scan in a document without a scanner. The results are amazing and you would swear that it came from a full size scanner in an office. PayPal – Quickly send money, transfer money and make payments without the need to have cash on hand. Chrome – I don’t use Chrome as my main iPhone browser, but it is handy to have installed for use with the various Google apps I rely on and for checking the open tabs from Chrome on my Mac. Facebook Pages – I use this app to manage several Facebook pages. There is no real alternative, but it is still one of my must have apps. WordPress – If you work in WordPress this app can be a lifesaver when mobile. It does eat through battery life fast and it can crash, but it allows me to get work done with just an iPhone. Google – This is essentially the Google Now experience on the iPhone. It allows me to see important information and I use it for push notifications when orders I place ship and I get an email about it. Quicklytics – The best Google Analytics app for the iPhone. Real time view, overall stats, and access to filters that let me run more detailed reports from the iPhone. Expensify – An easy to use expensing app that captures receipts and cash transactions easily. I can then share an expense report in a few minutes from the web after the trip. Quickbooks – Although QuickBooks can be a pain to use in some instances, the app is a fast way to look at the most important information relating to my account. Parkmobile – No change, no problem. I use the Parkmobile app to pay for parking in many locations. I can even re-up parking without going back to my car if I am held over in a meeting. Sheets – My most used web app is Google Sheets. I use this app to reach important spreadsheets on the go. I don’t do a ton of work on them while mobile, but this makes it easier to reference. Pages – There are still times where I need to open a Pages document on my iPhone and I also use this to check the word count of items written in apps that don’t offer a word count tool. Dropbox – Still the most accessible and easy to use cloud storage client I’ve found. This is an easy way to get to my files and to upload files for access from anywhere. Paper by fifty three – This is a go to app for sketching and marking up images. It is easier to use on a bigger screen, but it is still handy to have on the iPhone 6s. Best iPhone Shopping Apps I use these iPhone shopping apps to save money on groceries and to simplify shopping from my iPhone for almost anything I need. I leave alerts on for GasBuddy since it will tell me if gas prices are going up in my area, but most of the other apps don’t get permission to push notifications. Amazon – The fastest way to order from Amazon. If you have Amazon Prime this is a must have app. Meijer – I use this app to clip coupons digitally that I use in the store to save significantly. If you use another grocer, like Kroger, check out this guide to digital grocery coupons. Square Register – When my wife works a craft show we use this app to accept credit cards from our phone. It works like a charm. Apple Store – The fastest place to order a new iPhone is also a handy place to look for iPhone 6s accessories and other Apple items. Best Buy – As a My Best Buy member I use this app to make purchases and to check my points balance as well as see if the local store has something I want in stock. Gas Buddy – Find the cheapest gas near you and get an alert when gas prices are set to go up so that you can fill up before the price changes. Starbucks – With the new mobile ordering option the Starbucks app isn’t just a great way to pay from Wallet. You can use this to place an order and skip the line at a busy Starbucks. Chipotle – An easy way to order from Chipotle so you can skip the line and get that Burrito goodness. OpenTable – This is the fastest way to get a reservation at a restaurant. Forget calling and checking multiple times over the phone and checking with your group. See what is open and then book it without making a call. Credit Karma – Use Credit Karma to get a free look at your credit score and you can get alerts when actions that impact your credit happen. Hobby Lobby – If you shop at Hobby Lobby you need to have this app installed so you can save 40% on one item each week. Best Health Apps RunKeeper – I’ve shifted a lot of my workouts to the Apple Watch’s built-in tracker, but when I want more detail, the Runkeeper app is a solid tool that can help you track your fitness goals. Fitnet – I just started testing Fitnet. The free iPhone app offers up short focused workouts based on your goals and includes an Apple Watch app and an Apple Watch complication that shows your progress. Activity – This app installs automatically once you connect an Apple Watch. It is an easy way to see how often I hit movement and workout goals. It can motivate or shame me into doing a better job. Sleep Cycle – This app uses your iPhone to monitor your sleep and then it will wake you up at the best time based on your sleep patterns. Best iPhone Apps for Social Media Facebook – I honestly go back and forth between uninstalling and installing the Facebook app because there are times I don’t want the distraction of Facebook in my hand. I always leave notifications off. Facebook Messenger – This app is the way that I keep in touch with many friends, and it is a must have on the iPhone 6s. Snapchat – I don’t snap a lot, but I enjoy using the fun new Snapchat Lenses to change the look with fun augmented reality filters. Untappd – This is a social network for beer lovers that can help you find new beers to try and enjoy. Best iPhone Travel Apps StubHub – When you need to find tickets for a concert or sporting event that is sold out, StubHub offers a trusted environment to find the tickets you want. TripIt – The best all in one travel organizer that tracks your hotel, flight, car rental and other activities simply by connecting your email to the app or forwarding a reservation. Flightaware – Always know where a flight is. This is the best way to track the flights that your loved ones or business associates are on. Hotel Tonight – Score last-minute reservations at amazing hotels at a bargain. You can book for tonight or up to seven days out. Grub Hub – An essential tool for ordering delivery from restaurants without making a phone call. Available in 800 cities and includes 30,000 restaurants. TripAdvisor – This is the fastest and easiest way to find things to do and check reviews of hotels and attractions on your iPhone. Waze – While I normally rely on Google Maps, Waze is a tool i use when traffic is an issue. It helped us avoid a huge traffic jam and get to an event with minutes to spare instead of waiting in traffic and missing out on an amazing experience. Yelp – Yelp is my go to tool for finding a new place to eat in a new city. We also use it to discover new stores when in a bigger city and on the hunt for something local. Glympse – This tool can help you tell people when you will get to a location. Just share a Glympse with them and they can see your current location and estimated time of arrival. 12 Responses 02/24/2016 Brittanylcarlson Reply 0=1my best friend’s half-sister makes $87 /hr on the laptop . She has been out of a job for eight months but last month her check was $16467 just working on the laptop for a few hours. find more info…. See More 03/05/2017 Hailey Nicholas Reply I think lots of apps are totally useless on the list. Why don’t you get to this: [TOP 10 BEST MOST WANTED APPS 100% FREE] best apps of 2017. 02/24/2016 Jessica Reply For Location sharing, the app PointX is much better, it even works where there are no maps. Just like in remote areas and deserts. http://pointx.me/install 03/02/2016 Mike Rob Reply TinnBin is a brand new photo sharing and commenting app that works like a contest. I think it has everything to be a huge player in 2016. It’s simple and hilarious 04/08/2016 thibault10101 Reply Best new apps: http://lesapplicationsdesteban.blogspot.com/ 04/28/2016 pal Reply same article in 2017 – 1100 best iPhone apps. and so on… Since when ‘more than 1’ is ‘best’. Best used to be only 1 rest all were better than others. 05/09/2016 Cathyjcox Reply Ｉ Ａᴍ ᴍＡᴋɪɴɢ 84ＵＳＤ ᴘᴇʀ ʜᴏᴜʀ Ａɴᴅ Ａʟᴍᴏｓᴛ 16784ＵＳＤ ᴘᴇʀ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ ᴘＡʀᴛ ᴛɪᴍᴇ ᴏɴ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴏɴ ᴛʜᴇ ɢᴏᴏɢʟᴇ .ᴛʜɪｓ ᴛᴏᴛʟʏ ᴄʜＡɴɢᴇ ᴍʏ ʟɪғᴇ Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ,Ｉ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 09/18/2016 Luis Alberto Bolaños Reply I’m using narwhal for Reddit. I came to iOS from Android recently, and I used BaconReader for Android, but I have to point out I was disappointed at their iOS version. I went to Reddit threads asking which iOS client was top-notch, or at least acceptable, and that’s how I found about narwhal. Not sure what you’re looking for in a client, but narwhal is a gesture driven app, and a decent fit to me. You should give it a try. 11/20/2016 Macondo Labs Reply New BvR game released by Macondo Software Labs is very simple, but challenging fight between Blue and Red teams. Which OS is blue and which one is red remains for you to discover. Let’s see who wins! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.macondosoftwarelabs.bvr 02/27/2017 Tarek Reply Bonne jour tout le monde 04/12/2017 m1 Reply Hi, if You want to save track of Your travel or day to day activities, try Chemin iMM. Free and offline iOS app. 04/12/2017 m2 Reply for me a good entertainmnet app i DTabu iMM. Dedicated for people who loves group playing while long weekends or evenings. DTabu iMM delivers over 300 titles to play. Rule is simple – one person sees title and show it or draw it while another people from the team should guess this title. The restriction is that showing or drawing person cannot use forbidden words/items presented in DTabu imM. Great FUN! Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 110 Best iPhone Apps for 2017 Josh Smith02/27/2017 These are the best iPhone apps that you can download to your new iPhone. These are our favorite iPhone apps to be productive on the iPhone, have fun, lose weight, relax and entertain ourselves. You can use these on the iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus as well as older iPhones. Our favorite iPhone apps are a mix of free and paid apps, and anything on this list is an app that we would buy a second time if we had to. Whether you are new to the iPhone, upgrading from an ancient iPhone or just looking for the best new iPhone apps to install — this list has something for you. Best iPhone Apps Here are the best iPhone apps to download in 2017. These best iPhone apps work on any device that runs iOS 10, and many will also work on iOS 9. If you have the iPhone 4 or the iPhone 7, there are great iPhone apps on this list for you to use. Most of these apps are optimized for the bigger screens of the iPhone 6, iPhone 6s, Phone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus — but they will work fine on smaller screens like the iPhone SE or iPhone 4s too. Best iPhone Photography Apps Best iPhone Games Best iPhone Entertainment Apps Best Business iPhone Apps Best iPhone Shopping Apps Best iPhone Health Apps Best iPhone Social Media Apps Best iPhone Travel Apps Best iPhone Budget Apps Best iPhone Apps to Save Money Best iPhone Fitness Apps Best iPhone Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone Apps to Make Money Best iPhone Alarm Clock Apps Best iPhone Racing Games for iPhone Best iPhone Diabetes Apps Best Math Apps Some of these include 3D Touch support for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus that allows users to use added functions with a harder press on the screen. These apps can connect you to other people, control your home, entertain you with games, music, and audiobooks and help you be more productive with the time you have. The Best iPhone Apps Here are the iPhone apps that I use the most. These are the iPhone apps that I keep on my home screen and the dock. Although this list doesn’t break down into nice categories, here is a look at the most useful iPhone apps I own. I’ll leave the default Apple apps off this list, but there are many on my home screen that I cannot live without. Google Maps – Hands down a better way to get from one place to the next or to search for places than Apple Maps. It has yet to tell me to drive off a non-existent bridge. I cannot say the same about Apple Maps. Huntington – Even with text notifications it is important for me to have access to my banking app on the home screen, and the ability to remotely deposit checks with the iPhone. SoundCloud – A great way to check out sets from music festivals and hard to find tracks from DJs and artists before they are on other services. Spotify – The best way to listen to music on the iPhone. Spotify is more evolved than Apple Music and it is a bargain at $9.99 a month. Audible – I listen to an incredible number of Audiobooks and Audible is the best place to buy them. With a subscription I save on audiobooks each month. Dark Sky – Great, hyper local forecasts and push notifications that tell me when it is going to rain or snow. Alien Blue – This is still the best iPhone Reddit app I’ve found, but I am looking for a replacement. Slack – If you work on a team or in a small office forget the hassles of email for internal communication and switch to Slack. You’ll love it. Asana – This is a to do list app and service that works great for teams, but you can also use it for your own tasks and projects. MyFitnessPal – MyFitnessPal is one of the best weight loss iPhone apps and it was the key to helping me lose 25 pounds this year. After a break I am back in the app to keep the weight off. Nest – The Nest app connects to my Nest thermostat to let me control the temperature of my house from bed or from a hundred miles away. This saves me energy and it’s an awesome convenience app. Harmony – I use the Harmony app along with the Logitech Harmony Ultimate Home remote and hub to control my home entertainment and lights. I can tap on Play Xbox One and the Tv, Xbox, soundbar and lights all turn to the right settings. I can also control my TV volume and channels with the iPhone. Hue – I control and customize five Hue lights with this app. I will be upgrading soon to use Siri to control the lights. Lutron Caséta – The Lutron Caséta app lets me use Siri and the app to turn lamps on and off at home using the Caséta Wireless switches and to control my Kitchen Lights after I replaced the switches. No need to upgrade bulbs for a smart home experience. MyQ – This app lets me open and close my Chamberlain WiFi garage door with my iPhone. I get push notifications, although on iOS 9 they sometimes double up, to let me know someone opened the door. HDE OTP – I use this app instead of Google Authenticator to track the many One Time Passwords I need to use as Two-Factor Authentication for several websites. Hangouts – Google Hangouts is an essential tool for communicating with friends, co-workers and family. LastPass – I only need to remember one password and I can use my long list of complicated passwords. Touch ID allows me to reach them with the touch of a finger instead of typing my password out. Read my LastPass review. Tweetbot 4 – The newest version of Tweetbot is an amazing way to connect to Twitter. It handles all my needs for sending messages and the new Activity tab removes the need for me to use the default Twitter app to track follows and retweets. Gmail – The Gmail app is a great way for most users to check email on the iPhone and an essential app for many people on our team. Notion – Notion.ai is the best iPhone email app you can find. It delivers smart notifications, easy inbox management and even knows when someone asks you a question. You need to try this app out today. These three apps earn an honorable mention on my home screen list since I keep them with easy access on my second home screen so that I can always access them. Evernote – The new Notes app is my go to app, but Evernote still offers a great place to save and track notes. I used this to track all communication about lost luggage and to share the notebook with interested parties easily. Workflow – Workflow lets you automate activities and tasks on the iPhone 6s, and it supports 3D Touch quick actions to your favorites. I am just scratching the surface of what it can do and I am amazed. Kindle – The Kindle app is my go to app for reading. I love it because I can use it to start a book, read more later on my Kindle and also always have the freedom to jump to another platform. 1Password – If you aren’t a fan of LastPass, 1Password is an excellent option that helps you keep all of your passwords safe behind, you guessed it one password. Calm – When you need a break from your hectic life, the Calm app will help you relax and refresh using your iPhone, headphones and a chair. Ring – You’ll need the Ring doorbell to make use of this app, but once you install it you can see and talk to people who ring your doorbell, even if you are miles away. Best iPhone Photography Apps I use these iPhone photography apps to make my photos look better, connect to my camera and share photos and videos. I use iCloud Photo Library to back up my photos, but if you don’t you should check out Flickr or Google Photos. YouTube Capture – – Record videos quickly and upload to YouTube in a snap. Perfect for content creators. Camera+ – A handy app that can perform magical automatic fixes for photos that need better lighting with one touch. Instagram – Fun place to explore photos and share photos. 3D Touch makes browsing in the Explore mode easier than ever. PlayMemories Mobile – I use this app to connect to my Sony RX 100 III and transfer photos to the iPhone for editing and sharing. Pixelmator – My favorite desktop photo editor is now on iPhone allowing me to quickly fix up and edit photos. iMovie – I often shoot review videos on the iPhone 6s and I can use iMovie to edit the 4K video I shoot and then choose to upload in 4K or in 1080P. TouchReTouch – This app performs miracles when you need to restore an old photo that has cracks, creases and damage. Simply amazing. Darkroom – This is another photo editing app that I enjoy using on the iPhone 6s. One thing I like is that there are sliders on one screen to adjust multiple options so I can easily adjust one and then the next. Afterlight – Powerful photo editing tool with filters, lots of control and the option to tap to see the original and let go to see your current edits for easy before and after editing. Layout – A simple tool from Instagram to combine photos into a collage on the iPhone to share on Instagram or another service. Best iPhone Games Here are the best iPhone games that I enjoy playing. There are a lot of great iPhone games out there and we expect to see more games add 3D Touch for the iPhone 6s in the coming weeks and months. Monument Valley – A fun and challenging puzzle style game that tasks gamers with moving the environment around until you can get your character to the right door. Threes! – Slide tiles around to match up numbers. Starts off simple, but gets challenging quickly as your numbers climb higher. Alto’s Adventure – Jump and ski your way to the bottom of a never-ending mountain as you collect llamas, run from village elders and collect power ups. Agar.io – Control growing circle that expands as it absorbs smaller circles until you are the biggest blob on the board. Simple, but addicting. Siegefall – A strategy game similar to Clash of Clans, but with a less cartoonish look. This is my favorite of the tow games and worth trying out. Clash of Clans – We can’t list off the best apps without touching on Clash of Clans which many iPhone users are addicted to playing. If you like it, you probably love it. Shadowmatic – My latest addiction is a puzzle type game where you move objects around to create a shadow on the wall. It is a simple premise, but the difficulty increases as you progress. Does Not Commute – Guide cars around the city to get them to the destination without crossing and crashing with the traffic you already put into place with earlier cars. Madden Mobile – A small fix of Madden on the iPhone. It isn’t as good as Madden 16 on the Xbox One, but it is a fun way to pass some time. Smashy Road: Wanted – A fun time waster for driving around and escaping the police with simple graphics. Fallout Shelter – Manage resources and grow your shelter in this Fallout game that is a perfect fit for the iPhone screen size. Fun and frustrating at the same time as you balance inhabitants and resources. Super Sharp – This fun puzzle game is challenging, incredibly fun and frustrating. You cut parts of the level to hit targets and often need to set up several cuts to proceed. Best iPhone Entertainment Apps Here are the go to apps I use to watch video on the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. I don’t keep as many on here as I do on the iPad Air 2, but there are must have apps in this list. DirecTV – I can watch live TV on my iPhone using my DirecTV subscription. I don’t get all of my channels, but there are enough great options. WatchESPN – Finally I can use DirecTV to login to WatchESPN to see sports events and Sports Center on the go. NFL Mobile – With my Verizon iPhone 6s I can watch the Sunday Night, Monday Night and Thursday Night Football games live on the iPhone. Remote – The fastest way to control the Apple TV from the iPhone. Makes selection, searching and entering passwords very easy. Netflix – How else can I keep up on Narcos and binge watch too many TV shows on my iPhone for $8 a month? ESPN – I use this app to track teams, which lately simply lets me see how the Miami Dolphins are losing before my coworkers mention it. NFL Sunday Ticket – I am constantly busy on Sunday, no matter how I plan it, so I rely on NFL Sunday Ticket to watch the Miami Dolphins on my iPhone 6s. Xbox One SmartGlass – With this app I can connect to my Xbox to change the game I am playing, enter in text and see and respond to messages without leaving a game. Yahoo Fantasy  – You can use this app to track almost any thing you need to stay on top of your fantasy sports team. Hulu – If you don’t want to pay for cable, this is one of the easiest ways to keep up on the latest shows without buying a bunch of season passes in iTunes. HBO Go – Watch HBO on your iPhone using your cable login, or use HBO Now to watch with a subscription direct to HBO. Access new shows and the full library of HBO Shows, plus current movies. YouTube – The YouTube app is the fastest way to watch YouTube videos on your iPhone and a great way to subscribe to channels you like. Amazon Instant Video – Amazon Prime members can use this to watch free streaming video on the iPhone including movies and TV shows without an additional subscription. Best Business iPhone Apps I use these apps to keep on top of business needs from my iPhone, from tracking packages, checking invoices paid and other utilities. These iPhone apps help me get things done. UPS – With UPS My Choice and this app I can see when packages will come and even change delivery options if I need to. Fedex – With this app and registration with FedEx I can see all FedEx packages coming to my house from Ground and Express in one place. Even when I don’t have a tracking number. Speedtest – I often find myself testing the network connection and mobile connection before working or uploading a big file. With this app I can see if my current location supports what I need to do. Scanner Pro – Scanner Pro lets me quickly scan in a document without a scanner. The results are amazing and you would swear that it came from a full size scanner in an office. PayPal – Quickly send money, transfer money and make payments without the need to have cash on hand. Chrome – I don’t use Chrome as my main iPhone browser, but it is handy to have installed for use with the various Google apps I rely on and for checking the open tabs from Chrome on my Mac. Facebook Pages – I use this app to manage several Facebook pages. There is no real alternative, but it is still one of my must have apps. WordPress – If you work in WordPress this app can be a lifesaver when mobile. It does eat through battery life fast and it can crash, but it allows me to get work done with just an iPhone. Google – This is essentially the Google Now experience on the iPhone. It allows me to see important information and I use it for push notifications when orders I place ship and I get an email about it. Quicklytics – The best Google Analytics app for the iPhone. Real time view, overall stats, and access to filters that let me run more detailed reports from the iPhone. Expensify – An easy to use expensing app that captures receipts and cash transactions easily. I can then share an expense report in a few minutes from the web after the trip. Quickbooks – Although QuickBooks can be a pain to use in some instances, the app is a fast way to look at the most important information relating to my account. Parkmobile – No change, no problem. I use the Parkmobile app to pay for parking in many locations. I can even re-up parking without going back to my car if I am held over in a meeting. Sheets – My most used web app is Google Sheets. I use this app to reach important spreadsheets on the go. I don’t do a ton of work on them while mobile, but this makes it easier to reference. Pages – There are still times where I need to open a Pages document on my iPhone and I also use this to check the word count of items written in apps that don’t offer a word count tool. Dropbox – Still the most accessible and easy to use cloud storage client I’ve found. This is an easy way to get to my files and to upload files for access from anywhere. Paper by fifty three – This is a go to app for sketching and marking up images. It is easier to use on a bigger screen, but it is still handy to have on the iPhone 6s. Best iPhone Shopping Apps I use these iPhone shopping apps to save money on groceries and to simplify shopping from my iPhone for almost anything I need. I leave alerts on for GasBuddy since it will tell me if gas prices are going up in my area, but most of the other apps don’t get permission to push notifications. Amazon – The fastest way to order from Amazon. If you have Amazon Prime this is a must have app. Meijer – I use this app to clip coupons digitally that I use in the store to save significantly. If you use another grocer, like Kroger, check out this guide to digital grocery coupons. Square Register – When my wife works a craft show we use this app to accept credit cards from our phone. It works like a charm. Apple Store – The fastest place to order a new iPhone is also a handy place to look for iPhone 6s accessories and other Apple items. Best Buy – As a My Best Buy member I use this app to make purchases and to check my points balance as well as see if the local store has something I want in stock. Gas Buddy – Find the cheapest gas near you and get an alert when gas prices are set to go up so that you can fill up before the price changes. Starbucks – With the new mobile ordering option the Starbucks app isn’t just a great way to pay from Wallet. You can use this to place an order and skip the line at a busy Starbucks. Chipotle – An easy way to order from Chipotle so you can skip the line and get that Burrito goodness. OpenTable – This is the fastest way to get a reservation at a restaurant. Forget calling and checking multiple times over the phone and checking with your group. See what is open and then book it without making a call. Credit Karma – Use Credit Karma to get a free look at your credit score and you can get alerts when actions that impact your credit happen. Hobby Lobby – If you shop at Hobby Lobby you need to have this app installed so you can save 40% on one item each week. Best Health Apps RunKeeper – I’ve shifted a lot of my workouts to the Apple Watch’s built-in tracker, but when I want more detail, the Runkeeper app is a solid tool that can help you track your fitness goals. Fitnet – I just started testing Fitnet. The free iPhone app offers up short focused workouts based on your goals and includes an Apple Watch app and an Apple Watch complication that shows your progress. Activity – This app installs automatically once you connect an Apple Watch. It is an easy way to see how often I hit movement and workout goals. It can motivate or shame me into doing a better job. Sleep Cycle – This app uses your iPhone to monitor your sleep and then it will wake you up at the best time based on your sleep patterns. Best iPhone Apps for Social Media Facebook – I honestly go back and forth between uninstalling and installing the Facebook app because there are times I don’t want the distraction of Facebook in my hand. I always leave notifications off. Facebook Messenger – This app is the way that I keep in touch with many friends, and it is a must have on the iPhone 6s. Snapchat – I don’t snap a lot, but I enjoy using the fun new Snapchat Lenses to change the look with fun augmented reality filters. Untappd – This is a social network for beer lovers that can help you find new beers to try and enjoy. Best iPhone Travel Apps StubHub – When you need to find tickets for a concert or sporting event that is sold out, StubHub offers a trusted environment to find the tickets you want. TripIt – The best all in one travel organizer that tracks your hotel, flight, car rental and other activities simply by connecting your email to the app or forwarding a reservation. Flightaware – Always know where a flight is. This is the best way to track the flights that your loved ones or business associates are on. Hotel Tonight – Score last-minute reservations at amazing hotels at a bargain. You can book for tonight or up to seven days out. Grub Hub – An essential tool for ordering delivery from restaurants without making a phone call. Available in 800 cities and includes 30,000 restaurants. TripAdvisor – This is the fastest and easiest way to find things to do and check reviews of hotels and attractions on your iPhone. Waze – While I normally rely on Google Maps, Waze is a tool i use when traffic is an issue. It helped us avoid a huge traffic jam and get to an event with minutes to spare instead of waiting in traffic and missing out on an amazing experience. Yelp – Yelp is my go to tool for finding a new place to eat in a new city. We also use it to discover new stores when in a bigger city and on the hunt for something local. Glympse – This tool can help you tell people when you will get to a location. Just share a Glympse with them and they can see your current location and estimated time of arrival. 12 Responses 02/24/2016 Brittanylcarlson Reply 0=1my best friend’s half-sister makes $87 /hr on the laptop . She has been out of a job for eight months but last month her check was $16467 just working on the laptop for a few hours. find more info…. See More 03/05/2017 Hailey Nicholas Reply I think lots of apps are totally useless on the list. Why don’t you get to this: [TOP 10 BEST MOST WANTED APPS 100% FREE] best apps of 2017. 02/24/2016 Jessica Reply For Location sharing, the app PointX is much better, it even works where there are no maps. Just like in remote areas and deserts. http://pointx.me/install 03/02/2016 Mike Rob Reply TinnBin is a brand new photo sharing and commenting app that works like a contest. I think it has everything to be a huge player in 2016. It’s simple and hilarious 04/08/2016 thibault10101 Reply Best new apps: http://lesapplicationsdesteban.blogspot.com/ 04/28/2016 pal Reply same article in 2017 – 1100 best iPhone apps. and so on… Since when ‘more than 1’ is ‘best’. Best used to be only 1 rest all were better than others. 05/09/2016 Cathyjcox Reply Ｉ Ａᴍ ᴍＡᴋɪɴɢ 84ＵＳＤ ᴘᴇʀ ʜᴏᴜʀ Ａɴᴅ Ａʟᴍᴏｓᴛ 16784ＵＳＤ ᴘᴇʀ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ ᴘＡʀᴛ ᴛɪᴍᴇ ᴏɴ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴏɴ ᴛʜᴇ ɢᴏᴏɢʟᴇ .ᴛʜɪｓ ᴛᴏᴛʟʏ ᴄʜＡɴɢᴇ ᴍʏ ʟɪғᴇ Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ,Ｉ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 09/18/2016 Luis Alberto Bolaños Reply I’m using narwhal for Reddit. I came to iOS from Android recently, and I used BaconReader for Android, but I have to point out I was disappointed at their iOS version. I went to Reddit threads asking which iOS client was top-notch, or at least acceptable, and that’s how I found about narwhal. Not sure what you’re looking for in a client, but narwhal is a gesture driven app, and a decent fit to me. You should give it a try. 11/20/2016 Macondo Labs Reply New BvR game released by Macondo Software Labs is very simple, but challenging fight between Blue and Red teams. Which OS is blue and which one is red remains for you to discover. Let’s see who wins! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.macondosoftwarelabs.bvr 02/27/2017 Tarek Reply Bonne jour tout le monde 04/12/2017 m1 Reply Hi, if You want to save track of Your travel or day to day activities, try Chemin iMM. Free and offline iOS app. 04/12/2017 m2 Reply for me a good entertainmnet app i DTabu iMM. Dedicated for people who loves group playing while long weekends or evenings. DTabu iMM delivers over 300 titles to play. Rule is simple – one person sees title and show it or draw it while another people from the team should guess this title. The restriction is that showing or drawing person cannot use forbidden words/items presented in DTabu imM. Great FUN! Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 57° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 81F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy in the evening with more clouds for later at night. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low around 60F. Winds light and variable. Updated: April 13, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Daniel Acker An employee assists a customer at the drive-through of a Burger King restaurant in Peoria, Ill., on Aug. 26, 2014. Bloomberg photo by Daniel Acker. Burger King's Whopper gets prank Wikipedia edits in ad gag Associated Press 9 hrs ago (…) Daniel Acker An employee assists a customer at the drive-through of a Burger King restaurant in Peoria, Ill., on Aug. 26, 2014. Bloomberg photo by Daniel Acker. Updated at 3:46 p.m. NEW YORK • Burger King's latest ad stunt is resulting in some less-than-flattering descriptions of its Whopper sandwich. The hamburger chain unveiled a 15-second ad Wednesday designed to trigger Google Home devices into reciting the definition of a Whopper, pulled from the website Wikipedia. But the website can be edited by users, and the definition had been changed to insert "cyanide" as an ingredient in one version. Another user later changed the definition to say the Whopper is "the worst hamburger product" sold by the chain. Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International, says it is not behind the negative edits and that it has been trying to change the definition back to one that it was hoping to promote. As of late Wednesday afternoon, the Wikipedia entry included a lengthy description that said the burger "has undergone several reformulations including resizing and bread changes." It also noted that the Whopper is often "at the center of advertising promotions, product tie-ins, and even corporate practical jokes and hoaxes." The ad is expected to run nationally Wednesday night on networks including Comedy Central, MTV and Bravo. _____________________ Our earlier story, from Bloomberg, posted at 12:22 p.m. A new Burger King TV commercial is designed to trigger Google's voice-controlled speakers in viewers' homes, adding a wrinkle to the debate over whether such devices have become too invasive. In the 15-second ad, a Burger King employee says, "OK, Google. What is the Whopper burger?" If viewers are watching the commercial near a Google Home gadget, the "OK Google" prompt will cause the device to read the Wikipedia entry for the sandwich. The TV spots are airing nationally starting Wednesday on networks such as Spike, MTV and Comedy Central. The commercial extends Burger King's record of trying to push the envelope with its marketing. In 2015, the restaurant chain sought a "truce" with rival McDonald's by offering to create a peace burger called the McWhopper. It also brought back its deliberately creepy King mascot in recent years. The character loomed in the background during the much-hyped boxing match of Floyd Mayweather-Manny Pacquiao in 2015. The Google stunt could renew concerns about whether voice-activated technology has unintended consequences. Amazon.com's Echo devices and Samsung Electronics's smart televisions have faced criticism from privacy groups over the extent of the conversations and data that they track. The Echo, which answers to "Alexa," also lets consumers buy products with quick voice commands — creating the potential for accidental orders. How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc., said it's not collaborating with Alphabet Inc.'s Google on the ads. But the plug could give a boost to a device that is playing catch-up with the Echo. Analysts estimate that Google shipped about 500,000 units in the first quarter after the Home product debuted late last year. "It's a cool way, and a bold way, to surprise our guests," said Jose Cil, president of the Burger King brand. The company believes the interaction will be "very positive," he said. A broader U.S. restaurant slump is forcing restaurant chains like Burger King to vie more fiercely for customers. Some have introduced new menu items and value deals, while others have increased advertising to boost customer traffic. McDonald's began offering $1 and $2 drink specials this month, while Wendy's has been remodeling stores and touting its fresh beef. Burger King also rolled out a new version of its chicken sandwich last month, and it enlisted " haters" — people who criticized the old sandwich on social media — to market the revamped item. "Burger King has been doing creative, innovative things for a long time," Cil said. "It's something that we feel strongly about." Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Advertising Burger King Economics Marketing Ad Commerce View (…) comments Most popular Stores are closing at a pace that rivals the last U.S. recession Brothers turn toward the unconventional with St. Charles County shrimp farm St. Louis isn't alone in losing corporate headquarters Dogtown apartment developers in talks with local grocer Why the payday loan industry is declining in Missouri Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News The 2016 Holiday Hiring Season: Higher Wages Ahead Train Your Team to be a Recruiting Machine Flexible Scheduling for Today’s Seasonal Workers Customer Service Strategies that Help Maximize Holiday Sales Signing High Demand Talent: Intel from Staffing Experts Latest in section U.S. stock indexes post modest losses; bond yields slump Reinsurance Group CEO earns $10.4 million in final year Berkshire Hathaway reverses course on Wells Fargo Iron artwork of dog at tree missing from Venice Cafe A-B InBev to wring potential from Africa beer with exports Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Look for our new section in Sunday's Post-Dispatch. Nominations for the 2017 awards are now open Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Google blocks invasive Burger King ad from taking over Google Ho - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Google blocks invasive Burger King ad from taking over Google Home Posted: Wednesday, April 12, 2017 4:30 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, April 12, 2017 4:31 PM EDT By Selena Larson SAN FRANCISCO (CNNMoney) -- Your voice assistant could turn into an annoying advertiser if a marketing concept introduced by Burger King takes off. A new ad that Burger King debuted on Wednesday tried to use the Google Home to sell Whoppers. But it was quickly burned. "You're watching a 15 second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich," the TV commercial says. "But I got an idea. O.K. Google, what is the Whopper burger?" Google Home, hearing its call sign, replied to the commercial with information from the Whopper's Wikipedia page. Google apparently didn't appreciate its device being used for advertising. Shortly after Burger King launched the ad, Google Home stopped responding to the commercial. However, if you ask what a Whopper is your own voice, Google Assistant still answers. Smart assistants like Google Home and Amazon Echo are meant to simplify our lives by controlling apps, services and information with our voice. For instance, you can ask Google Home to read you the news or tell you the weather forecast. But Burger King's hijacking introduces a new concept -- an outsider controlling your assistant from the TV. According to David Carroll, associate professor of media design at the Parsons School of Design, Burger King's approach might be a novel gimmick, but it will wear off fast. "There's a law of diminishing returns here. The more brands that do it the more it becomes totally irritating," Carroll told CNNTech. Google said it was not involved in the Burger King advertisement. Burger King did not immediately respond to request for comment. It's not the first time virtual assistants have been activated by the television -- to the profound annoyance of users. In January, a news anchor accidentally ordered dollhouses through viewers' Echo devices during a segment on Alexa. And a Super Bowl ad for Google Home mistakenly activated the always-listening device. Burger King's ploy is a unique way to engage a TV audience, but consumers don't like it when their smart assistants try to sell them things. In March, Google Home irritated people when, unprompted, it alerted them to the opening of "Beauty and the Beast." Google said it was not a movie ad and quickly removed it. Carroll said if brands start using voice assistants as vehicles for advertising, people might stop using them. "I think it's going to backfire if it keeps happening," he said. "Are people going to unplug the device when they watch TV? You don't want to create a situation where consumers are developing resentment." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 58 Plus 1 on G+ 259 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares382 News Videos Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Always-listening voice assistants, like Google Now/Assistant or Alexa, can't really tell the difference between you talking and someone else (unless you have Trusted Voice enabled on Android). Maybe you've watched a few tech videos where someone said "Ok Google," and your phone started talking back. Burger King seems to be the first company to purposely trigger Google Now/Assistant in a television ad. In the below video, a Burger King employee says "Ok Google, what is the whopper burger," right before the ad ends: As mentioned above, turning on Trusted Voice on your Android devices gets around this, but the Google Home has no such option. Searching Google Trends for "what is the whopper burger" shows a graph of Burger King's victims: If you wanted to be funny and edit the Whopper page on Wikipedia to say something else, the page has already been locked due to vandalism. It also looks like someone from Burger King changed the page immediately before rolling out the ad to list the ingredients at the top (which has since been reverted). Let us know in the comments below if you've seen the ad on TV. Source: Buzzfeed Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Google disabled the voice command for Burger King's commercial 😂😂 (it previously worked) pic.twitter.com/xDWF4wDS1Z — Niv Dror (@Nivo0o0) April 12, 2017 End of Update Tags burger king google assistant google now google search hotword OK Google okay google video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon Galaxy Note5 and S6 edge+ receiving Android 7.0 Nougat updates ... Next Story Qualcomm ordered to pay out nearly a billion dollars to BlackBerry over royalty dispute Trending 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments TechGuy22 ah Sup Hah. That's actually quite smart. MJ Pissing off potential customers is smart? Nicholas C They will get tons of free attention from this. So yea. Sup People get pissed off so easily :/ EowynCarter Well, yeah, I don't like ads. So intrusive ad like this tends to get the opposite effect. MisterAlex If I'd theoretically been watching cable television (which I don't subscribe to) and this ad came on and triggered my phone and/or Home, I'd be far more amused than irritated. And it's not like Google would have ever let it last long, anyway. Impulse_Vigil It's amusing for all of 5s, sets a bad precedent and encourages a drove of similar stunts tho. Ryan Johnson Yeah what a shame that people get pissed off from having some advertisement take advantage of their devices to read marketing BS at them. Not to mention editing & hassling Wikipedia to have the first paragraph say what they want. Everyone already knows what the Whopper is anyway AndroidUser00110001 Funny... Kieron Quinn In before someone really good at SEO makes a site which takes over the card read out by the Home to say something against BK Kieron Quinn Or, as it's been done before, simply edit the wikipedia page at the right time so the spider resets the text to say it Corbin Davenport The Whopper page is already edit locked. Kieron Quinn Shame. Will have to be an elaborate SEO trick then My1 it's semi-locked only though. meaning only registered members can edit iirc. Pessimippopotamus Google Home needs trained voice recognition like yesterday. the_secret The article does mention "trusted voice" can be enabled, like today! Suicide_Note Not on Google Home devices it can't. EcE Reading and comprehension is hard. nxtiak Trusted voice is only on phones. UniBroW Beta product is Beta ilovetesla this is not stupid , its smart guys EcE It's bullshit. MisterAlex No, it's brilliant. It is obvious from the onset that the voice response would be disabled on the back-end by Google—so it would, at worst, be a nuisance for Home owners for a very brief time. But we're all watching the video and discussing it. This very short, very low-budget video has more than done its job. EcE Sure, it got people talking about it but I'm sure everyone who got caught off guard by it went running to their nearest BK. Marcelove If you are an idiot, then sure it is bullshit. EcE aaaaand blocked Powsniffer0110 Wahhh JD Stupid like a fox. Kwetsima Maluleke Hmm. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd13dabd7f3d4c34cb64cf739e07667abaae63d75d00f8bde0825356ec5533c0.png Dallas King https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9e0913e1541e50871ddd3c59f560aa29f35950c5071a10e04a0b71e1f539d4e6.jpg MJ It should be illegal (but it is not nor will ever be) and Google should do something about it? The only thing they can do and should do is allow owners to change the activation phase or enable Trusted Voice on the Android Home. David Brideau LOLLLLL! mondeca Thank goodness I always fast-forward through commercials. deprofeet Brilliant... mondeca Of course this triggered an edit war on the Wikipedia page for the Whopper. JD Soon all commercials will just be "Ok Google, tell me about x" Syukri Lajin should we blame them? or Google's suck-ass voice recognition? ilovetesla turning on trusted voice is the only way out of this issue but AP says home doesnt support trusted voice Biff Wonsley Another way is to let us change the Google in OK Google to Jarvis, Beavis, Nadine, whatever. Google deserves this for not letting us customize. ilovetesla saying OK Google sucks, custom trigger voices must be made zurcaled11 This is an evolution of the Google Home Beauty and the Beast ad. Google definitely is in on it. And unfortunately it makes me want the Google Home less. demarcmj Google was not "in on it" (per the source article) But I agree stuff like this only makes me less interested in a Google Home (even though my interest level was very low to begin with). zurcaled11 You are right, the update to the article definitely makes it clear Google was not OK with it. If you want ads pushed through Google Home, you apparently have to go through Google! demarcmj Very interesting. They moved pretty fast on that. Andy J As they should of, this ad was harmless - but the next one - might not be. And as people often leave the room during adverts - a lot of people wouldn't necessarily be there to witness it adding a calendar entry or adding something to a shopping list - or further into the future - record "exciting new program" on Thursday. John Samuel αΩ It was only a matter of time. Michael Crider Quarter-pound beef patty, lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, mayo, ketchup, sesame seed bun. Bullshit you can't tell me that in 15 seconds. ilovetesla laziness at its best Brandon David Obert Isn't that a Big.... You know what never mind ilovetesla r u the real Michael Crider Michael Crider No, I kidnapped him and put him in a well in my basement and now I'm wearing his skin. ilovetesla i knew it...calling 108 ....wait ...i cant do it accessing ur disqus profile throws a 404 paxmos OK Google, what happened to Michael Crider? Carson Saldanha Nope, he's an imposter using polyjuice potion ilovetesla why dot you have the AP staff badge near your disqus name your companions artem and jeff has them Michael Crider I don't work here anymore. ilovetesla nnnnnnooooooo.....i didnt know that man........ roberto.elena Don't ex-cops get ex-cops' badges? Michael Crider I wish I could customize them but Disqus only lets one site have one badge. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Wow man..just like that? No farewell post nothing? You sir were one of my fav AP writers, even when you clearly had a different political alignment (like that matters...or does it?). Anyways all the best for your future endeavours. P.S. I would just like to take this opportunity while I can to express my sincere apologies for a reply I once posted under an article of yours covering the FBI app for most wanted criminals. I kinda photoshopped your profile pic and name in the screenshot for the app just for fun.. It got deleted instantly making me realise that maybe I shouldn't have(?) But I assure you it was just for fun, no disrespect intended. Well, so long. Powsniffer0110 He had a farewell article I thought. Jay Burger King's face right now. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a81da022eefe3eb5833231aa2593041d2bc8f33bbecb98f3e2dcba6e83e2d85d.jpg DJ SPY Haha this is pretty funny. Is it too much to ask for you guys to have a sense of humor? Why call it stupid? JSo It activates my phone but it tells me it can't recognize my voice. So they didn't get a search from me. Orlando aka Pixel XL Burger King use to be decent.... Syukri Lajin Oh look. an update. Whataburger must be enjoying those free advertising it's getting now. ROFL. this got me thinking, will they keep breaking the search results until it stops promoting a company? or will they actually fix it? lol Matt74UK Stupid? I think that was a rather amusing idea. I prefer the Big King to the Whopper though. mark555055d hmm, now the guy in the commercial can no longer use his Google home. :) Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Nah, all he needs is a helium balloon.. Ryan If only Google had allowed us to define our own activation phrases. NunjaBusiness I have been asking for that ever since the first iteration. I want so badly to say to my phone: "Bitch, what is the weather going to be tomorrow?" Adam Margeson I think that, if not for Trusted Voice, you would end up activating several people's devices given that were an option. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yet another reason why I'm glad I don't have Google Home or "Ok Google" enabled on my phone. Now, if he says "Alexa wikipedia whopper burger" next time, then I'd be in trouble. Тарас Мукин Well, the idea of putting "OK Google" in the commercial was pretty obvious. And to be honest — this is a really good execution. Clear and simple. I understand that it pisses people off, and I think I would be pissed too, but this is a good ad — executed good and works good (well, at leas worked until Google stepped in) Leahelm Thank goodness Google stepped up, hope BK and everyone else learns stuff like this is obnoxious. tim242 Google Home is obnoxious... Leahelm Lucky for you then you don't have to buy one Nogib Random aside: how is it that Amazon's TV ads don't trigger my Echo when they say "Alexa"? MisterAlex Amazon controls bot their own commercials and the back-end for Alexa search... so I'm guessing they make sure to put in exceptions to prevent talking to themselves. Sir_Brizz This, plus there are a few tricks that you can use to avoid this like checking for a specific background tone. Leonardo Baez Is a shit$# move from burger king.... But genius one as well. JD NO ONE CAN ADVERTISE IN CHEEKY FASHION EXCEPT US! - Google. Francois Roy Believe it or not, those Google bad foks disabled the command in Assistant, but NOT in OG Google Now!! XD Mike Miller The case could be made that this is already illegal and Burger King broke the law. Technically, it is an intentional and unauthorized use of someone else's personal device. I mean, it would be a ridiculous case, but the case could be made. MisterAlex Nah. You consent to too much "okay, I'm letting this thing listen to the world" fine print for that to ever hold water. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Burger King burgers are terrible. saimin Who is more evil? Burger King or Pepsi or United Airlines or Sean Spicer? tim242 United Airlines, Google, Sean Spicer, Pepsi...in that order. Notice, I added one and subtracted one. Max Johnson Out of all of those, I would say the diabetes inducing brand. Marcelove I don't usually call people bad names, but this article has a level of stupidity that is impossible to avoid: Corbin, do you only sucks Google's dick or you allow him to put in your ass too? It is Google's responsability that the device is being triggered by the commercial... So stop being a pussy trying to blame Burger King instead your boss (Google's ads paying AP). Following your thoughts, if you install Philip's lights at home and let Google Home control it, and a commercial is launched on tv about the lights, showing how it works , where a actor says the commands, making the lights at your home be changed, it is the maker of the ad responsible for this situation, and not Google... Typical case of someone trying to "blame the others", instead of blaming the real responsible for something that you don't like because the real responsible has some relation with you... Sir_Brizz WTFH? Of course it would be the ad maker's fault in your example. The ad creator acted in bad faith. I personally know I could probably activate all kinds of smart home commands through a TV commercial including turning on/off sprinklers, locking/unlocking doors, turning on/off lights, fireplaces, opening garages, etc. I don't do that because it would damage my reputation and brand to act in bad faith in that way. That's also why this commercial is so stupid. What does it do other than damage Burger King's reputation and brand? There is probably a higher than average chance that people who own devices this would activate already know what a "Whopper burger" is so it doesn't increase brand awareness. Best case scenario, you mildly piss people off. Not a great best case. Honestly, why would you even start to blame Google for this? They could do the same thing with Alexa or anything else. Makes you wonder why they specifically targeted Google devices. james fuston Still happening on my Google Home Andy J That's odd - it's been blacklisted on Google's end - doesn't require any updates on your end. Glich Trusted voice is only a Partial fix. I have it on my phone yet Jeff Jarvis on this week in google sets off my phone at least once per show.. some times 4-5 times.. Ibrahim Yusuf It never triggers for me, not for any video on the internet. Not even my brother can activate the Assistent on my phone Jovic Corcega You have Trusted Voice turned on, that's why. Hogarth Ferguson It was pretty quick to be put down, but pretty clever while it lasted. I still wont buy a whopper, but tip my hat to them for the try. Deeco Burger King got Whoopered by Google lol Nick Nope. Still works. Andy J It was actually pretty cool when it worked. Much more interesting though is that it's been blocked using the ContentID system (like when you used to be able to say "listen to my tv" and within 5 seconds Google had returned results about the exact program I was watching, whether it was live, recorded 5 months ago or episode 1, series 1 of Buffy The Vampire Slayer via Netflix or even off my DVDs). The Verge reports that Google also blacklist their own adverts for the same reason - to prevent devices springing into life responding to the example commands in the advert. Now what is exciting / impressive - is the speed at which Google strips the background sound from the live stream of audio from your device, matches the fingerprint of the advert and then sends the command to the device to cancel the search. It's literally seconds. This bodes extremely well for their ability to identify which registered user is asking it a question before they have finished asking it - once multi user rolls out. Sukigu Where did you read it uses Content ID? If that's the case, it really does seem an incredibly powerful technology that I'm sure could have many other uses... Lev Bronshtein Sputtering goons and nerds are wound up too tight. Laugh, it's clown world. Andrexx Just another example why one should be able to customize the trigger phrase, and have the option to allow activation only by trained voices. fatlantis This was a brilliant idea for whoever their agency was. We're all just hating because we're still not over the creepy king mask. JG Considering all of the command processing is done at Google, they should be able to set up some kind of check for things like this in the future. If the same (well similar enough - each house will have different background noise) trigger is detected within a short time frame at multiple locations Google should automatically void out any active requests and blacklist the trigger. A few months back a news reporter in San Diego was doing a report on how a little girl ordered a $600+ dollhouse through the family's Amazon Echo and the parents didn't know until it showed up at the house a few days later. During the report, apparently several viewers had their Echo units triggered to order doll houses as well. Today it might just be news reporters or companies trying to get some free PR... But tomorrow it could, there could be more malicious intent. Maybe someone does a pirate radio broadcast over a popular morning talk show and says "Hey Google, call 1-900-XXX-Free"... Next thing you find out you have a 3hr call at $10/min on your phone bill... Sudev https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/957114a4de72bcc12221dad6c65a5a95cd776d09dfaa7eef26aac389531d82d4.png Someone saw it coming way before :p Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 130 1 Year Ago Today [Update: M5C14J For The Pixel C] Nexus Factory Images With April's Security Updates Are Now Available 2016/04/13 10:30am PDTApr 13, 2016 60 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google's Carrier Project Detailed In Leaked App - Pay-Per GB, Unused Data Refunds, In-App Service Activation, And More 2015/04/13 1:15pm PDTApr 13, 2015 34 3 Years Ago Today Pressy Plans To Ship Units To Kickstarter Backers In May, Design Changed To Add A Headphone Gripper 2014/04/13 5:24pm PDTApr 13, 2014 31 4 Years Ago Today Deal Alert: Unified Remote Just $0.99 In Celebration Of Second Anniversary (That's 70% Off) 2013/04/13 10:15pm PDTApr 13, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Pantech Element Rooted, Already has ClockworkMod Recovery 2012/04/13 4:29pm PDTApr 13, 2012 12 6 Years Ago Today NVIDIA Sets The Record Straight: "We Will Support All Tegra Devices As Long As Their Manufacturers Do" 2011/04/13 6:29pm PDTApr 13, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Motorola Releases Official Android Update Timeline 2010/04/13 9:09pm PDTApr 13, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 100 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 33 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.461s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
News New Music Culture Features Lists The Archives Share < br />this article: Culture \ People Are Expertly Trolling the Whopper Wikipedia Page Over This Dystopian Burger King Ad Andy Cush // April 12, 2017 Share < br />this article: This week, Burger King is planning to unveil a new TV spot that’s supposed to come off as cheeky and knowing but is actually deeply depressing. “You’re watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all of the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich. But I’ve got an idea,” the narrator says with a conspiratorial smirk, standing behind the counter at the burger chain. “OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?” That’s it. If you’re an Android user, you know what happens next. “OK Google” is the phrase used to summon the Siri-style voice command service on Google products. If the ad works like it’s supposed to, viewers with phones or Google Home devices situated close to their TVs will then be subjected to a pedantic lectures about fast food hamburgers from their very own gadgets. You might remember a news story from a few months ago about San Diego residents whose Amazon Alexas were accidentally ordered to purchase dollhouses after a local news story about the device, but as the Verge notes, this probably marks the first time a major advertiser has intentionally tried to talk to your voice-activated gadgets through the TV. Google Home owners might get a chuckle out of the ad at first, but it’s hard to imagine they won’t feel at least a little frustrated with the ploy after the third or forth time they hear their robot assistants rambling about pickles and 100% ground beef. The ad also carries another risk: When you ask a Google Home to tell you what something is, it defaults to reading from the Wikipedia entry, which is editable by anyone with an internet connection. Burger King knows this, too, and the Verge noticed that brand likely tried to use Wikipedia to its own advantage. Last week, before the ad was announced, the opening of the Whopper article was changed from this suitably impassive sentence: “The Whopper sandwich is the signature hamburger product sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain Burger King and its Australian franchise Hungry Jack’s.” To this sizzling bit of copy: “The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100 percent beef with no preservatives or fillers, topped with sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce, pickles, ketchup, and mayonnaise, served on a sesame-seed bun.” The user who made the change has the handle Fermachado123–the same username that Burger King marketing executive Fernando Machado uses on social media. But fast-food bigwigs aren’t the only people with access to Wikipedia. This afternoon, after stories about the ad broke, an editor protected the Whopper article from further changes without approval, citing “persistent disruptive editing.” In other words, trolls were changing the article in hopes that Google Home could be tricked into reading their altered versions of the article instead. We’ve cataloged a few of those edits below. Things started out subtly. First, a user working from an anonymous IP address changed Machado’s “The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100% beef” line to “consisting of a flame-grilled cow made with 10% beef.” After that, a helpful editor reverted the copy back to its original, pre-Machado state, writing that he or she was “removing marketing designed to run with an upcoming smart-home device hijacking advertisement.” A second editor pitched in to help “eradicate self-promotion,” changing a line that identified the Whopper as the “signature” hamburger of Burger King to read that it is the restaurant’s “worst” burger instead. Shortly after, yet another anonymous editor identified the Whopper as Burger King’s “cancer-causing” burger. After some back-and-forth about whether or not the Whopper is in fact carcinogenic, another anonymous editor added some short commentary of his or her own: “Introduced in 1957, it has undergone several reformulations including resizing and bread changes, yet it remains far inferior to the Big Mac.” Another editor imported some copy from the Wiki article about the other Whopper: “Whoppers are malted milk balls covered with artificial “chocolatey coating” produced by The Hershey Company.” From there, another editor wrote that the Whopper is “a juicy 100 percent rat meat and toenail clipping hamburger product.” Finally, an editor named “The ed17″ marked the article as protected, meaning that users must obtain approval before making edits. A few curious edits popped up yesterday, just before the ad was announced, claiming the Whopper is made from a “medium-sized child” and topped with cyanide, but other than that, all of the trolling happened within the span of an hour or so this afternoon. Let’s hope at least one Google Home owner watched the commercial during that time.   Andy Cush Tags: Advertising, Burger King, Google, technology, Wikipedia 0 Recommended for you \ Teens Think Google Is the Coolest Brand, According to a Suspect Survey Conducted by Google This Commercial About Lubing Your Eyes With Visine to Watch More Hulu Is the Bleakest Thing I’ve Ever Seen Nearly 100 Companies, Including Apple and Uber, Speak Out Against Trump’s Travel Ban in New Court Brief Apple’s Wireless AirPods Are Now Available to Order Boiler Room Is Opening a Virtual Reality Music Venue in London Cheetos Chicken Fries™ Are America’s Bland, Corporate Future Reviews \ Read More » Review: You Know Exactly What The Chainsmokers’ Memories…Do Not Open Sounds Like Review: Joey Bada$$ Figures Himself Out on All-Amerikkkan Bada$$ Review: The Chemical Brothers – Dig Your Own Hole Review: Arca’s Self-Titled Album Is His Most Engaging, Emotionally Draining, and Confrontational Record Yet Bull Sessions. Sign up for the SPIN newsletter and stay in the know. Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Submit Editor's Picks The 96 Best Alternative Rock Songs of 1996 The Unbelievable Story of the Most Expensive Record Ever Sold on Discogs These Will Be the Years: The 100 Greatest EDM Anthems of the '10s NEWS NEW MUSIC CULTURE FEATURES LISTS THE ARCHIVES CONTACT US SPIN.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. About Spin Privacy Policy Copyright Billboard | The Hollywood Reporter | SPIN | VIBE | deathandtaxesmag | Stereogum
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYLast 2 Days Before Prices Increase For Disrupt NY Get Your Tickets Today Hardware BlackBerry’s stock had a great day after the company won a big dispute with Qualcomm Don’t run commercials designed to trigger smart assistants Microsoft is holding a big education event in New York on May 2 Browse more... kurger bing Don’t run commercials designed to trigger smart assistants Browse more... google home Don’t run commercials designed to trigger smart assistants Google Home adds support for Logitech Harmony, August locks and more Google’s Amazon Echo competitor and wifi router launching in UK on April 6 Browse more... Burger King Your Edgy Startup Idea Is Stupid With McD’s Using Apple Pay, PayPal Scoops Up Burger King For Fast Mobile Sales The real life Burger King Windows 7 Whopper is a disgusting joke to humanity Browse more... Google Home has stopped answering to that annoying Burger King ad Posted 10 hours ago by Brian Heater (@bheater) 0 SHARES Next Story Giveaway: Enter to win a trip to Disrupt NY 2017 The internet barely had time to be annoyed for that new 15 second Burger King ad before Google shut the whole thing down. A little over two hours after the fast food giant took the wraps off of a TV spot designed to trigger smart assistants across the country, the functionality no longer works. We’ve reached out to Google for confirmation of the action, which was likely just a quick fix on the server side designed to block a specific waveform, perhaps leveraging similar functionality to block out its own ads. Meantime, we’ve tried in out on a Home unit we have around the office and can confirm that the commercial no longer has the intended effect. Interestingly, it’s not the specific function, just the voice from the ad. Asking Home what a “Whopper sandwich” is in your own voice (like a Big Mac, but smaller) will bring up the Wikipedia entry as initially intended. For Google, the fix is likely akin to patching a security flaw (though here it’s more about annoyance than any real security threat). As we confirmed earlier, Google played no role in the ad – and likely wants to stay out of the fray as much as possible following recent annoyance around its decision to use the device to play commercials for the new Beauty and the Beast film. The Whopper Wikipedia page is about ten seconds from getting locked by editors. https://t.co/vIhZphOAsv pic.twitter.com/L165XCMYDZ — Brian Heater (@bheater) April 12, 2017 Wikipedia, meanwhile, has yet to put the Whopper page accessed therein under lockdown, but its edit page shows a war of updates, libelously accusing the burger of containing everything from rats and toenail clippings to people. The page also now contains references to the controversy itself and subsequent Wikipedia editing, because the internet is a snake that perpetually eats its own tail. Or maybe a rat that eats toenail clippings. Hard to know for sure. Burger King surely knew what it was getting itself in for here, as the company allegedly edited the Wikipedia entry prior to the ad’s less than stellar debut earlier today. On the upside, the company has been through worse. And hell, this is like the 17th worst PR disaster of the week so far, and it’s only Wednesday. Makes you long for the good old days of March when fast food PR meant ordering pizza from your shoes. Next time just buy the full 30 second spot and leave our connected home out of it. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Burger King Founded 1954 Overview Burger King is a global chain of hamburger fast food restaurants. It operates in over 13,000 locations serving more than 11 million guests daily in 98 countries and territories worldwide. Burger King was founded in 1954 and is headquartered in Miami, Florida. Location Miami, FL Categories Restaurants, Hospitality Website http://www.bk.com Full profile for Burger King Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Boomerang Joins The Subscription Games | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes kurger bing google home Burger King Hardware Popular Posts Featured Stories Boomerang Joins The Subscription Games | Crunch Report VIDEO | 4:35 | Crunch Report Get up close and personal with Boeing’s svelte new spacesuit 9 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Accenture, can I ask you a few questions? 12 hours ago | Jonathan Shieber Justin Kan’s new startup Atrium is raising $10 million to disrupt the legal industry 12 hours ago | Ryan Lawler Don’t run commercials designed to trigger smart assistants 14 hours ago | Brian Heater Latest From TechCrunch Uber reportedly tracked Lyft drivers using a secret software program named ‘Hell’ 1 hour ago | Catherine Shu Elmodis raises a $4.9M round to find the soul of a new machine 3 hours ago | John Biggs A radio signal hack is what made those Dallas warning sirens go nuts 3 hours ago | Taylor Hatmaker Crunch Report | Boomerang Joins The Subscription Games 4 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Comment moderation powered by Up Next Giveaway: Enter to win a trip to Disrupt NY 2017 Posted 11 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Software Engineer in Test @ ThoughtSpot at ThoughtSpot (San Francisco, CA, United States) Engineering Program Manager @ Brava Home at Brava Home (San Francisco, CA, United States) Global Supply Manager @ Brava Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Backend Java Engineer @ Returnly at Returnly (Larkspur, California 94939, United States) Senior Frontend Engineer @ Onfleet at Onfleet (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Uber reportedly tracked Lyft drivers using a secret software program named ‘Hell’ 1 hour ago by Catherine Shu Elmodis raises a $4.9M round to find the soul of a new machine 3 hours ago by John Biggs A radio signal hack is what made those Dallas warning sirens go nuts 3 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Crunch Report | Boomerang Joins The Subscription Games 4 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Apple might have a secret team working on glucose sensor technology for diabetes 4 hours ago by Sarah Buhr In Portland, Uber launches initiative to add electric vehicles to its fleet 6 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Yext is set to raise $115.5M in its IPO after final pricing 7 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Nintendo reveals Joy-Con battery grips and new color, standalone Switch dock 7 hours ago by Darrell Etherington BlackBerry’s stock had a great day after the company won a big dispute with Qualcomm 8 hours ago by Brian Heater Let’s meet in Longmont, Colorado next week 8 hours ago by John Biggs
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 13, 2:52 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology 6 Times The TV Set Off Google Home, Siri, Amazon Echo By Nina Godlewski @NinaGodlewski On 04/12/17 AT 4:41 PM Close Burger King released a new ad on Wednesday that intentionally sets off Google Home assistants. The man in the commercial is holding a the fast food chain's signature Whopper while explaining that 15 seconds just isn't enough time to describe the sandwich.  He then says "But I've got an idea," and when the camera gets closer he declares, "Ok Google, what is the Whopper Burger?" Cue Google Home assistants everywhere spewing information about Whoppers. The ad is an innovative way to make a lasting impression on possible customers, even if it does have the potential to annoy them.  Burger King was likely inspired by all the times commercials and TV shows have accidentally set off home assistants.  Like this time the Cookie Monster was doing an ad for Apple and ended up setting timers on unsuspecting iPhone owner's phones. He says, "Hey Siri, set time for 14 minutes," and then "Hey Siri, play me waiting playlist," and later "Hey Siri, check the timer." Or this AT&T commercial, where a man asks "Hey Siri, what's AT&T's latest offer?" The there was this Pixel commercial, where a Pixel user says "Ok Google, show me Korean restaurants in Boulder." One Google Home owner from Florida said the commercial would set off his device every time it came on TV. And this Google Home commercial that aired during the Super Bowl and caused some Home devices to go on the fritz because the phrase "Ok Google..." is said so many times.  And maybe the funniest of all, when Alexa accidentally ordered a small girl a dollhouse and four pounds of cookies, it made the news, then the news broadcast accidentally triggered reactions from devices in the homes of those watching the broadcast. At the end of the broadcast about the story, the anchor says, "I love the little girl's take on it, 'Alexa ordered me a doll house.'" Luckily, settings can usually prevent rogue purchases like this from happening. But for now the technology is still so new that it may continue to respond when it hears its name. Related Stories Amazon Echo Goes Silent On CIA Question Amazon To Release Echo Recordings That May Be Evidence In Murder Case Google Home Vulnerable To Fake News Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business The History Behind The Cap On How Much Airlines Can Pay Passengers Who Get Bumped There's a limit on how much airlines can compensate passengers involuntarily removed from their seats, and the industry has played a role in the determination of that cap. Technology VR Version Of Google Earth Coming Soon? The tech giant has sent out invites saying "join us for the unveiling of the new Google Earth." World New 'Image' Reveals Dark Matter Bridge A team of astronomers has succeeded in taking a composite “image” that they say shows dark matter filaments connecting galaxies. National 2 Chicago Men Arrested For Supporting ISIS The men Joseph D. Jones and Edward Schimenti also pledged their alliance to the militant group, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office in Illinois. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Jobs Cars Homes Directory Place your Ad Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Scotsman Search More Close ] Future Scotland Tech Innovators Big Ideas Regions Inverness, Highlands & Islands Aberdeen & North East Dundee & Tayside Glasgow & Strathclyde Edinburgh, Fife & Lothians Dumfries & Borders News Politics Transport Education Environment Health UK World Odd Celebrity Friends of The Scotsman Obituaries Sport Football Rugby Union Tennis Golf Cricket Athletics Boxing Horse Racing Cycling Motorsport Snooker Hockey Business Companies Markets and Economy Management Lifestyle Gadgets & Gaming Culture Travel Health & Wellbeing Family Personal Finance Homes & Gardens Outdoors Cars Heritage People & Places Historic Events More Heritage 200 Voices We Know Scotland Future Scotland Innovators Big Ideas Giving Back Charities Business in Action Heroes Burger King Google Home advert stunt backfires badly Burger King's advert was hijacked by pranksters 21:29 Wednesday 12 April 2017 0 Have your say Burger King’s latest advertising stunt is resulting in some less-than-flattering descriptions of its Whopper sandwich. The hamburger chain unveiled a 15-second ad Wednesday designed to trigger Google Home devices into reciting the definition of a Whopper, pulled from the website Wikipedia. The advert features someone in a Burger King uniform leaning into the camera before saying, “OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?” For anyone with a Google Home device near their TV, that request will prompt the speaker to begin reading the Wikipedia entry for the Whopper. But, as every tech head knows, the Wikipedia website can be edited by users, and the definition had been changed to insert “cyanide” as an ingredient in one mischievous version. Another user later changed the definition to say the Whopper is “the worst hamburger product” sold by the chain. Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International, says it is not behind the negative edits and that it has been trying to change the definition back to one that it was hoping to promote. As of late Wednesday afternoon, the Wikipedia entry included a lengthy description that said the burger “has undergone several reformulations including resizing and bread changes.” It also noted that the Whopper is often “at the centre of advertising promotions, product tie-ins, and even corporate practical jokes and hoaxes.” The ad was expected to run nationally in the US on Wednesday night on networks including Comedy Central, MTV and Bravo. Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with The Scotsman means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to The Scotsman You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to The Scotsman Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Follow Us On Explore News Sport Business Lifestyle Food and Drink 200 Voices Heritage We Know Scotland Future Scotland More from The Scotsman Announcements Buy a Photo Directory Digital Archive Jobs Homes Cars Calendars Conferences Dating Local Guide Public Notices Supplements Useful Links Contact Us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Advertising Place your Ad Subscribe Edinburgh Evening News © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot April 13, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Industry  >   How can marketers optimize for Google's new "similar items" feature? How can marketers optimize for Google’s new “similar items” feature? Industry News 12 Apr 17 | Clark Boyd Facebook0 Linkedin17 Google+1 Twitter 18 Google has announced that “Similar items” is now available globally in image search on mobile and in its Android app. Similar items will suggest related products based on a user’s search query and their interactions with the resultant images. At first, the feature will only be available for shoes, sunglasses, and handbags. Google does, however, expect to roll this out across a much wider set of products this year, starting with furniture, homeware, and potentially some other apparel categories. What does this mean for marketers? Retailers of all stripes should keep a very close eye on this and start thinking about how to optimize for Similar items. One essential step is to add Products Schema to any items you want to be eligible for this feature. Google provides some clear guidelines on this; but as a summary, the following elements should be tagged: There is also the option to opt out of this altogether, should you wish to avoid having your images show up in Similar items. Aside from these essential technical details, optimizing for Similar items does bring with it new questions for marketers. Links between products can be based on their shape, style, color, or any one of a number of factors, as we can see in this diagram from TechCrunch outlining how the technology functions at a very high level: Although not typically the domain of search marketing, we will need to be involved with the selection of imagery for client websites to maximize the opportunity to appear in these new results. From a pay-per-click perspective, this is a product ripe for monetization. Tellingly, Google ended its announcement of the new feature with: “We’re excited to help users find your products on the web by showcasing buyable items. Thanks for partnering with us to make the web more shoppable!” The long-term aim will, quite clearly, be to offer new targeting options to advertisers based on other items their current or prospective customers have perused. As such, we should certainly expect a raft of new advertising options this year from Google. Pinterest has launched a (thus far) tentative foray into this market in tandem with Kenshoo, so Google will want to nip any progress in the bud on that front. Google’s take on the launch Google made the following statement as part of their announcement: “The “Similar items” feature is designed to help users find products they love in photos that inspire them on Google Image Search. Using machine vision technology, the Similar items feature identifies products in lifestyle images and displays matching products to the user.” Haven’t we heard something like this before? A “Similar item to this” feature already exists over on Pinterest. We have written extensively in the past about Pinterest’s suite of visual discovery tools, most notably the new Lens tool, which allows Pinners to point-and-shoot with a smartphone camera. Pinterest then deciphers the image and suggests complementary items. That does distinguish it from Google’s offering, but perhaps only temporarily. We can infer from a patent review on SEO by the Sea that Google has something very similar in production. Of additional note within the Google statement above, from a business strategy perspective, is the use of the verb ‘inspire’, which has been a hallmark of Pinterest’s public communications over the past few months. There can be little doubt that Google is positioning itself to nudge Pinterest further to the fringes if it can. A similar item (belonging to a more direct competitor) also exists on Amazon’s mobile app, powered by their FireFly technology. Amazon’s app allows shoppers to search via images, with the e-commerce giant using this data to provide further shopping recommendations. We know that online shoppers are increasingly going to Amazon first, a trend that Google will be unlikely to tolerate without putting up a fight. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin17 Google+1 Twitter 18 Related articles Google launches Fact Check in search results worldwide Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week “Ubiquitous and seamless”: The future of voice search 5 easy ways to launch a local email marketing strategy So is Google a little late to the party? Probably not. Google still holds two very distinct advantages in this arena: a huge user base, and an intuitive, integrated, proven suite of advertising products. Pinterest has yet to crack either of these, and it should be noted that they also cater to very different demographics in very different states of mind. Amazon continues to go from strength to strength and is diversifying its portfolio of products is evermore interesting ways, but its paid advertising offering is not yet equipped to take on AdWords. It has been known for quite some time that Google has been working tirelessly on its machine learning-based image search technology. Problems that a sentient being can deal with rather intuitively (distinguishing a sneaker from a loafer, for example) have historically been close to insoluble for machines. Things have progressed markedly in the last decade, but issues still linger with machine vision technology. This helps to explain why so many other Google products have been launched before this one. It is not because of its lack of importance, but rather the converse; Google is keen to get this one right, as it is a hitherto untapped revenue stream. In summary Ours is a visual culture largely mediated by images, so this is a natural step for any search engine or social network. There is not necessarily a cap on the amount of suggested products that can be provided either, so long as there is an ongoing increase in image-based searches. We may see a decline in traditional text-based searches as this e-commerce mechanism takes hold, however, and that will require Google and its advertisers to change their way of working. This is not the finished product from Google, of that we can be certain. Through the rest of this year, we should expect improvements in the technology, accompanied by a slew of new advertising options. If it wasn’t already, image search should be one of our core considerations for any search strategy. Clark Boyd is VP Strategy at Croud, a global digital performance agency, and a contributor to Search Engine Watch. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading Google Chrome SSL certificate proposal could affect millions of websites Millions of websites that use SSL certificates issued by Symantec and affiliated resellers could find that their certificates are effectively worthless as far as Chrome is concerned, after a member of the Chrome team published a proposal that would make them untrusted over the next 12 months. Industry News 31 Mar 17 | Al Roberts Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week This week, the Google SERP has got a bit more interactive with the addition of rich results for podcasts, Google has launched a new website for its open-source projects, and Google and Baidu have teamed up to bring faster mobile web pages to a wider user base. Industry News 31 Mar 17 | Rebecca Sentance Study: Why do marketers still struggle with innovative search tactics? A new study commissioned by Microsoft's Bing and search agency Catalyst may have some light to shed onto why many marketers aren’t realizing the full potential of search. Industry SEO 30 Mar 17 | Rebecca Sentance Google adds rich results for podcasts to SERPs On its Developers blog, Google stealthily launched some new guidelines for structured data to bring rich results for podcasts to search results. What does it look like, and how can you get your podcasts indexed? Industry SEO 30 Mar 17 | Clark Boyd Tags ecommerce | Image Search | Pinterest | Pinterest lens | Similar Images | Visual search Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/04/12/how-can-marketers-optimize-for-googles-new-similar-items-feature/ Send × Want to stay on top of search trends? Get top insights and news from our search expertsDelivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Burger King tried to hijack the Google Home with new Whopper ad Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | April 12, 2017 0 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Google Home owners, your smart speaker was nearly hijacked today by an ad.  Burger King today released a new ad that’s meant to get Google Home to tell you about the Whopper, the company’s signature burger. In the 15-second ad, the employee says that he doesn’t have enough time to tell you about the Whopper, and so he leans into the camera and says “Ok Google, what is the Whopper burger?” This phrase is meant to get Google Home to read off the first sentence of the Whopper’s entry on Wikipedia. Interestingly, it looks like Burger King edited that entry to get it to include the Whopper’s ingredient list. It previously read “The Whopper sandwich is the signature hamburger product sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain Burger King and its Australian franchise Hungry Jack’s," but BK edited the entry to name off the Whopper's ingredients. At the time of publication, though, the entry appears to have been changed back. As noted by The Verge, that sentence began the Whopper’s entry on Wikipedia until last week, when it was edited by a person that appears to be Burger King’s Head of Brand Marketing, Fernando Machado. Google disabled the voice command for Burger King's commercial (it previously worked) pic.twitter.com/xDWF4wDS1Z — Niv Dror (@Nivo0o0) April 12, 2017 The good news for Google Home owners is that it looks like Google has disabled the phrase “Ok Google, what is the Whopper burger?” from this ad. As you can see in the video above, the Google Home lights up when it hears “Ok Google”, but then doesn’t respond when the rest of the phrase is uttered in the ad. This ad from Burger King is pretty clever, with the company using a brief TV spot to briefly take over Google Home units and continue the Whopper ad. However, lots of Google Home owners probably wouldn’t take kindly to their device being hijacked by BK, which is likely why Google killed it. Burger King still got some press for its ad, though, so it’s probably not too heartbroken about it no longer working as intended. Via:  The Verge Source:  Burger King (YouTube) Android Google Previous ArticleMoto Z2 reportedly shown off in new image leak Next ArticleGoogle Home can track flight prices for you Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Moto Z2 reportedly shown off in new image leak View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A30 Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel GO FLIP Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung ANS H450R Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Avail Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG G6 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K20 plus LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG Phoenix 3 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Risio LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spree LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Stylo 3 LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Polaroid A4 Polaroid A5 Polaroid A6 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 6GB AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Unlimited AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited AT&T Unlimited Choice AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Plus AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $11 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $125 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $13 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Prepaid T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 2GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 6GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data $50 TeltikOne Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus International Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Mobile Caring TPO Mobile Gentle TPO Mobile Hero TPO Mobile Infinity TPO Mobile Kind TPO Mobile Noble TPO Mobile North America TPO Mobile People's TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 1000 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 500 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby Unlimited Talk and Text U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB334MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB834MB900MB938MB2083MB1250MB1667MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Apple iPad (2017) Unboxing and First Look Beau Hamilton 1 week 8 hours ago 4 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 2 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Impressions! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 4 hours ago 1 shares 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Samsung Galaxy S8 Impressions! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 7 hours ago 8 shares 2 5 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 (RED) iPhone: Should you buy or donate? Marco Hanna 2 weeks 3 days ago 12 shares 4 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG V20 4 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 3 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 2 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: One Year Later 9 shares 2 5 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 Android 7.0 Nougat on OnePlus 3T 10 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 2 2 1 Best Tech of January 2017! 13 shares 10 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG V20 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ AT&T adding free HBO to its Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ US Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Samsung Gear S3 Classic with 4G AT&T GoPhone unlimited data AT&T announces LG G6 launch Sprint News Sprint LG G6 will be 50 percent Sprint launching new Unlimited Sprint reportedly ending half-off Cell Phone Deals April 2017 Digest Sprint announces Galaxy S8 launch Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Sprint Direct 2 You phone setup T-Mobile News ZTE Quartz official, sub-$200 T-Mobile LG G6 buyers can get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive now includes T-Mobile Onesie is a high-tech, Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ US T-Mobile launches a trio of new T-Mobile adds AppleCare to JUMP! Verizon Wireless Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ Cell Phone Deals April 2017 Digest Verizon to test new AppFlash Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ US Verizon HTC 10 receiving Android Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Samsung Gear S3 Classic with 4G PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google's AutoDraw: A future feature for messaging? Opinion Anna Scantlin Contributing Editor | April 12, 2017 0 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               It wasn’t that long ago that Google came out with an interesting AI experiment called “Quick, Draw!” where users were prompted with an object to draw, and Google’s AI would attempt to figure out what was being drawn in the 20 seconds users had to scribble the object. According to the Quick Draw web page, the purpose of the exercise is to add drawings “to the world’s largest doodle data set, which could be shared publicly to help with machine learning research in the future”. Using the same technology that figures out what you’re trying to draw, Google has come up with a new AI experiment called AutoDraw. If you’ve ever aspired to be an artist but lacked the creativity and/or skill to do so, then AutoDraw might just be the next best thing. Even if you’re someone who is actually good at drawing, drawing with your finger on a smartphone can prove to be a challenging task. Not with AutoDraw, though. AutoDraw takes your talentless scribbles and transforms it into a coherent image. For example, here’s a dragon I drew, which AutoDraw recognized and replaced with a much better image: Also, a cat: And miraculously, this amorphous blob that was supposed to be a duck: AutoDraw really only works with simpler designs, such as animals or specific objects rather than actions being performed, although some actions appear to be options. I tried to draw a person disco dancing, which prompted AutoDraw to pop up with yoga poses, which is practically the same thing. Unsurprisingly, it also can’t detect something as detailed as specific people, although that didn’t stop me from trying. I drew this amazing rendition of Michael Jackson from the cover of his Bad album. While AutoDraw didn’t have any Michael Jackson alternatives, I did get a couple of people vectors and one BADger. A coincidence? I don’t think so. (Well actually, probably yes, and I think it's actually a raccoon.) For now, AutoDraw only exists as a web app, which you can access from your computer or your smartphone browser. However, I’m inclined to think that this technology will one day make it to smartphones. Many messaging apps already have recognition for handwritten words, so it would make sense to have something similar for images as well, especially considering the popularity of emojis. AutoDraw seems to be pretty good at interpreting  crude shapes into something recognizable. Given the amount of memes that features like autocorrect has given us over the past several years, I can only imagine what something like AutoDraw could do for us in the future. It also might give Allo a boost. Assuming that other important features like SMS and desktop support are implemented, something like AutoDraw could give Allo a unique angle. AutoDraw is just a fun way to pass the time using the web right now, but it would be more fun when you can directly message these creations to other people. It brings me back to the brief fad where Draw Something was a popular game to play. Of course, the novelty in that game was that the drawings were often so bad they were funny. No drawing can be bad with AutoDraw. Still, it’s a fun concept, and I think would make a great addition for messaging apps in the future. Readers, have you tried Google’s “Quick, Draw!” or “AutoDraw” programs yet? What are your thoughts on it? Would AutoDraw be useful in messaging apps? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below! Opinion Google Next ArticleSlim bezels I can get behind, but edged displays are too much Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Burger King tried to hijack the Google Home with new Whopper ad Moto Z2 reportedly shown off in new image leak View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A30 Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel GO FLIP Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung ANS H450R Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Avail Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG G6 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K20 plus LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG Phoenix 3 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Risio LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spree LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Stylo 3 LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Polaroid A4 Polaroid A5 Polaroid A6 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 6GB AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Unlimited AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited AT&T Unlimited Choice AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Plus AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $11 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $125 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $13 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Prepaid T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 2GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 6GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data $50 TeltikOne Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus International Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Mobile Caring TPO Mobile Gentle TPO Mobile Hero TPO Mobile Infinity TPO Mobile Kind TPO Mobile Noble TPO Mobile North America TPO Mobile People's TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 1000 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 500 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby Unlimited Talk and Text U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB334MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB834MB900MB938MB2083MB1250MB1667MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Apple iPad (2017) Unboxing and First Look Beau Hamilton 1 week 8 hours ago 4 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 2 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Impressions! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 4 hours ago 1 shares 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Samsung Galaxy S8 Impressions! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 7 hours ago 8 shares 2 5 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 (RED) iPhone: Should you buy or donate? Marco Hanna 2 weeks 3 days ago 12 shares 4 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG V20 4 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 3 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 2 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: One Year Later 9 shares 2 5 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 Android 7.0 Nougat on OnePlus 3T 10 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 2 2 1 Best Tech of January 2017! 13 shares 10 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG V20 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ AT&T adding free HBO to its Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ US Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Samsung Gear S3 Classic with 4G AT&T GoPhone unlimited data AT&T announces LG G6 launch Sprint News Sprint LG G6 will be 50 percent Sprint launching new Unlimited Sprint reportedly ending half-off Cell Phone Deals April 2017 Digest Sprint announces Galaxy S8 launch Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Sprint Direct 2 You phone setup T-Mobile News ZTE Quartz official, sub-$200 T-Mobile LG G6 buyers can get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive now includes T-Mobile Onesie is a high-tech, Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ US T-Mobile launches a trio of new T-Mobile adds AppleCare to JUMP! Verizon Wireless Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ Cell Phone Deals April 2017 Digest Verizon to test new AppFlash Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ US Verizon HTC 10 receiving Android Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Samsung Gear S3 Classic with 4G PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps Blogs Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero The Economist explainsPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Blogs up icon Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero The Economist explains Print Edition Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Women in technologySilicon Valley’s sexism problem Venture capitalists are bright, clannish and almost exclusively male print-edition icon Print edition | LeadersApr 15th 2017 twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon “BOOBER” is the nickname Travis Kalanick, the boss of Uber, used to describe the effect that the ride-hailing startup had on his attractiveness to the opposite sex. Mr Kalanick’s wisecrack seems to have been emblematic of a deeply macho culture. An investigation is under way into allegations from a former employee that Uber refuses to promote capable women or to take complaints about harassment seriously. The results are due to be released in the coming weeks. Uber is not the only technology star in the spotlight for its treatment of women. Google has been accused by America’s Department of Labour of paying female employees significantly less than male ones (see article). Google flatly denies the charge. But that technology in general, and Silicon Valley in particular, has a gender problem is not in doubt. A survey of 210 women in the valley found that 60% had experienced unwanted sexual advances and that two-thirds felt excluded from important social and networking opportunities. PayScale, a research firm, has found that only 21% of American tech executives are female (the figure in other industries is 36%). Women in tech are paid less than men, even after controlling for experience, education and responsibilities. Latest updates Who is Peter Altmaier and why does he matter? Kaffeeklatsch11 hours ago The FBI suspected Carter Page was working as an agent for Russia Democracy in America14 hours ago The number of executions worldwide fell in 2016 Graphic detail16 hours ago Charting trends in apocalyptic and post-apocalyptic fiction Prospero17 hours ago Retail sales, producer prices, wages and exchange rates 21 hours ago Foreign reserves a day ago See all updates Not all these problems can be laid at the door of Silicon Valley. Plenty of people are worried about the small number of girls taking science, technology, engineering and mathematics courses. Only 18% of bachelor’s degrees in computer science in America were awarded to women in 2013, down from 37% in 1985. Pay gaps are pervasive, too. But that shouldn’t let the valley off the hook. It prides itself on solving difficult problems and on being a meritocracy. Being as bad as everywhere else in its treatment of women falls disappointingly short. More to the point, the valley suffers from a distinctive form of sexism which is in its power to fix. Venture capitalists are the technology industry’s demigods. Through their cheques, connections and advice, they determine which startups succeed and which languish. They are bright, clannish and almost exclusively male. Only around 6% of partners at venture-capital firms are women, down from 10% in 1999. Less than 40% of the top 100 venture-capital firms have a female partner charged with investing. Many of the most highly regarded funds, including Benchmark and Andreessen Horowitz, have none. For a set of people who finance disruptive firms, venture capitalists are surprisingly averse to disrupting their own tried-and-tested way of doing things. They sit in small groups, meet entrepreneurs and repeat a single formula for investing whenever possible. John Doerr, who backed companies like Google, summed up his philosophy thus: “Invest in white male nerds who’ve dropped out of Harvard or Stanford.” Defenders of the valley have two retorts. One is that throwing stones at the most successful business cluster on Earth makes no sense. Market forces ensure that the best ideas win funding, irrespective of gender. The data suggest a different story. Only 7% of the founders of tech startups in America that raised $20m or more are women, according to recent research by Bloomberg. Yet nobody would argue that men make the best founders nine times out of ten. On average, firms founded by women obtain less funding ($77m) than those founded by men ($100m). The VC industry has been successful enough to ward off the pressure to change. That does not make it perfect. A second defence is that VCs rely on tight-knit relationships, in which trust is essential. Call this the “dinner with Mike Pence” gambit, after the American vice-president’s reported refusal to eat alone with a woman other than his wife. On this argument, any outsider, particularly one lacking a Y chromosome, is liable to upset the club’s precious dynamic. Venture capital is indeed a strange mix of capital and contacts, and peculiarly hard to industrialise as a result. But as a justification for sexism, clubbiness is an argument that is as old as it is thin. Y combinator, X chromosomes Plenty of studies show that diverse teams are more productive. Hiring more women in venture capital seems to increase the odds of finding and funding those elusive female entrepreneurs. Venture capitalists play a vital role in shaping the culture of startups: investors who value diversity are likelier to guide them away from the reputational and legal risks that beset offices full of “brogrammers”. Silicon Valley is a remarkable place. But it is time for the boy’s club to grow up.   This article appeared in the Leaders section of the print edition under the headline "Silicon pally" twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon View comments Reuse this content Editors’ picks Turkey’s referendumTurkey is sliding into dictatorship Recep Tayyip Erdogan is carrying out the harshest crackdown in decades. The West must not abandon Turkey Leaders On a whim and a prayerDonald Trump’s foreign policy looks more normal than promisedUnited States Fading echoesEast Germany’s population is shrinkingBusiness and finance The Economist explainsThe hype about China’s newest city The Economist explains You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Home News Local News Sports Crime Call 12 for Action Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Politics US & World Street Stories Entertainment News eNews & Alerts Signup Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Live Streaming: CBS News News Team Sky Drone 12 News Links Weather Detailed 7-Day Radar Pinpoint Traffic Futurecast Threat Tracker Current Conditions Ocean & Bay Winter Weather Resources Severe Weather Satellite Weather Alerts Closings Power Outages Alerts Signup Weather Blog Pic of the Day Pinpoint Weather App Pinpoint Weather Network Live Cams: Remote Video Target 12 Target 12 Home Inside Mafia Tim White Walt Buteau Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Consumer Investigations Eyewitness News Investigates 12 for Action CFA Home Consumer Guide Parent Guide Recalls Job Finder Contact Call for Action Call 12 For Action Volunteer Application Report It! Submit ReportIt! ReportIt! Photo Galleries Rhode Show Happening Here Food and Drink Homelife Style Living Healthy Rhode Show On The Go App Summer Stars Money Matters Talking Tech Contests Coming Up This Week Watch Live Weekdays 9a-10a On Air TV Schedule FOX Providence myRITV Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team More Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Pinpoint Traffic Community Community Events Calendar TV Schedule Contests & Sweepstakes About Us Contact Us Work for Us Obituaries Rescue a Pet Morning Message Eyewitness News App Pinpoint Weather App Rhode Show On The Go App Podcasts 49° F Clear Hi: 72° F Lo: 50° F Detailed 7 Day Live Radar Weather Blog 1 Closing Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Sports Crime Call 12 for Action Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Politics US & World Street Stories Entertainment News eNews & Alerts Signup Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Live Streaming: CBS News News Team Sky Drone 12 News Links Featured: 38 Studios Aaron Hernandez First 100 Days NCAA Tournament Special Reports UHIP Westport Farm Abuse Latest Headlines FBI investigating drug trafficking organization tied to R.I. April 12, 2017 On Wednesday, 16 people, all currently living in Rhode Island, were arrested in connection to the Valdez Drug Trafficking Organization. Expert: This allergy season will be stronger than usual April 12, 2017 Dr. Robert Settipane said he’s already had people come in with allergy symptoms from rising pollen counts. Q&A: Centracchio on US-Russian relations April 12, 2017 Ban on handheld devices while driving once again passes RI Senate April 12, 2017 Mold forces closure of Central High School Thursday April 12, 2017 Weather Weather Detailed 7-Day Radar Pinpoint Traffic Futurecast Threat Tracker Current Conditions Ocean & Bay Winter Weather Resources Severe Weather Satellite Weather Alerts Closings Power Outages Alerts Signup Weather Blog Pic of the Day Pinpoint Weather App Pinpoint Weather Network Live Cams: Remote Video Featured: Storm Ready Resource Guide Current Conditions 49° F Clear Feels Like: 43° F Wind: NW 15 Humidity: 54% Dewpoint: 33° F Sunrise: 6:09 AM Sunset: 7:23 PM Live Radar & Futurecasts Live Radar 7 Day Futurecast Currently Ocean Sponsored by: Target 12 Target 12 Target 12 Home Inside Mafia Tim White Walt Buteau Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Consumer Investigations Eyewitness News Investigates Featured: 38 Studios Gordon Fox Investigation PawSox Future Special Reports Where's the Chief? Latest Headlines Feds freeze use of Google money by RI State Police April 12, 2017 TARGET 12 State police told to put a freeze on all spending from multi-million dollar Google fund. Grand jury subpoena issued for Council President Aponte records April 12, 2017 TARGET 12 The State Police have been investigating Aponte’s use of campaign funds. State reaches settlement in DMV computer system lawsuit April 12, 2017 DHS: There’s a light at the end of the UHIP tunnel April 7, 2017 Price used homemade weapon in alleged stabbing of fellow inmate April 7, 2017 12 for Action 12 for Action CFA Home Consumer Guide Parent Guide Recalls Job Finder Contact Call for Action Call 12 For Action Volunteer Application Featured: Gas Tracker Latest Headlines Risk of flying metal prompts garbage disposal recall April 12, 2017 By Susan Campbell ALERT The recall covers approximately 146,000 disposals made under 10 different brand names by Anaheim Manufacturing Company. Wyoming father, son touched by gifts from the heart April 12, 2017 KATHY BROWN, The Associated Press GILLETTE, Wyo. (AP) — Diego Garcia stood at the edge of the pool at the Recreation Center trying to shake off his doubts. He’s a bit fluster… Knowing your rights as an airline passenger April 11, 2017 By Susan Campbell Rural Nevada sheriff faces recall, misconduct allegations April 11, 2017 The Associated Press How to avoid counterfeit dresses and other prom disasters April 10, 2017 By Susan Campbell Report It! Submit ReportIt! ReportIt! Photo Galleries Rhode Show Rhode Show Happening Here Food and Drink Homelife Style Living Healthy Rhode Show On The Go App Summer Stars Money Matters Talking Tech Contests Coming Up This Week Watch Live Weekdays 9a-10a Featured: Audrey McClelland Jill Marinelli On The Rhode RI Monthly Roger Williams Park Zoo Latest Headlines Cardi’s supports upcoming 5k Road Race April 12, 2017 NiRoPe and Trooper Amy Jackson the upcoming 5K Foot Pursuit Road Race ‘Get Gored For Good’ and support Amos House April 12, 2017 Jessica Salter, Director of Development at Amos House, Rachel Colaiace, Director of Special Events at Amos House, and Ed Medeiros, CEO of Ea… Joey McIntyre talks ‘Return of the Mac’ April 12, 2017 The 2017 Good Friday Walk April 12, 2017 In the Kitchen: Pan Roasted Monkfish April 12, 2017 On Air TV Schedule FOX Providence myRITV Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team More Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Pinpoint Traffic Community Community Events Calendar TV Schedule Contests & Sweepstakes About Us Contact Us Work for Us Obituaries Rescue a Pet Morning Message Eyewitness News App Pinpoint Weather App Rhode Show On The Go App Podcasts Search for: Search the site 49° F Clear Hi: 72° F Lo: 50° F Feds freeze use of Google money by RI State Police By Tim White Published: April 12, 2017, 4:23 pm Updated: April 12, 2017, 9:42 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Related Coverage State police awarded $225,000 no-bid contract for diversity report PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WPRI) – U.S. Department of Justice officials have put a freeze on the R.I. State Police’s ability to spend federal “equitable sharing funds” – like the so-called Google money awarded in a major settlement – while they conduct a review of whether the state agency followed proper protocols and procedures. Peter Carr, a spokesperson for the DOJ, said in an email that the state police have been “placed on a ‘do not spend’ restriction, which means that they must not spend any equitable sharing funds until further notice from the Justice Department.” “The department informed RISP that it will be conducting a compliance review of the agency,” Carr said in the email. He would not say what sparked the money freeze and audit. The Providence Journal first reported the DOJ action. The announcement comes just weeks after Target 12 first reported the state police had awarded a $225,000 no-bid contract, funded with Google money, to law-enforcement expert Terrance Gainer. A spokeswoman confirmed that Gainer’s bill is the only one pending that’s supposed to be paid with Google money. The Target 12 report sparked controversy in part because state purchasing regulations require any contract above $5,000 to be put out for public bid, in an effort to attract competitive rates. According to documents from the Department of Administration, state police officials asked to circumvent the requirement using a “non-competitive bid request” form on Feb. 22, five days after they had already announced Gainer’s hiring. The form was filled out on the same day Target 12 requested the purchasing documents from the state. State Police spokesperson Laura Meade Kirk would not say Wednesday what sparked the new DOJ action, but said federal officials are looking back to practices beginning in 2013, before Col. Ann Assumpico took over as superintendent last year. “We’re cooperating fully with this review,” Kirk said in an emailed statement. “The Colonel cannot speak to how disbursements were requested/received under prior administrations. However, she can say that, since she was appointed as Superintendent of State Police, she and her command staff have worked closely with the DOJ’s representatives in requesting all disbursements, to ensure they were in full compliance with all policies and procedures.” Target 12 obtained the letter the DOJ sent to the state police on April 3 announcing the action after officials there said they received “information pertaining to a potential violation of [the state police’s] contracting protocols.” That inquiry then launched a broader look at the agency’s overall accounting practices of the equitable sharing funds. “The review indicated that RISP did not report program expenditures as required by the Single Audit Act and impermissibly maintains program funds in multiple accounts,” the DOJ letter states. The Single Audit Act requires any state agency that receives $750,000 or more of federal money to conduct an annual review of how that money is spent. Tim White ( twhite@wpri.com ) is the Target 12 investigative reporter and host of Newsmakers for WPRI 12 and Fox Providence. Follow him on Twitter and on Facebook Share this: Email Print Twitter Facebook Google Pinterest More LinkedIn Tumblr Reddit Send to Kindle Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts State police awarded $225,000 no-bid contract for diversity report State reaches settlement in DMV computer system lawsuit Police agencies help expand access to overdose-reversal drug Former Warwick school employee pleads to charge tied to renovating home on taxpayer dime Advertisement « Previous Story Advertisement Busted in Southern New England Mugshot Gallery: March 2017 March 10, 2017 A collection of mugshots showing suspects recently arrested in Southern New England. Trending Now on WPRI.com Follow Tim White on TwitterMy Tweets Target 12 on TwitterMy Tweets Must See Photo Galleries Latest Galleries Photos: Opening Day at Fenway Park PHOTOS: Van goes into Providence Restaurant 4 dead in vehicle, knife attack near British Parliament Photos: Rhody Rams in the Big Dance NCAA Tournament: Meet the 2017 Mascots News Links Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WPRI 12 Eyewitness News © 1998-2017 WPRI.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Target 12 Call 12 for Action Report It! Rhode Show Community Station About Us Contact Us Advertise Work for Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC File – WPRI EEO Report Children’s TV Report Nexstar Partners CBS FOX CNN WTNH WWLP On Air Live Streaming TV Schedule FOX Providence Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home About Articles I’ve Written Awards I’ve Received How To Subscribe To This Blog By Email Or RSS My Best of series My Favorite Posts My In Practice Posts Subscribe to a Free Monthly Newsletter Websites of the Month Websites Of The Year Contact Me Most Popular Blog Posts Larry Ferlazzo’s English Website Larry Ferlazzo’s Websites of the Day… …For Teaching ELL, ESL, & EFL “Speak To Go” Could Be A Fun Tool For A Student-Centered Geography Lesson April 12, 2017 by Larry Ferlazzo | 0 comments Speak To Go is a new VR experiment from Google that lets users of Google Cardboard say the name of any landmark or address and then be able to view a 360 image of the location. You can also use it online without a Cardboard Headset. I’ve previously shared our experiments with VR (see Everything You Wanted To Know About How We’re Using Virtual Reality With ELLs, But Were Afraid To Ask) . I could see having students explore wherever they want some day and then explain and describe where they visited and why.  Plus, it’s great pronunciation practice for English Language Learners. Thanks to TechCrunch for the tip. I’m adding this info to A Beginning List Of The Best Resources On Virtual Reality In Education. Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Pinterest LinkedIn More Reddit Tumblr Pocket Related Categories: social studies, technology | Permalink Author: Larry Ferlazzo I'm a high school teacher in Sacramento, CA. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Required fields are marked *. Message * Name * Email * Website Notify me of followup comments via e-mail ← Previous Post Next Post → Thanks for dropping past my Blog! I'm Larry Ferlazzo and here you will catch me talking about websites that will help you teach ELL, ESL and EFL! Read This Info! How to Subscribe To This Blog By RSS or Email How to Subscribe To my Free Monthly Newsletter My Websites of The Month My Websites of The Year My Best of Series! My Favorite Posts! Articles I've Written! Awards I've Received My In Practice Posts! All My “The Best” Lists Subscribe! RSS Feed Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Delicious Most popular posts Now This Is A Student Goal-Setting Strategy That May Actually Work "Unpaywall" Is New Tool For Accessing Research Papers For Free The Best Websites For Creating Online Learning Games The Best Resources For Helping Teachers Use Bloom's Taxonomy In The Classroom "Legends Of Learning" Is New Game-Based Site That Lets Teachers Create Free (For Awhile) Virtual Classrooms The Best Popular Movies/TV Shows For ESL/EFL (& How To Use Them) The Best Sites For Learning About The World's Different Cultures The Best Online Virtual "Corkboards" (or "Bulletin Boards") Type Your Text Into "SlideBot" & It Automatically Chooses Layout & Images For Your Slideshow Here's My Entire ELL Beginners Seven-Week Unit On Writing A Story (Including Hand-outs & Links) Blogroll Alice Mercer Center For Teaching Quality Class Blog — World History Class Blog: Beginner & Intermediate ELD Class Blog: ESL/EFL Student Showcase Class Blog: Intermediate ELD Class Blog: Ninth Grade English 2012 Class Blog: Theory of Knowledge Class Blog: U.S. History Cult Of Pedagogy David Deubelbeiss EFL Classroom 2.0 Engaging Parents In School Free Technology For Teachers Learning the Language Michelle Henry Middleweb NEPC's "Best of the Ed Blogs" TeachMoore The Edublogger This Week In Education Favorite Links “Words To Live By” — Sacramento Bee Story On Our Home Computer Family Literacy Project "Burbank Students Use Blog To Learn English" — Sacramento Bee Story On Our International Sister Classes Project ELL/ESL/EFL Blog Carnival Larry Ferlazzo’s English Website Favorite Posts My Best Posts Over The Years Follow this blog Follow @Larryferlazzo Our new book on ELLs & The Common Core My Latest Book On Student Motivation "Building A Community Of Self-Motivated Learners: Strategies To Help Students Thrive In School and Beyond" was published in 2015 by Routledge My Classroom Management Book "Classroom Management Q&As: Expert Strategies for Teaching" is an edited compilation from my Ed Week teacher advice column, along with new materials. My Second Book On Student Motivation! "Self-Driven Learning: Teaching Strategies for Student Motivation" is a sequel to "Helping Students Motivate Themselves" My Second Book On Teaching ELLs My book, "The ESL/ELL Teacher's Survival Guide: Ready-to-Use Strategies, Tools, and Activities for Teaching English Language Learners of All Levels," (co-authored by Katie Hull Sypnieski) was published in the Summer of 2012 You can find out more about it here, including accessing free excerpts and resources. My Book On Student Motivation "Helping Students Motivate Themselves: Practical Answers To Classroom Problems," was published in the Spring of 2011. You can read many free excerpts to it here Look for its sequel in early 2013! My Book On Teaching English Language Learners My book, "English Language Learners: Teaching Strategies That Work," was published by Linworth Publishing in April, 2010. You can read an excerpt here and learn how to order it. My Parent Engagement Book Subscribe By Email Enter your Email Preview | Powered by FeedBlitz Student Motivation Video Archives Archives Select Month April 2017  (75) March 2017  (151) February 2017  (159) January 2017  (165) December 2016  (189) November 2016  (184) October 2016  (192) September 2016  (180) August 2016  (217) July 2016  (178) June 2016  (183) May 2016  (166) April 2016  (168) March 2016  (192) February 2016  (179) January 2016  (180) December 2015  (198) November 2015  (158) October 2015  (177) September 2015  (166) August 2015  (168) July 2015  (176) June 2015  (186) May 2015  (146) April 2015  (177) March 2015  (167) February 2015  (161) January 2015  (192) December 2014  (183) November 2014  (165) October 2014  (171) September 2014  (152) August 2014  (174) July 2014  (175) June 2014  (139) May 2014  (140) April 2014  (165) March 2014  (167) February 2014  (167) January 2014  (198) December 2013  (198) November 2013  (185) October 2013  (173) September 2013  (172) August 2013  (182) July 2013  (195) June 2013  (207) May 2013  (211) April 2013  (164) March 2013  (200) February 2013  (165) January 2013  (179) December 2012  (196) November 2012  (161) October 2012  (168) September 2012  (178) August 2012  (179) July 2012  (203) June 2012  (176) May 2012  (162) April 2012  (180) March 2012  (163) February 2012  (160) January 2012  (153) December 2011  (141) November 2011  (141) October 2011  (140) September 2011  (132) August 2011  (143) July 2011  (143) June 2011  (143) May 2011  (158) April 2011  (174) March 2011  (206) February 2011  (209) January 2011  (235) December 2010  (233) November 2010  (218) October 2010  (238) September 2010  (201) August 2010  (224) July 2010  (188) June 2010  (163) May 2010  (229) April 2010  (232) March 2010  (228) February 2010  (167) January 2010  (170) December 2009  (160) November 2009  (127) October 2009  (147) September 2009  (175) August 2009  (169) July 2009  (174) June 2009  (173) May 2009  (194) April 2009  (209) March 2009  (179) February 2009  (181) January 2009  (193) December 2008  (203) November 2008  (199) October 2008  (179) September 2008  (136) August 2008  (138) July 2008  (106) June 2008  (117) May 2008  (104) April 2008  (110) March 2008  (89) February 2008  (82) January 2008  (134) December 2007  (123) November 2007  (114) October 2007  (110) September 2007  (84) August 2007  (70) July 2007  (53) June 2007  (61) May 2007  (63) April 2007  (68) March 2007  (37) February 2007  (3) 0  (1) CategoriesCategories Select Category a look back  (213) a look back compilations  (3) best of the year  (1,699) best tweets  (291) bilingual  (36) blogs  (664) book reviews  (1) British Council  (16) classroom practice  (488) dictionaries  (25) ed tech digest  (33) Ed Week Teacher  (782) ESL Carnival  (45) ESL Web  (217) geography  (250) grammar  (44) health  (184) hot spot interviews  (18) humor  (1) infographic  (86) infographics  (66) instruction  (154) Intermediate English  (212) interviews  (40) learning games  (578) lessons  (3) links I should posted  (154) listening  (167) math  (108) monthly best lists  (96) monthly updated lists  (278) most popular posts  (185) music and art  (274) nytimes  (69) photo galleries  (49) pins of the week  (22) podcast  (135) popular site lists  (98) Post Rank  (37) quote  (237) reading  (774) research studies  (540) school reform  (1,940) science  (861) search engines  (104) SEL Update  (38) social studies  (4,609) statistic  (92) subscribing to this blog  (3) talking  (234) teacher resources  (4,180) technology  (564) TOK  (374) top ten list  (125) twitter  (76) Uncategorized  (572) updated list compilations  (14) video  (1,972) viral marketing  (47) vocabulary  (256) web 2.0  (1,835) what do you do when  (15) writing  (618) Website With 8,000 Links Larry Ferlazzo, Teacher Visit My Other Blog: Engaging Parents In School Larry Ferlazzo, Teacher My Education Week Teacher Blog My posts for Classroom Q & A with Larry Ferlazzo at Education Week Teacher. My NY Times Posts Check out my education posts for the New York Times My Posts at Edutopia Check out my posts for Edutopia My “Teaching English” British Council Posts My Amazon Author’s Page My BAM! Radio Show Awards Recent Comments Larry Ferlazzo on What Are Your Ideas For Incorporating the “Maker Movement” In Teaching English Language Learners? Tim on Google’s Brand New “AutoDraw” Is Likely To Become A Favorite Place For Those Of Us Who Are Artistically-Challenged Bret Gosselin on What Are Your Ideas For Incorporating the “Maker Movement” In Teaching English Language Learners? Laura Britton-Smith on The Best Critiques Of Ruby Payne Larry Ferlazzo on The Best Websites For Creating Online Learning Games ClustrMap Tweets by @Larryferlazzo Visit Larry Ferlazzo's profile on Pinterest. Google Translate — Translate this Page into Another Language! 2014 Edublog Awards Finalist 2014 Edublog Awards Finalist 2014 Edublog Awards Finalist Finalist For Best Individual Blog Copyright © 2017 | Theme: Yoko by Elmastudio Hosted by Edublogs Top Powered by WordPress | Hosted by Edublogs | Protected by CloudFlare Skip to toolbar Edublogs Home Help and Support The Edublogger Community Get A Blog! Log in Search
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Yesterday GOOG: 824.32 0.97 Google Home debauchery goes mainstream with annoying Burger King ad [Video] Stephen Hall - Apr. 12th 2017 11:55 am PT @hallstephenj Google Home Google Assistant Burger King View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Update: Google has seemingly blacklisted the exact sound bite from the ad. Home no longer responds to the question, unless you ask it yourself using your own voice. Most of us are already annoyed enough with this one aspect of Google Home: It’s not smart enough to know that you’re — or at least someone authorized — the one trying to talk to it. That means it sometimes wakes you up demon-possessed in the middle of the night, and it means it sometimes mistakingly hears other background noise — like your TV, for instance — as trying to wake it up with the “OK Google” command. Starting today, this annoyance is going to get a lot worse. Burger King will begin airing an annoying new ad during primetime television later today that is made to intentionally — yes, I said intentionally — trigger your Google Home or other Assistant-powered device into telling you about a burger… Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services First of all, this is just plain annoying. If you’re watching any one of a variety of networks tonight on live TV, chances are this ad will come on. And when it does, your Google Home is going to read aloud the Wikipedia page for the Whopper. That’s another weird thing about this: Wikipedia can be edited by mostly anyone. That was proven, as The Verge notes, by Burger King’s own editing of the page to make the first sentence read like an ad. As of the time of this writing, my Google Home was still reading the rewritten Burger King ad to me when prompted with the oh-so-awkward “What is the Whopper burger?” question: The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100 percent beef with no preservatives or fillers, topped with sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce, pickles, ketchup, and mayonnaise, served on a sesame-seed bun. Thankfully, Google Home will probably have some form of voice recognition soon. If the Home is going to support multiple user accounts, then being able to distinguish between users would be very handy. In the meantime, though, this sneaky trick might just make its way into homes. Perhaps Google will hit the kill switch before this evening. At the very least, it looks like the Wikipedia page has been reverted back to its original — and proper — state. I haven’t had a Whopper in years, and this new ad isn’t going to do much to change that. Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Google Home View THe Guide Google Assistant View THe Guide Burger King View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Yesterday GOOG: 824.32 0.97 Android Pay functionality now works within select mobile banking applications Justin Duino - Apr. 12th 2017 12:16 pm PT @jaduino Apps & Updates Android Android Pay View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google has been trying to make mobile payments work for some time now, just like several other companies such as Samsung and Apple. However, no company has yet to be widely successful at achieving widespread adoption. Today Google has announced more progress in this area as it brings Android Pay functionality to several mobile banking applications… Before now, if you wanted to use Android Pay, you had to download the application from the Play Store and then manually add your credit and/or debit cards. Of course, you also had to make sure that your bank supported the mobile payment service. Now, Google has announced that “select mobile banking apps” will soon have some of Android Pay’s capabilities built-in. This means that within the bank’s app, you will be able to change which of your cards are used for mobile payments, deactivate a card, and of course, use the app to make mobile payments. Google also announced that starting today, the company has partnered with Bank of America, Bank of New Zealand, Discover, mBank and USAA to add the ability to easily add your cards to Android Pay within the corresponding banking apps. As shown in the pictures below, there should be a section (or there will be one soon) that allows you to quickly add your credit and debit cards to Android Pay. These changes, according to Google, are all being done to not only to help more people to use Android Pay’s open platform, but to also grow the mobile payments market altogether. If your bank was not one of the handful listed above, don’t worry as Google is constantly adding new banks to its program and will expand these new features to more banks in due time. Justin Duino @jaduino I’m a writer for 9to5Google with a background in IT and Android development. Follow me on Twitter to read my ramblings about tech and email me at justin@jaduino.com. Tips are always welcome. Favorite Gear Jaybird Freedom Headphones Acessorz USB-C Dock Logitech MX Master Mouse Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Android Pay View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Burger King ad threatens to renew debate over… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Padres beat Rockies Nuggets beat Mavs Violence in Denver jails United CEO apologizes VC dollars rebound Cherry Cricket reopens Business Burger King ad threatens to renew debate over voice devices “OK, Google. What is the Whopper burger?” 15-second ad brings up company’s Wikipedia entry for Google Home users Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Photo by Daniel Acker, Bloomberg An employee assists a customer at the drive-through of a Burger King restaurant in Peoria, Illinois, on Aug. 26, 2014. By Bloomberg News April 12, 2017 at 1:59 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular New Aspen partnership buys Mammoth resorts, challenges Vail Resorts’ dominance in season pass sales Denver star Will Butcher not signing with Avs, not now, perhaps never Denver will pay $1 million to Jessica Hernandez’s family for 2015 fatal police shooting Tax hike for Colorado roads remains a political lift Gas prices will rise this summer but should remain low Editorial: Colorado prisoner Rene Lima-Marin deserves to be freed A new Burger King TV commercial is designed to trigger Google’s voice-controlled speakers in viewers’ homes, adding a wrinkle to the debate over whether such devices have become too invasive. In the 15-second ad, a Burger King employee says, “OK, Google. What is the Whopper burger?” If viewers are watching the commercial near a Google Home gadget, the “OK Google” prompt will cause the device to read the Wikipedia entry for the sandwich. The TV spots are airing nationally starting Wednesday on networks such as Spike, MTV and Comedy Central. The commercial extends Burger King’s record of trying to push the envelope with its marketing. In 2015, the restaurant chain sought a “truce” with rival McDonald’s by offering to create a peace burger called the McWhopper. It also brought back its deliberately creepy King mascot in recent years. The character loomed in the background during the much-hyped boxing match of Floyd Mayweather-Manny Pacquiao in 2015. Related Articles March 26, 2017 Amazon’s Alexa takes its fight with Siri to Marriott hotel rooms February 21, 2017 Burger King parent company to buy Popeyes for $1.8B The Google stunt could renew concerns about whether voice-activated technology has unintended consequences. Amazon.com’s Echo devices and Samsung Electronics’s smart televisions have faced criticism from privacy groups over the extent of the conversations and data that they track. The Echo, which answers to “Alexa,” also lets consumers buy products with quick voice commands — creating the potential for accidental orders. Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc., said it’s not collaborating with Alphabet Inc.’s Google on the ads. But the plug could give a boost to a device that is playing catch-up with the Echo. Analysts estimate that Google shipped about 500,000 units in the first quarter after the Home product debuted late last year. “It’s a cool way, and a bold way, to surprise our guests,” said Jose Cil, president of the Burger King brand. The company believes the interaction will be “very positive,” he said. A broader U.S. restaurant slump is forcing restaurant chains like Burger King to vie more fiercely for customers. Some have introduced new menu items and value deals, while others have increased advertising to boost customer traffic. McDonald’s began offering $1 and $2 drink specials this month, while Wendy’s has been remodeling stores and touting its fresh beef. Burger King also rolled out a new version of its chicken sandwich last month, and it enlisted ” haters” — people who criticized the old sandwich on social media — to market the revamped item. “Burger King has been doing creative, innovative things for a long time,” Cil said. “It’s something that we feel strongly about.” Tags:  advertising fast food Google online privacy Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business Denver officials scrutinizing out-of-state CBD products sold in local pot shops April 12, 2017, 9:20 pm Denver is clamping down on CBD products that originate outside of Colorado. Denver industrial real estate market “very competitive” for tenants displaced by upcoming development April 12, 2017, 8:58 pm Businesses occupying about 2 million square feet of industrial real estate in Denver are going to be displaced as a result of the widening of Interstate 70, the $1.1 billion National Western Center project and ongoing gentrification in and around the River North Art District, a CBRE broker said Wednesday. 3-week landlord notification bill advances to Colorado House vote April 12, 2017, 7:49 pm Landlord notification to tenants ahead of a rent increase or lease termination would grow from a week to 21 days in a bill that is gaining traction in the Colorado Legislature. Elitch Gardens owner exploring redevelopment of amusement park’s sea of surface parking April 12, 2017, 8:14 pm The local investment team backed by billionaire Stan Kroenke that bought Elitch Gardens in 2015 is exploring the possibility of redeveloping the roughly 17 acres of surface parking that serve the downtown amusement park. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. There are Easter-themed Easter eggs hidden inside Google Hangouts Avery Hartmans Apr. 12, 2017, 3:31 PM 1,549 facebook linkedin twitter email print Gustavo Caballero/Getty Google is known for treating its users to Easter Eggs at every turn.  From Google Search to Google's mobile app, there are fun tricks hidden inside nearly every Google product, if you know where to look.  Fast Company spotted a fun Easter Egg hidden inside Google Hangouts, formerly Gchat: By typing "Easter bunny" into a chat, Google triggers adorable, Easter-themed animations. The same thing happens if you type "Happy Easter." They only appear for a few seconds before disappearing again, so don't miss them.  View As: One Page Slides Google may treat you to this cute bunny, who will hop through your chat for a few seconds.   Or, you'll see a whole bunch of chicks who will hatch before your eyes.   The third option is one little chick who will pop out of a pink spotted egg. It's not clear how long these particular tricks have been hidden inside Hangouts — although typing in "Happy Easter" has worked since at least last year — but it's definitely the best time of year to use them.  Get the latest Google stock price here. More: Features Google Alphabet Easter eggs Easter Bunny Google Hangouts GChat Google Easter Eggs facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru There are Easter-themed Easter eggs hidden inside Google Hangouts There are Easter-themed Easter eggs hidden inside Google Hangouts Google is known for treating its users to... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Burger King Has A Whopper Of An Order For Your Google Assistant Burger King's new ads could arouse the ire of those owning digital assistants. (Grzegorz Czapski/Shutterstock) BLOOMBERG NEWS 4/12/2017 Reprints A new Burger King TV commercial is designed to trigger voice-controlled speakers from Alphabet's (GOOGL) Google in viewers' homes, adding a wrinkle to the debate over whether such devices have become too invasive. In the 15-second ad, a Burger King employee says, "OK, Google. What is the Whopper burger?" If viewers are watching the commercial near a Google Home gadget, the "OK Google" prompt will cause the device to read the Wikipedia entry for the sandwich. The TV spots are airing nationally starting Wednesday on networks such as Spike, MTV and Comedy Central. The commercial extends Burger King's record of trying to push the envelope with its marketing. In 2015, the restaurant chain sought a "truce" with rival and Dow component McDonald's (MCD) by offering to create a peace burger called the McWhopper. It also brought back its deliberately creepy King mascot in recent years. The character loomed in the background during the much-hyped boxing match of Floyd Mayweather-Manny Pacquiao in 2015. The Google stunt could renew concerns about whether voice-activated technology has unintended consequences. Amazon.com's (AMZN) Echo devices and Samsung Electronics Co.'s smart televisions have faced criticism from privacy groups over the extent of the conversations and data that they track. The Echo, which answers to "Alexa," also lets consumers buy products with quick voice commands — creating the potential for accidental orders. Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International (QSR), said it's not collaborating with Google on the ads. But the plug could give a boost to a device that is playing catch-up with the Echo. Analysts estimate that Google shipped about 500,000 units in the first quarter after the Home product debuted late last year. IBD'S TAKE: Despite questions over whether Burger King is making the right move by speaking directly to home devices, shares of parent Restaurant Brands International are in high standing. It holds an Investor's Business Daily Composite Rating of 94, good enough for second place among the Retail-Restaurants Group, just behind Dave & Buster's (PLAY). "It's a cool way, and a bold way, to surprise our guests," said Jose Cil, president of the Burger King brand. The company believes the interaction will be "very positive," he said. A broader U.S. restaurant slump is forcing restaurant chains like Burger King to vie more fiercely for customers. Some have introduced new menu items and value deals, while others have increased advertising to boost customer traffic. McDonald's began offering $1 and $2 drink specials this month, while Wendy's (WEN) has been remodeling stores and touting its fresh beef. Burger King also rolled out a new version of its chicken sandwich last month, and it enlisted "haters" — people who criticized the old sandwich on social media — to market the revamped item. "Burger King has been doing creative, innovative things for a long time," Cil said. "It's something that we feel strongly about." RELATED: This Dow Stock Is Now In Buy Range, Nears New High As Restaurants Rally Panera Bread Hits New High On Buyout Buzz; Restaurant Stocks Back On Menu Share this: Related news Applied Optoelectronics said first-quarter earnings and revenue will blow past consensus estimates and earlier guidance. Fiber-optic stocks rallied. (Shutterstock) Fiber-Optic Stocks Rally On Applied Optoelectronics' Raised Outlook 4/12/2017 Applied Optoelectronics said late Wednesday that first-quarter earnings and revenue will blow past consensus estimates and earlier guidance. 4/12/2017 Applied Optoelectronics said late Wednesday that first-quarter earnings and revenue... Wal-Mart Will Pay You To Pick Up Your Online Orders; Your Move, Amazon This Stock Is Up On News That Amazon Even Thought About Buying It Retail And E-Commerce News And Stocks To Watch Panera Bread Briefly Rises On Buzz Of Buffett-Backed 3G Capital Bid Analysts Clash Over Yelp; Data Storage Stocks Touted Google Backs Up Teens: Nike Rival Under Armour Isn't Hot Anymore Stocks Open Lower; 'Beauty' Lifts Disney; United Takes Heat Futures Steady: 3 Dow Stocks That Show Why The Trend Is Your Friend, Twice Today's Spotlight Are You Relying on Fake News or Real Data? The SEC is clamping down on content for financial news sites. See how IBD helps you avoid fake news. Don’t Miss The MoneyShow Join IBD investing experts for free workshops at Las Vegas and learn more about IBD products. Try MarketSmith Now Free access may be over, but the MarketSmith 4-week trial is still available for just $29.95. More News Wal-Mart Will Pay You To Pick Up Your Online Orders; Your Move, Amazon Which Companies Are Now Outperforming 95% Of All Stocks? See what adding futures can do for your trading strategy. Promoted Content By CME Group Special Report (IBD/Shutterstock photo illustration) Best Fund Awards See which mutual funds have beaten the S&P 500 and other benchmarks over the last 1, 3, 5 and 10 years. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Boss swore by 'For Dummies' book about an OS his org didn't run Euro Patent Office reforms hit another stumbling block: Reality Boffins fabricate the 'most complex bendy microprocessor yet' Far out: Dark matter bridges millions of light-years long spotted between galaxies Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Netregistry, TPP Wholesale on the rack over DNS TITSUP Big Internet warns FCC's Pai: We will fight you all the way on net neutrality No more IP addresses for countries that shut down internet access Half of mobe, broadband customers unhappy with how complaints handled Canonical sharpens post-Unity axe for 80-plus Ubuntu spinners Hasta la Windows Vista, baby! It's now officially dead – good riddance Windows 10 Creators Update general rollout begins with a privacy dialogue WileyFox disentangles itself from Cyanogen DTMF replay phreaked out the Dallas tornado alarm, say researchers SAP's TREX exposed HANA, NetWeaver Monster patch day for Juniper customers SWIFT on security: Fresh anti-bank-fraud defenses now live Gartner halves tech splash forecasts, blames the US dollar Who really gives a toss if it's agile or not? The 'data driven enterprise' is actually just the enterprise Converged systems market is so hot it just went backwards DevOps, Containers, and three days in May Virtualization twisted devs, cloud and SaaS made them monsters Software dev cuffed for 'nicking proprietary financial trading code' Microsoft rolls the Deis for container wrangling Policy The Channel Boss swore by 'For Dummies' book about an OS his org didn't run Euro Patent Office reforms hit another stumbling block: Reality Tor loses a node in Russia after activist's arrest in Moscow Cyberattacks wipe more than $50bn off big biz value, say beancounters Verizon's bogus bills tanked my credit score, claims sueball slinger Troll it your way: Burger King ad tries to hijack Google Home gadgets ITU and IEEE fail to put technology flesh on fascinating 5G concepts Official science we knew all along: Facebook makes you sad :-( SPB Geek's Guide Far out: Dark matter bridges millions of light-years long spotted between galaxies Blighty's £1.2bn space industry could lend itself to tourism – report How's that for a remote login? NASA puts New Horizons probe to sleep 3.5 billion miles away Dieting cannibals: At last, a scientist has calculated calories for human body parts Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Boffins fabricate the 'most complex bendy microprocessor yet' Worry not, Python devs – you can program a quantum computer Parcel bods Hermes become latest London drone delivery droogs Nvidia says Google's TPU benchmark compared wrong kit Verity Stob Nerd Klaxon: Barbican to host Science Fiction exhibition this summer QANTAS cuts AU$4,000 from price of Mac Pro T-Mobile US CEO offers kid a year's supply of chicken nuggets for switching from AT&T Boaty McBoatface sinks in South Atlantic on her maiden deployment Personal Tech Troll it your way: Burger King ad tries to hijack Google Home gadgets Hold the pickles, hold the lettuce, crappy ad meant to upset us 12 Apr 2017 at 19:38, Shaun Nichols Updated Artery-attacking mega-chain Burger King has thrown up a new online advertisement designed to hijack nearby Google Home gizmos. The ad features a bloke in the usual Burger King employee garb holding the chain's signature gut-buster sandwich. Saying the fifteen-second spot will not allow enough time to fully explain the virtues of ground beef inside a bread roll, he instead beckons the camera closer and says "OK Google, what is the Whopper Burger?" That "OK Google" phrase is supposed to wake up Google Home assistants within listening distance and instruct them to read out info about the grilled patties from the web. And yeah, yeah, we know, we're probably only helping BK here with its advertising stunt – it knows exactly what it's doing – but come on, it's a corporate giant trying to take over people's personal assistants. It's as gross as its grease-drenched fries. Youtube Video El Reg asked Google whether it was in on the stunt, but have yet to hear back. The ad spot harkens to the story of the newscaster who, while covering the plight of a child who had hijacked her parents' Amazon Alexa device, spoke a voice command that likewise made viewers' devices wakeup en masse. Microsoft inadvertently did the same thing in 2014 when it ran an ad where actor Aaron Paul issued voice commands to his Xbox Kinect and, in the process, caused consoles at home to kick in all on their own. Fortunately, the BK video thus far has failed to cause widespread havoc for Android devices, as Google's personal assistant feature in mobile phones and tablets is trained for the owner's voice and is not activated by the audio in the video. We played the ad to one of our Android handhelds and it sat there doing nothing. Phew. Google Home devices, however, do not train themselves to respond to a specific voice and could be susceptible to the stunt, should it run on television rather than the web. ® Updated to add Google has, we're told, put a stop to these shenanigans: the burger ad no longer triggers Home devices. It's possible the video may have, earlier in the day, woken up some Android handhelds, but by the time we tested it out, our 'droids weren't having any of it. In any case, the BK stunt has now been stopped dead by Google. Tips and corrections 33 Comments MORE Advertising More from The Register Machine learning newbs: TensorFlow too hard? Kick its ass with Keras New version 2 integrates better with Google's tough but essential software library Google to annihilate online trolling with ... tra-la-la! Machine! Learning! God, is there nothing artificial intelligence can't master? We all know you love it so much 17 Comments Google's machine learning app can now take over your iPhone Imagine Siri repeating 'I love Steve Jobs' forever Yahoo!'s big, fat clustered Google Machine Learning wedding Analysis Yahoo! open-source code fling builds a better Google, again DeepMind. Blockchain. Medical records. Google. AI – wow, we just won machine learning bingo! Nah, trust us, there is something to this 11 Comments Infosec industry to drive machine learning spend surge says analyst Amid the AI hype is a real chance to spot more anomalous behaviour, faster 2 Comments Whitepapers Capacity Management in the Modern Data Center Capacity management tools were originally developed to support IBM mainframes. Hybrid and Public Cloud for Mission-critical Deployment Red Hat is a modern-day success story; it’s open-source software (OSS) model has now penetrated nearly every layer of IT systems that were once proprietary. Multicloud Storage Infographic Works with multiple public clouds, enables simple data movement between clouds and eliminates vendor lock-in. Advanced Evasion Techniques for Dummies This e-book explains how AETs defeat traditional security measures and how you can beat them, with special attention to the risks posed to industrial control systems Most read Prisoners built two PCs from parts, hid them in ceiling, connected to the state's network and did cybershenanigans As you stare at the dead British Airways website, remember the hundreds of tech staff it laid off Canonical sharpens post-Unity axe for 80-plus Ubuntu spinners Windows 10 Creators Update general rollout begins with a privacy dialogue Cowardly Microsoft buries critical Hyper-V, WordPad, Office, Outlook, etc security patches in normal fixes Spotlight Apple’s premium TV plans – the hobby doomed to stay that way Speaking in Tech: Glassholes are COOL now Apple's doing it Face down in a Shoreditch gutter: Attack of the kickstarting hipster 81's 99 in 17: Still a lotta love for the TI‑99/4A – TI's forgotten classic Vinyl, filofaxes – why not us too, pleads Nokia Speaking in Tech's Greg accepts dare to moonlight as an Uber driver 'Grey technology' should be the new black To Hull with the crap town naysayers: UK Culture City's got some amazing... telecoms Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Contact us Advertise with us More content Under the hood Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Burger King’s new TV ad deliberately activates Google Home and Assistant (Update: Google shuts it down) Newsby John Callaham12 hours ago 15 305 21 Update: It looks like Google quickly caught onto Burger King’s “clever” advertisement. According to The Verge, Google Home will no longer respond when asked the specific question stated in the Burger King ad, which is “What is the Whopper burger?” Google Home will still respond with the top Wikipedia result when an actual person asks the same question, but apparently Google registered the sound clip from the ad to disable unwanted triggers. The company does the same thing in its own Google Home commercials. As it turns out, users around the world started editing the Wikipedia entry for the Whopper, adding that the burger is “cancer-causing”, “a chocolate candy”, and including ingredients like “toenail clippings” and “rat”. Wikipedia has locked the entry, allowing only authorized administrators to edit the page. Original post: In the past, we have heard about voice command-based devices that get activated accidentally when a TV show or ad triggers them. However, for the first time, a TV commercial is trying to deliberately activate these kinds of products, specifically the Google Home speaker and Google Assistant. See also: Google Assistant in Allo: The top features you should know March 8, 2017 Burger King’s ad can be found below. The idea behind the 15-second commercial is that the person in the Burger King uniform does not have the time to list all of the ingredients that go into the fast food brand’s Whopper hamburger. So the employee says at the end, “OK, Google, what is the Whopper burger?” Needless to say, if you don’t want your Google Home or Assistant to be activated, turn down the volume. If you did decide to have Home or Assistant hear the end of the ad, it would have stated the first lines from the Whopper entry on Wikipedia. According to Adweek, Google was not involved in the making of this new commercial. The ad, which was made by a Miami firm, is scheduled to run on cable TV networks like Adult Swim, History, Spike, Comedy Central, MTV, E! and Bravo. This new, and very annoying, commercial comes just a few weeks after Google suffered a black eye for a different kind of commercial linked to Home and Assistant. It ran what sounded a lot like an ad for Disney’s recent feature film Beauty and the Beast when you asked for your daily briefing. This message was quickly removed after a few hours, with the company later stating that it “wasn’t intended to be an ad”, but admitting that “we could have done better in this case”. The fact that ad companies might start to target voice command-based products like Google Home or Assistant, or perhaps other devices like Amazon’s Echo speakers, with TV commercials is certainly something we don’t want to see take off. The fact that something can just reach out and trigger a response from these kinds of products could lead to a lot of privacy concerns, not to mention the fact that it could undermine the sales of these kinds of devices. News Google Home, Google Assistant, Burger King Burger King, Google Assistant, Google Home  The Verge  Adweek John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 15 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   LG G6 International Giveaway! 4 days ago52 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports All-America Economic Survey My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 Modern Medicine Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide These tech CEOs and Googlers spend weekends racing self-driving cars at a warehouse in Oakland Harriet Taylor | @Harri8t 11 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Racing self-driving cars in Oakland    12 Hours Ago | 01:13 Once a month in a dilapidated Oakland warehouse with graffiti-filled walls, potholes and no electricity, two tech CEOs and a bunch of technologists gather to race autonomous vehicles. Big tech companies like Alphabet, Tesla, Uber and others are racing to bring self driving car technology to market. It is a market that could be worth $21 million in global sales by 2035 and more than triple to $76 million through 2035, according to analysts at ISH Markit. But these hackers and racers are strictly hobbyists. Jincheng Li | DIY Robocars Self-driving car hackers meet to build and race autonomous vehciles at a warehouse in Oakland, California Ben Morris | DIY Robocars DIY Robocars members meet up to build and race tiny autonomous cars in Oakland, California "The funny thing is half these guys actually work for Google, they just don't work for the autonomous car division," said DIY Robocars group organizer Chris Anderson, who is also the chief executive officer of drone software company 3DR, formerly 3D Robotics. Tweet One such Googler is Otavio Good, an engineer who helped create a Google app that lets users hold up a phone to some text in a foreign language -- like on a sign in a foreign country -- and see an instant translation. "He's got great computer vision skills, great artificial intelligence skills, but doesn't happen to be on the autonomous car team so this is what he does for fun," said Anderson. (Google recently spun off its autonomous car unit into a separate company called Waymo held by parent company Alphabet.) Though the technology hacked together by these weekend enthusiasts is not as sophisticated as the systems big tech companies are creating, Anderson is excited by how fast it is improving. "It's getting better faster than Google did," he said. Chris Anderson | 3DR Googler Otavio Good, Autodesk CEO Carl Bass and team at the DIY Robocars race in Northern California, April 1 2017 Smaller vehicles, similar technology Some members also race vehicles in a different event at an outdoor track at Thunderhill Raceway Park in Northern California. At these events, teams kick off the day by training the vehicles' neural networks. Then come races — just like Formula One — in the afternoon. The end of the day is reserved for "wheel-to-wheel" racing, which involves a lot of crashing and is more like a Demolition Derby than a Formula One race, he said. Most of the vehicles they race are on the small side — as small as a tenth the size of a regular car — making them cheap and disposable, said Anderson. Most are built at a cost of around $100, though there are some full size car projects that cost up to $15,000. But even the tiny cars use software and sensors that is similar to the technology used by big tech companies and well-funded startups road-testing full-sized cars, he said. Instead of doing the processing on-board, these robot cars tend to transmit the data from their sensors — cameras, sonar, lidar, radar and GPS, for instance — via Wifi to a laptop. From there, the engineers run professional-grade artificial intelligence and robotics software which controls the vehicles. All the code is open source and made available to the community. Sandra Gálvez | DIY Robocars An autonomous vehicle races around the track at a DIY Robocar race at Thunderhill Raceway Park in Northern California, April 1 2017 Amateur enthusiasts were responsible for innovation in drones, something aerospace companies — often big government contractors — were not really interested in pursuing, he said. Why shouldn't the same be true with autonomous vehicles? "We're competing with Google and Tesla — and they don't suck — so what can we possibly do as amateurs that they can't do?" he said. "We're willing to take risks that they're not willing to take and we do this largely because we don't do full size cars," said Anderson. "Because we have lowered the consequence of failure…we have also increased the pace of innovation." Tweet For his own part, Anderson partnered with Autodesk CEO Carl Bass to build and race a self-driving go-kart. "This is how both of us get our kicks on weekends," he said. "He built the electric go-kart with his sons — because he's into manufacturing — and then I did the autonomy bit." Being a human crash test dummy Autodesk's Bass was also the "crash test dummy" at one Thunderhill race on April 1, said Anderson. "All he has is a red button — the steering wheel doesn't work — and the only reason he's there is we're still at the point where you have to press the button." "Even that feels a little too scary to me," said Anderson, who prefers not to be in the hot seat. Chris Anderson | 3DR At Thunderhill, teams tested two technological approaches: Systems based on so-called neural networks modeled after the human brain and those based on computer vision. No one has ever compared different types of autonomous driving technology in head-to-head racing before, said Anderson. "The computer vision started faster but the pace of improvement was slower, whereas the neural networks started dumb but got smarter faster," he said. "Over the course of a weekend, we started to approach the best human times." "By the end of the summer we'll have beaten humans, and then what?" he added. Tweet There's also some friendly rivalry with sister organization the Self Racing Cars league, which was also there at the racetrack April 1, but racing full sized vehicles on a two mile track. "These are the hottest startups in America and not a single one finished autonomously," he said. (Some did finish using GPS, which is sort of like cheating, he said.) "Meanwhile, we're right next door and we had 10 teams finish autonomously." Chris Anderson | 3DR Harriet TaylorCNBC Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change ADSK --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
VISIT CNBC.COM VISIT CNBC.COM Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials SHOWS Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials All Shows Adventure Capitalists American Greed American Vice Billion Dollar Buyer Blue Collar Millionaires Cleveland Hustles Ground Zero Rising Jay Leno’s Garage Make Me a Millionaire Inventor The Deed The Deed: Chicago The Filthy Rich Guide The Partner The Profit The Profit in Cuba Secret Lives of the Super Rich Shark Tank Undercover Boss West Texas Investors Club Full Episodes Live Store X Careers Careers The ultimate guide to getting a job in your 20s Marguerite Ward | @forwardist 11 Hours Ago CNBC.com show chapters Kickstart your new year with this visual trick    Monday, 19 Dec 2016 | 2:48 PM ET | 01:04 SHARES If you're a young professional in the U.S., you know that getting a well-paying job in today's economy is no small feat. Some 11.5 percent of professionals between roughly age 20 to 36 are unemployed, according to the latest data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, and even more are underemployed, a lingering effect of the 2008 financial crisis. But though finding a well-paying job can be difficult, there are several strategies experts say can set you up for success. CNBC compiled the top career advice for young people from a range of experts and business leaders. Here are nine ways to get a good job in your 20s: Tom Werne/Getty Images A few strategies can help you fast-track your career in your 20s. 1. Put pen to paper and write down your career goals If you don't have a job, or don't have the job you want, try an exercise a former Google career coach says has helped hundreds of people. It's called a "mind map," according to Jenny Blake, or a visual diagram of all the areas of your life you'd like to work on. For each area of your life, write down specific actions you want to take to improve. It helps you visualize your goals and can point you to an industry are passionate about. Additionally, Google executive Peter Roper suggests creating two lists. One, a list of the companies you'd love to work for and another, a list of skills you have that make you qualified to work there. Then, research each company and email a hiring manager there. Ask if they are hiring in the area you'd like to work in and highlight your relevant experience and skills, he says. show chapters Google exec shares two easy tricks to boost your career    Friday, 24 Mar 2017 | 10:09 AM ET | 00:59 2. Make sure your resume is as polished as possible Though it may be tempting, don't send out a generic resume to companies. Recruiters will toss it in the trash. Instead, tailor your resume to highlight the experience and skills you have that best fit that specific company. It takes more time, but it boosts your chances of getting hired. Also, triple-check your resume for typos or errors. Many managers say they won't bother finishing a resume after they find a mistake. Don't be afraid to add some personality by highlighting unique skills and interests you may have, top IBM executive Harriet Green says. show chapters Your resume should highlight this one key trait    Tuesday, 4 Apr 2017 | 11:47 AM ET | 00:55 3. Create and optimize your LinkedIn profile A well-crafted page shows that you are serious about your online image and your professional job. Simple updates like adding a professional-looking photo and including your location can increase your chances of being noticed by recruiters, according to best-selling management author and CNBC contributor Suzy Welch. Data shows that profiles that include a photo are 21 times more likely to be viewed than those without one. show chapters These LinkedIn hacks will help you stand out from the crowd    Tuesday, 28 Mar 2017 | 4:11 PM ET | 01:10 "If you maximize your LinkedIn profile, you may not be looking for your next job. It could come find you," Welch tells CNBC. 4. Know your elevator pitch Business is always personal, says Brian Wong, a 26-year-old CEO whose company has secured more than $32 million in funding. "Your goal should be to get people to invest in you," he writes in his book "The Cheat Code." Nothing gets someone more interested in you and your career than a great elevator pitch. Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Alphabet, has some specific advice on how to pitch yourself. show chapters 9 career secrets a 25-year-old CEO thinks everyone should know    Friday, 23 Sep 2016 | 3:58 PM ET | 01:19 Your elevator pitch "shouldn't be a condensed version of your resume," he writes in "How Google Works." Instead, a good elevator pitch highlights the most interesting parts of your resume along with what you want to do. It also includes the impact you will have on the company and what makes you unique. 5. Get out and talk to people Sitting in front of a computer applying to online job postings all day isn't going to work, Google's Roper tells CNBC. While it's a necessary part of any job search, it shouldn't be your only strategy. Dozens of career experts and business leaders have told CNBC the same advice — go out and meet people. It could start with a well-crafted cold email, a strategy that helped Roper and numerous other entrepreneurs and professionals. Or it could be a random conversation with an acquaintance or a conversation with stranger at a networking event. show chapters Here's where you should put your nametag -- and 14 other secrets for networking    Wednesday, 21 Sep 2016 | 8:50 AM ET | 02:16 "You can't be afraid," says Adam Lyons, a young CEO who got a reply from billionaire Mark Cuban just 20 minutes after sending him a cold email. And don't forget to follow up with the people you meet, whether it's a handwritten note or an email. Like it or not, business is personal. 6. Make the most of your current situation by learning new skills or launching a side project If you aren't at your dream job, don't despair. Feeling unsatisfied at work can be part of a normal professional cycle, especially in the beginning, Blake says. Often, it means you're eager to learn or grow. Pitch a new assignment to your boss or volunteer to help on a different kind of project at work. show chapters Former Google career coach shares tips on what to do if you hate your job    Wednesday, 9 Nov 2016 | 9:00 AM ET | 01:39 Alternatively, devote more time to a hobby related to the career you want. Research shows that having a hobby reduces stress and boosts creative thinking. For example, one 24-year-old who was recently unemployed found that launching a side project not only made her happier, it helped her land her next job. 7. Present yourself in the best way possible "Like it or not, presentation matters," Wong writes. "Your brand is only as good as its presentation: How it looks, sounds and feels." Invest in a few professional wardrobe staples such as a well-fitted blazer and a good pair of work pants. And just accept this now: You can't wear leggings to work. show chapters This is the piece of professional clothing you need to invest in    Thursday, 9 Mar 2017 | 9:21 AM ET | 02:47 Barbara Corcoran, real estate mogul and judge on ABC's "Shark Tank" says she pays special attention to body language. For example, she says that every professional should make eye contact when speaking to someone. Giving your body language a boost can be as simple as adopting better posture or using more hand gestures when communicating, experts say. 8. Think about your career over a 5-year period With the daily demands workers have to manage, it's easy to become exclusively focused on the short-term. But according to Googl's Schmidt, that's an error that could be preventing you from getting the most out of your professional life. "For anything important," Schmidt says, "put it in a five year context." Billionaire and legendary investor Warren Buffett always thinks of his investments in thelong-term, and it's made him rich. Adopting the same strategy for your career, the Google executive says, can yield great returns. In fact, he has a three-step strategy to make sure you're thinking along a broad horizon. 9. Don't be afraid to take calculated risks It's easy to get into a routine of working at a mediocre job and feeling mediocre about your life. But if you want to get ahead, business leaders say you have to be willing to make a change. "If you're passionate about something, go for it," says Jennifer Hyman, CEO and co-founder of Rent the Runway. "Because people are great at what they love and when they're the happiest." One 27-year-old, for example, used all of his savings to start a snack business from his living room, not knowing whether the business was going to succeed. About a year later, he had made seven figures. show chapters Daymond John's 5 ingredients to living a successful life    Monday, 21 Nov 2016 | 4:51 PM ET | 01:09 Risk-taking has also helped big names in business advance their own careers. Having the courage to challenge her boss in a meeting helped Ursula Burns, chairwoman and former CEO of Xerox, fast-track her career. And Facebook CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg says the best business advice he ever received was to take more risks. "The luckiest people in business are those that are prepared to take the greatest risks," says Richard Branson, founder of the Virgin Group. "We can all create our own luck by taking the necessary risks to open the door to change, progression and success." Check out the career advice leadership expert and best-selling author Suzy Welch says she wishes she knew in her 20s show chapters This incredibly powerful tool can save your business and career    Friday, 7 Apr 2017 | 5:21 PM ET | 01:25 Video by Andrea Kramar. Marguerite WardReporter, CNBC Make It Primetime Shows Watch full episodes | TV schedule To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 58 Plus 1 on G+ 259 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares382 News Videos Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Always-listening voice assistants, like Google Now/Assistant or Alexa, can't really tell the difference between you talking and someone else (unless you have Trusted Voice enabled on Android). Maybe you've watched a few tech videos where someone said "Ok Google," and your phone started talking back. Burger King seems to be the first company to purposely trigger Google Now/Assistant in a television ad. In the below video, a Burger King employee says "Ok Google, what is the whopper burger," right before the ad ends: As mentioned above, turning on Trusted Voice on your Android devices gets around this, but the Google Home has no such option. Searching Google Trends for "what is the whopper burger" shows a graph of Burger King's victims: If you wanted to be funny and edit the Whopper page on Wikipedia to say something else, the page has already been locked due to vandalism. It also looks like someone from Burger King changed the page immediately before rolling out the ad to list the ingredients at the top (which has since been reverted). Let us know in the comments below if you've seen the ad on TV. Source: Buzzfeed Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Google disabled the voice command for Burger King's commercial 😂😂 (it previously worked) pic.twitter.com/xDWF4wDS1Z — Niv Dror (@Nivo0o0) April 12, 2017 End of Update Tags burger king google assistant google now google search hotword OK Google okay google video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon Galaxy Note5 and S6 edge+ receiving Android 7.0 Nougat updates ... Next Story Qualcomm ordered to pay out nearly a billion dollars to BlackBerry over royalty dispute Trending 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments TechGuy22 ah Sup Hah. That's actually quite smart. MJ Pissing off potential customers is smart? Nicholas C They will get tons of free attention from this. So yea. Sup People get pissed off so easily :/ EowynCarter Well, yeah, I don't like ads. So intrusive ad like this tends to get the opposite effect. MisterAlex If I'd theoretically been watching cable television (which I don't subscribe to) and this ad came on and triggered my phone and/or Home, I'd be far more amused than irritated. And it's not like Google would have ever let it last long, anyway. Impulse_Vigil It's amusing for all of 5s, sets a bad precedent and encourages a drove of similar stunts tho. Ryan Johnson Yeah what a shame that people get pissed off from having some advertisement take advantage of their devices to read marketing BS at them. Not to mention editing & hassling Wikipedia to have the first paragraph say what they want. Everyone already knows what the Whopper is anyway AndroidUser00110001 Funny... Kieron Quinn In before someone really good at SEO makes a site which takes over the card read out by the Home to say something against BK Kieron Quinn Or, as it's been done before, simply edit the wikipedia page at the right time so the spider resets the text to say it Corbin Davenport The Whopper page is already edit locked. Kieron Quinn Shame. Will have to be an elaborate SEO trick then My1 it's semi-locked only though. meaning only registered members can edit iirc. Pessimippopotamus Google Home needs trained voice recognition like yesterday. the_secret The article does mention "trusted voice" can be enabled, like today! Suicide_Note Not on Google Home devices it can't. EcE Reading and comprehension is hard. nxtiak Trusted voice is only on phones. UniBroW Beta product is Beta ilovetesla this is not stupid , its smart guys EcE It's bullshit. MisterAlex No, it's brilliant. It is obvious from the onset that the voice response would be disabled on the back-end by Google—so it would, at worst, be a nuisance for Home owners for a very brief time. But we're all watching the video and discussing it. This very short, very low-budget video has more than done its job. EcE Sure, it got people talking about it but I'm sure everyone who got caught off guard by it went running to their nearest BK. Marcelove If you are an idiot, then sure it is bullshit. EcE aaaaand blocked Powsniffer0110 Wahhh JD Stupid like a fox. Kwetsima Maluleke Hmm. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd13dabd7f3d4c34cb64cf739e07667abaae63d75d00f8bde0825356ec5533c0.png Dallas King https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9e0913e1541e50871ddd3c59f560aa29f35950c5071a10e04a0b71e1f539d4e6.jpg MJ It should be illegal (but it is not nor will ever be) and Google should do something about it? The only thing they can do and should do is allow owners to change the activation phase or enable Trusted Voice on the Android Home. David Brideau LOLLLLL! mondeca Thank goodness I always fast-forward through commercials. deprofeet Brilliant... mondeca Of course this triggered an edit war on the Wikipedia page for the Whopper. JD Soon all commercials will just be "Ok Google, tell me about x" Syukri Lajin should we blame them? or Google's suck-ass voice recognition? ilovetesla turning on trusted voice is the only way out of this issue but AP says home doesnt support trusted voice Biff Wonsley Another way is to let us change the Google in OK Google to Jarvis, Beavis, Nadine, whatever. Google deserves this for not letting us customize. ilovetesla saying OK Google sucks, custom trigger voices must be made zurcaled11 This is an evolution of the Google Home Beauty and the Beast ad. Google definitely is in on it. And unfortunately it makes me want the Google Home less. demarcmj Google was not "in on it" (per the source article) But I agree stuff like this only makes me less interested in a Google Home (even though my interest level was very low to begin with). zurcaled11 You are right, the update to the article definitely makes it clear Google was not OK with it. If you want ads pushed through Google Home, you apparently have to go through Google! demarcmj Very interesting. They moved pretty fast on that. Andy J As they should of, this ad was harmless - but the next one - might not be. And as people often leave the room during adverts - a lot of people wouldn't necessarily be there to witness it adding a calendar entry or adding something to a shopping list - or further into the future - record "exciting new program" on Thursday. John Samuel αΩ It was only a matter of time. Michael Crider Quarter-pound beef patty, lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, mayo, ketchup, sesame seed bun. Bullshit you can't tell me that in 15 seconds. ilovetesla laziness at its best Brandon David Obert Isn't that a Big.... You know what never mind ilovetesla r u the real Michael Crider Michael Crider No, I kidnapped him and put him in a well in my basement and now I'm wearing his skin. ilovetesla i knew it...calling 108 ....wait ...i cant do it accessing ur disqus profile throws a 404 paxmos OK Google, what happened to Michael Crider? Carson Saldanha Nope, he's an imposter using polyjuice potion ilovetesla why dot you have the AP staff badge near your disqus name your companions artem and jeff has them Michael Crider I don't work here anymore. ilovetesla nnnnnnooooooo.....i didnt know that man........ roberto.elena Don't ex-cops get ex-cops' badges? Michael Crider I wish I could customize them but Disqus only lets one site have one badge. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Wow man..just like that? No farewell post nothing? You sir were one of my fav AP writers, even when you clearly had a different political alignment (like that matters...or does it?). Anyways all the best for your future endeavours. P.S. I would just like to take this opportunity while I can to express my sincere apologies for a reply I once posted under an article of yours covering the FBI app for most wanted criminals. I kinda photoshopped your profile pic and name in the screenshot for the app just for fun.. It got deleted instantly making me realise that maybe I shouldn't have(?) But I assure you it was just for fun, no disrespect intended. Well, so long. Powsniffer0110 He had a farewell article I thought. Jay Burger King's face right now. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a81da022eefe3eb5833231aa2593041d2bc8f33bbecb98f3e2dcba6e83e2d85d.jpg DJ SPY Haha this is pretty funny. Is it too much to ask for you guys to have a sense of humor? Why call it stupid? JSo It activates my phone but it tells me it can't recognize my voice. So they didn't get a search from me. Orlando aka Pixel XL Burger King use to be decent.... Syukri Lajin Oh look. an update. Whataburger must be enjoying those free advertising it's getting now. ROFL. this got me thinking, will they keep breaking the search results until it stops promoting a company? or will they actually fix it? lol Matt74UK Stupid? I think that was a rather amusing idea. I prefer the Big King to the Whopper though. mark555055d hmm, now the guy in the commercial can no longer use his Google home. :) Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Nah, all he needs is a helium balloon.. Ryan If only Google had allowed us to define our own activation phrases. NunjaBusiness I have been asking for that ever since the first iteration. I want so badly to say to my phone: "Bitch, what is the weather going to be tomorrow?" Adam Margeson I think that, if not for Trusted Voice, you would end up activating several people's devices given that were an option. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yet another reason why I'm glad I don't have Google Home or "Ok Google" enabled on my phone. Now, if he says "Alexa wikipedia whopper burger" next time, then I'd be in trouble. Тарас Мукин Well, the idea of putting "OK Google" in the commercial was pretty obvious. And to be honest — this is a really good execution. Clear and simple. I understand that it pisses people off, and I think I would be pissed too, but this is a good ad — executed good and works good (well, at leas worked until Google stepped in) Leahelm Thank goodness Google stepped up, hope BK and everyone else learns stuff like this is obnoxious. tim242 Google Home is obnoxious... Leahelm Lucky for you then you don't have to buy one Nogib Random aside: how is it that Amazon's TV ads don't trigger my Echo when they say "Alexa"? MisterAlex Amazon controls bot their own commercials and the back-end for Alexa search... so I'm guessing they make sure to put in exceptions to prevent talking to themselves. Sir_Brizz This, plus there are a few tricks that you can use to avoid this like checking for a specific background tone. Leonardo Baez Is a shit$# move from burger king.... But genius one as well. JD NO ONE CAN ADVERTISE IN CHEEKY FASHION EXCEPT US! - Google. Francois Roy Believe it or not, those Google bad foks disabled the command in Assistant, but NOT in OG Google Now!! XD Mike Miller The case could be made that this is already illegal and Burger King broke the law. Technically, it is an intentional and unauthorized use of someone else's personal device. I mean, it would be a ridiculous case, but the case could be made. MisterAlex Nah. You consent to too much "okay, I'm letting this thing listen to the world" fine print for that to ever hold water. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Burger King burgers are terrible. saimin Who is more evil? Burger King or Pepsi or United Airlines or Sean Spicer? tim242 United Airlines, Google, Sean Spicer, Pepsi...in that order. Notice, I added one and subtracted one. Max Johnson Out of all of those, I would say the diabetes inducing brand. Marcelove I don't usually call people bad names, but this article has a level of stupidity that is impossible to avoid: Corbin, do you only sucks Google's dick or you allow him to put in your ass too? It is Google's responsability that the device is being triggered by the commercial... So stop being a pussy trying to blame Burger King instead your boss (Google's ads paying AP). Following your thoughts, if you install Philip's lights at home and let Google Home control it, and a commercial is launched on tv about the lights, showing how it works , where a actor says the commands, making the lights at your home be changed, it is the maker of the ad responsible for this situation, and not Google... Typical case of someone trying to "blame the others", instead of blaming the real responsible for something that you don't like because the real responsible has some relation with you... Sir_Brizz WTFH? Of course it would be the ad maker's fault in your example. The ad creator acted in bad faith. I personally know I could probably activate all kinds of smart home commands through a TV commercial including turning on/off sprinklers, locking/unlocking doors, turning on/off lights, fireplaces, opening garages, etc. I don't do that because it would damage my reputation and brand to act in bad faith in that way. That's also why this commercial is so stupid. What does it do other than damage Burger King's reputation and brand? There is probably a higher than average chance that people who own devices this would activate already know what a "Whopper burger" is so it doesn't increase brand awareness. Best case scenario, you mildly piss people off. Not a great best case. Honestly, why would you even start to blame Google for this? They could do the same thing with Alexa or anything else. Makes you wonder why they specifically targeted Google devices. james fuston Still happening on my Google Home Andy J That's odd - it's been blacklisted on Google's end - doesn't require any updates on your end. Glich Trusted voice is only a Partial fix. I have it on my phone yet Jeff Jarvis on this week in google sets off my phone at least once per show.. some times 4-5 times.. Ibrahim Yusuf It never triggers for me, not for any video on the internet. Not even my brother can activate the Assistent on my phone Jovic Corcega You have Trusted Voice turned on, that's why. Hogarth Ferguson It was pretty quick to be put down, but pretty clever while it lasted. I still wont buy a whopper, but tip my hat to them for the try. Deeco Burger King got Whoopered by Google lol Nick Nope. Still works. Andy J It was actually pretty cool when it worked. Much more interesting though is that it's been blocked using the ContentID system (like when you used to be able to say "listen to my tv" and within 5 seconds Google had returned results about the exact program I was watching, whether it was live, recorded 5 months ago or episode 1, series 1 of Buffy The Vampire Slayer via Netflix or even off my DVDs). The Verge reports that Google also blacklist their own adverts for the same reason - to prevent devices springing into life responding to the example commands in the advert. Now what is exciting / impressive - is the speed at which Google strips the background sound from the live stream of audio from your device, matches the fingerprint of the advert and then sends the command to the device to cancel the search. It's literally seconds. This bodes extremely well for their ability to identify which registered user is asking it a question before they have finished asking it - once multi user rolls out. Sukigu Where did you read it uses Content ID? If that's the case, it really does seem an incredibly powerful technology that I'm sure could have many other uses... Lev Bronshtein Sputtering goons and nerds are wound up too tight. Laugh, it's clown world. Andrexx Just another example why one should be able to customize the trigger phrase, and have the option to allow activation only by trained voices. fatlantis This was a brilliant idea for whoever their agency was. We're all just hating because we're still not over the creepy king mask. JG Considering all of the command processing is done at Google, they should be able to set up some kind of check for things like this in the future. If the same (well similar enough - each house will have different background noise) trigger is detected within a short time frame at multiple locations Google should automatically void out any active requests and blacklist the trigger. A few months back a news reporter in San Diego was doing a report on how a little girl ordered a $600+ dollhouse through the family's Amazon Echo and the parents didn't know until it showed up at the house a few days later. During the report, apparently several viewers had their Echo units triggered to order doll houses as well. Today it might just be news reporters or companies trying to get some free PR... But tomorrow it could, there could be more malicious intent. Maybe someone does a pirate radio broadcast over a popular morning talk show and says "Hey Google, call 1-900-XXX-Free"... Next thing you find out you have a 3hr call at $10/min on your phone bill... Sudev https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/957114a4de72bcc12221dad6c65a5a95cd776d09dfaa7eef26aac389531d82d4.png Someone saw it coming way before :p Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 130 1 Year Ago Today [Update: M5C14J For The Pixel C] Nexus Factory Images With April's Security Updates Are Now Available 2016/04/13 10:30am PDTApr 13, 2016 60 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google's Carrier Project Detailed In Leaked App - Pay-Per GB, Unused Data Refunds, In-App Service Activation, And More 2015/04/13 1:15pm PDTApr 13, 2015 34 3 Years Ago Today Pressy Plans To Ship Units To Kickstarter Backers In May, Design Changed To Add A Headphone Gripper 2014/04/13 5:24pm PDTApr 13, 2014 31 4 Years Ago Today Deal Alert: Unified Remote Just $0.99 In Celebration Of Second Anniversary (That's 70% Off) 2013/04/13 10:15pm PDTApr 13, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Pantech Element Rooted, Already has ClockworkMod Recovery 2012/04/13 4:29pm PDTApr 13, 2012 12 6 Years Ago Today NVIDIA Sets The Record Straight: "We Will Support All Tegra Devices As Long As Their Manufacturers Do" 2011/04/13 6:29pm PDTApr 13, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Motorola Releases Official Android Update Timeline 2010/04/13 9:09pm PDTApr 13, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 100 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 33 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.461s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google Home can track flight prices for you Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | April 12, 2017 1 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0               Google Home is learning a new trick today. Google has announced that Google Home can now track flight prices for you. Simply ask something like “How much are flights to New York City in three weeks?” and Google Home will keep an eye on the price for you. Google will then offer to send you email price updates on the cheapest flights for those dates. Someone’s wedding became your mini vacay. You say the place, we’ll track the price. #GoogleAssistant #GoogleHome https://t.co/f1ZGW4MI6j pic.twitter.com/MuoUBDK8kD — Made by Google (@madebygoogle) April 12, 2017 Tracking the prices of flights isn’t a totally new feature for Google, as Google Flights has offered price tracking for some time. Still, this is a new trick for Google Home, and it can be more convenient to just shout something at your Google Home rather than opening up your computer, navigating to Google Flights, and then entering your info to track prices. Do you have a Google Home? If so, how often do you use it? Source:  Google Android Google Previous ArticleBurger King tried to hijack the Google Home with new Whopper ad Next ArticleGalaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ receiving Android 7.0 Nougat on AT&T, Verizon Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Google's AutoDraw: A future feature for messaging? Burger King tried to hijack the Google Home with new Whopper ad Moto Z2 reportedly shown off in new image leak View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A30 Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel GO FLIP Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung ANS H450R Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Avail Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG G6 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K20 plus LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG Phoenix 3 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Risio LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spree LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Stylo 3 LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Polaroid A4 Polaroid A5 Polaroid A6 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 6GB AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Unlimited AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited AT&T Unlimited Choice AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Plus AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $11 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $125 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $13 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Prepaid T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 2GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 6GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data $50 TeltikOne Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus International Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Mobile Caring TPO Mobile Gentle TPO Mobile Hero TPO Mobile Infinity TPO Mobile Kind TPO Mobile Noble TPO Mobile North America TPO Mobile People's TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 1000 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 500 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby Unlimited Talk and Text U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB334MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB834MB900MB938MB2083MB1250MB1667MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Apple iPad (2017) Unboxing and First Look Beau Hamilton 1 week 7 hours ago 4 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 2 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Impressions! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 3 hours ago 1 shares 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Samsung Galaxy S8 Impressions! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 6 hours ago 8 shares 2 5 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 (RED) iPhone: Should you buy or donate? Marco Hanna 2 weeks 3 days ago 12 shares 4 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG V20 4 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 3 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 2 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: One Year Later 9 shares 2 5 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 Android 7.0 Nougat on OnePlus 3T 10 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 2 2 1 Best Tech of January 2017! 13 shares 10 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG V20 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ AT&T adding free HBO to its Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ US Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Samsung Gear S3 Classic with 4G AT&T GoPhone unlimited data AT&T announces LG G6 launch Sprint News Sprint LG G6 will be 50 percent Sprint launching new Unlimited Sprint reportedly ending half-off Cell Phone Deals April 2017 Digest Sprint announces Galaxy S8 launch Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Sprint Direct 2 You phone setup T-Mobile News ZTE Quartz official, sub-$200 T-Mobile LG G6 buyers can get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive now includes T-Mobile Onesie is a high-tech, Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ US T-Mobile launches a trio of new T-Mobile adds AppleCare to JUMP! Verizon Wireless Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ Cell Phone Deals April 2017 Digest Verizon to test new AppFlash Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ US Verizon HTC 10 receiving Android Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Samsung Gear S3 Classic with 4G PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Close menu News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Lifestyles Community Bulletin Board Youth Sports Business Health Opinion Entertainment Celebrity News Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Contact Us Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Lifestyles Community Bulletin Board Youth Sports Business Health Opinion Entertainment Celebrity News Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Contact Us Business Home > Business Google refutes charges, says there is no gender pay gap Barbara Ortutay, AP Technology Writer Leave a comment 11 reads This Oct. 20, 2015, file photo, shows a sign outside Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif.  (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) NEW YORK (AP) — Google said it’s “taken aback ” by the government’s claim that it doesn’t compensate women fairly. The company said it conducts “rigorous analyses” that its pay practices are gender-blind and found “no gender pay gap” in 52 major job categories it analyzed last year. Google added that analysts who calculate suggested pay don’t have access to employees’ gender data. Google also said that beyond gender pay equity, the company recently expanded the analysis to cover race in the U.S. as well. The U.S. Department of Labor had accused Google of shortchanging women doing similar work to men, saying it found “systemic compensation disparities” across the company’s workforce. Google responded in a blog post Tuesday that the department’s assertion “came without any supporting data or methodology.” The company said it had already produced hundreds of thousands of documents in response to 18 separate requests, and the government is seeking thousands more, including contact details of employees. The department had no comment, saying the case is ongoing. The difference between Google’s and the Labor Department’s claims might come down to how each side defines pay discrimination, Tim Worstall, a fellow at the Adam Smith Institute in London, wrote in a recent post for Forbes. “Google is using a strict definition of ‘same job’ to find no gender pay gap. The Department of Labor is using a looser definition of ‘similar job’ to find that there is one,” he wrote. “Who you think is right here is entirely up to you but that’s where the disagreement is.” Also On New Pittsburgh Courier: Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 22 photos Launch gallery Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 1. Chris Rock 1 of 22 2. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend 2 of 22 3. Sylvester Stallone & His Wife 3 of 22 4. Pharrell Williams 4 of 22 5. Kerry Washington 5 of 22 6. Rachel McAdams and Michael B. Jordan 6 of 22 7. Mindy Kaling 7 of 22 8. Andra Day 8 of 22 9. The Weeknd 9 of 22 10. Kevin Hart (R) with fiancee Eniko Parrish 10 of 22 11. Common 11 of 22 12. Priyanka Chopra 12 of 22 13. Lady Gaga 13 of 22 14. Whoopi Goldberg 14 of 22 15. Sofia Vergara 15 of 22 16. Dorith Mous 16 of 22 17. Robin Roberts 17 of 22 18. Leonardo DiCaprio 18 of 22 19. Brie Larson 19 of 22 20. Charlize Theron 20 of 22 21. Olivia Wilde 21 of 22 22. Jennifer Lawrence 22 of 22 Skip ad Continue reading Google refutes charges, says there is no gender pay gap Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. × Like What You See? Sign Up for New Pittsburgh Courier's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Get It On Your Doorstep Most Popular Stellar Awards on TV One Cousin of 16-year-old Penn Hills shooting victim speaks, says Deven was “Fun Loving” (VIDEO) The life and achievements of Martin Luther King Jr. CYF work more than just a job Breaking News: PA House Votes to Restore Mandatory Minimum Prison Sentences (VIDEO) Why are Black Republicans afraid to speak out? Get Informed! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Articles l l What is Game Mode in the Windows 10 Creators Update? What’s New in Windows 10’s Creators Update Can My Internet Provider Really Sell My Data? How Can I Protect Myself? How to Find Great Games for Your Low-Power PC or Laptop Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Force Any Android App Into Fullscreen Immersive Mode (Without Rooting) By Michael Crider on April 12th, 2017 Google released an Android version of Chrome in 2012, and have never bothered to give it a fullscreen mode. If you’re tired of waiting on your favorite Android app to offer fullscreen, there’s a way to do it yourself with Immersive Mode. Come on Google, I’ve literally been begging you for years! There’s just no reason not to give us a fullscreen mode. There are ways to do this with third-party apps like Tasker, but assuming you’ll always want to keep a specific app in fullscreen, there’s a faster and more practical way to do it using only the Android debug bridge (ADB) desktop tool. What You’ll Need To follow the steps in this article, you’ll need the following: An Android phone or tablet running version 4.4 (KitKat) or later A PC running Windows, macOS, or Linux A USB cable Step One: Enable USB debugging Before you begin, you’ll need to enable USB-based debugging on your phone if you haven’t already. Open the main Settings menu. Tap “About Phone,” and then tap the “Build Number” entry seven times. Yes, really. On some phones the “About Phone” entry may be somewhere else in the Settings menu, but if you poke around you should be able to find it. When you see the popup notification that says “You are now a developer,” press the Back button and you’ll see a new option in the main Settings Menu: “Developer Options.” Tap “Developer Options,” and inside you’ll find the “USB debugging” option under the Debugging heading. Enable it, and then tap “OK.” Step Two: Install the Android SDK and ADB RELATED ARTICLE How to Install and Use ADB, the Android Debug Bridge Utility If you haven’t messed around with your phone much, you probably don’t have the Android Debug Bridge installed on your PC yet. If not, you can follow this handy guide on how to get it up and running. Make sure you have the USB driver for your phone installed as well. Once you’re done with the installation, come back here and continue to the next step. Step Three: Find Your App’s APK Name In order to manually adjust an app’s settings in ADB, you’ll need to know its exact application file name, or APK name. Unfortunately, Android doesn’t make it easy to find that out with default tools. But there is an easy way to get the information on your desktop. Open any web browser and go to the Google Play Store at play.google.com. Click on “Apps” in the left-hand column, then “My Apps.” This give you a list of all the Android apps you’ve installed through the Play Store. Click the app you want. If you can’t find it immediately, you can click the “All Apps” button beneath the Search bar to narrow it down to only apps installed on one device. When you’ve reached the desired app’s Play Store page, take a look at the web address in the browser URL bar. After the “id=” identifier tag, the address will show the APK name of the app. In our example (Chrome for Android), the full address is: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.android.chrome And the APK name we’re looking for is “com.android.chrome.” Make a note of your app’s APK name before continuing. Step Four: Verify Your Device Connection with ADB Next, you’ll need to open Command Prompt (in Windows) or Terminal (in macOS) and navigate to a folder named “platform-tools” where your Android SDK is installed. In Windows, you’ll find it at the following location: /users/your username/AppData/Local/Android/sdk/platform-tools In macOS, it’s located at: /Users/your username/Library/Android/SDK/platform-tools Plug your phone or tablet into the computer with your USB cable. Depending on your phone model, you may need to confirm the ADB connection on the phone itself with a pop-up message. At the prompt, type the following text and hit Enter adb devices If you see a single device line under the ADB device command, you’re ready to go. If you don’t see any devices listed, double-check that your phone or tablet is connected and that you have the drivers installed. Go ahead and leave the prompt open because you’re going to have to enter another command shortly. Step Six: Choose Your Immersive Mode There are three different kinds of fullscreen modes we can use with the immersive command. immersive.full: hides the status bar on top of the screen and the navigation bar on the bottom, if your phone uses virtual navigation buttons. This is what most people want when they think of a fullscreen app. immersive.status: hides only the status bar on top. immersive.navigation: hides only the navigation bar on the bottom. Immersive.full (left), immersive.status (center), and immersive.navigation (right) Choose which mode you want to use before continuing. Don’t worry, you can apply the command below multiple times if you change your mind. Step Six: Apply the Command Next, type the following text at the prompt, substituting the app name you found in Step Three after the = sign. I’ve used Chrome as my example here, but you can swap out the APK name with any other. adb shell settings put global policy_control immersive.full=com.android.chrome This particular command enables fullscreen version of Immersive Mode for the Chrome app. To hide only the status bar or navigation bar, use the immersive.status or immersive.nagivation commands, respectively. Press Enter to execute the command. That’s it! From now on, Chrome on your phone (or any other app you input) will run in fullscreen mode. You can unplug your phone and try it now: simply swipe up or down from the bottom or top of the screen (or the side in horizontal mode) to show the navigation buttons or status bar. If you ever want to change the app back to its standard operation mode, simply repeat these steps, but substitute this command in Command Prompt or Terminal (again, using the APK name for your app): adb shell settings put global policy_control immersive.off=com.android.chrome This method should work with all standard Android devices, but some manufacturers may have modified the mobile operating system to the point where the commands aren’t valid. If it doesn’t work immediately on your phone or tablet, try unplugging your phone and plugging it back in—the ADB and driver connection can sometimes be finicky. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Michael Crider has been covering technology on the web since 2011. His interests include folk music, football, science fiction, and salsa verde, in no particular order. He wrote a novel called Good Intentions: A Supervillain Story, and it's available on Amazon. You can follow him on Twitter if you want. Published 04/12/17 DID YOU KNOW? Although now extinct, the American Lion (whose territory extended over most of North America and down into South America) was roughly 25 percent bigger than the African Lion. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK What’s the Best Antivirus for Windows 10? (Is Windows Defender Good Enough?) How to Make a Taskbar Icon for Any Website on a Chromebook How to Track Your Windows 10 PC or Tablet If You Ever Lose It How to Send and Receive Faxes Online Without a Fax Machine or Phone Line How to Upgrade a Linux Dual-Boot System to Windows 10 How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs How to Make the Most of a Windows 8.1 Tablet’s Limited Storage Space 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac Which Roku Should I Buy? Express vs. Stick vs. Premier vs. Ultra Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Opinion Readers React Poll: Scrapping of online privacy law is fair play or just unfair? Online privacy rights U-T     (U-T) U-T Letters and Andrew KleskeContact ReportersReader Outreach Editor Should internet providers be allowed to sell information about their customers' browsing habits? Regarding “What we do online is our own business” (April 10): Google and Facebook have been tracking and sharing our browsing history with whoever for years, and being large contributors to Barack Obama, were permitted to get away with our information. Do not kid yourself on this. Companies such as Comcast, Verizon, AT&T and others were not granted the same information-sharing freedoms from the Obama administration. With the exception of Apple, all of these companies make a lot of their money on our browsing history, and when only two are singled out as winners, our government is blatantly in violation. Don’t get me wrong, I do not favor more intrusion into my computer life, so I will take appropriate safeguards to protect my usage. The point here is Donald Trump is not the villain. This is just the implementation of fairness. It is called free enterprise. Michael Ginesi Oceanside * * * Michael Ginesi’s assessment of the changes to internet privacy rules misses the mark on a fundamental point. Google, Facebook and many other sites have been collecting and using our data and internet usage for a long time. They are content providers that a user chooses to visit. If I fear that Google is abusing with my privacy, I can avoid Google. However I cannot avoid using an ISP if I want to access the internet. Letters and commentary policy The U-T welcomes and encourages community dialogue on important public matters. Please visit this page for more details on our letters and commentaries policy. You can email letters@sduniontribune.com or leave a comment below. A parallel is the local phone/cell company. We would never allow them to listen to our calls to collect our information for their profit. The distinction is clear: ISPs and web sites are totally different. It is reasonable that the rules that apply to them should differ to account for their differing roles and responsibilities. Larry Colton San Diego Want to see more letters that appear only online? Follow @UTLetters on Twitter and UTOpinion on Facebook. --- Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune SD Almanac Most Popular Today's Paper Sports Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 62°
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Stuck Pixel: How Google is dropping the ball with its "consumer" phone strategy (opinion) Trevor Newman View All Posts 2017/04/10 12:08pm PDTApr 10, 2017 75 Plus 1 on G+ 141 Share on Facebook 66 Share on Twitter Total Shares282 Editorials News Pixel Pixel XL Videos I admit it. I am a Google fanboy. It’s not that I love Google at the exclusion of any other company. I appreciate the merits of Apple’s business model as well as the thoughtful design of Microsoft's Surface devices. However, there’s something about that #4885ed Google Blue that spices up my life more so than #3b5998 Facebook Blue could ever do. Is it bias? Considering I am legally color blind, the answer is an affirmative yes. However, this bias has not blinded me to the fundamental difference between a company like Google and one like Apple. At Apple, the customer - the revenue generator - is you and me, the consumer. Though many of their decisions may be viewed as anti-consumer (e.g. the #donglelife), much can be said about their comparatively strong customer service as well as the fact that a part of the “Apple Tax” for their products goes toward the maintenance of brick and mortar facilities to which you can bring a broken device and receive a repair or replacement on the spot. On the other hand we have Google, and Google has customers, too. But those customers are neither you nor me. Google’s lifeblood is advertising, and the essential nutrient for ads is data - our data. We the consumers are not Google’s customers. Rather, we are batteries that power Google’s cash advertising engine. While this information is probably not new to most of you, nor is it to me, it helps to explain why Google can't successfully sell a product to save its life (which, at the moment, it has no need to do). Google’s inability to make a successful play in the consumer space is no more apparent than with the Pixel. Google’s first attempt at a “true” Google Phone (R.I.P Nexus) has been a success, but one with reservations. The Pixel is a solid phone. So is the OnePlus 3T. Sure the OP3T lacks the Pixel’s camera, but it is otherwise decent and happens to cost $400 less than a comparable Pixel XL - and is generally available for purchase, which the Pixel most certainly is not. Let’s also just pause for a minute to acknowledge the tone-deaf hubris of charging $30 for a poorly-made clear plastic case. Sure Apple charges Pixel prices, but if my iPhone is defective I can go to an Apple Store, get a replacement on the spot, and have some peace of mind that the extra expense went to maintaining this store and the general customer service model. With Google, the extra cost goes to the bottom line and maybe a month-long replacement process of ‘ship and pray’ with buggy refurbished replacements and full-price holds on my credit card. In my mind, the Nexus program was much truer to Google's “essence.” Nexus users, of which I was one, were willing batteries, providing our data, input, and patience to Google with the promise of reasonably priced hardware, decent specifications, a clean Android experience, and quick updates in return. Granted, despite the aforementioned caveats and the niche market, some of the shortfalls of the Nexus program were simply unacceptable by any standard for a product marketed and sold to consumers. Now we have the Pixel poseur masquerading as the poster child for a Google that cares about the consumer. While the software experience has been generally solid and bugs are being more regularly acknowledged and addressed, the high price, lack of new stock, and sorry replacement process show the pig under the lipstick. Google is still using us to acquire data on product demand and how much people value - in cash - a clean Android experience and quick updates. Once they have our data, we consumers are left holding the bag with a bitter taste in our mouths. Before I get too far down this rabbit hole I must remind myself that I am not the customer, and that I still admire Google for its pie in the sky curiosity and drive to experiment like the Bell Labs of old. So why as a consumer do I continue to throw my money at a lover who could care less? Because I am a fanboy and because, I guess, being Google Blue is better than being some other kind of blue. Tags editorial google pixel op-ed opinion pixel video subscribe ... Previous Story Google now shows 'Similar Items' shopping links on select image searches ... Next Story Updated Android 7.1.2 factory and full OTA images (build NHG47K) available for Verizon's Pixel ... Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments David Ruddock Hey everyone, welcome Trevor - he's going to be writing columns for AP (hopefully one a week, at least), and this is his first post. Try not to be too hard on him... I guess. Cory S That goes against everything the comments section stands for though. Marilyndivey Google is paying $97 per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !ft224c: On monday I got a great new mclaren f1 from having earned $12778 this last four weeks.. 3 to 5 hours of work a day... Weekly paychecks... Bonus opportunities...Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ft224c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs664MarketSociety/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!ft224c:....,........ elchuby YOU try not to be too hard on him. Bob I'm glad that he took the first step... Admission is key. Mike O Trevor's the New Man... hrhrhr. (Bet he never heard that before...) Tomáš Petrík For anyone clueless as me, go check his name. AJKahn A very brave pick for the first post. Guess I'm going to be looking forward for your "hopefully weekly" columns, Trevor (most likely not the one from GTA V). MrDrWho13 Is this the guy you hired after that ad? Was this the article which got him the place? I quite like this writing style. VAVAMk_2 We wouldn't be giving him the warm welcome to AP if we weren't hard on him ;) dcdttu "...couldn't care less" abc Any writer whose first post on this site is criticism of Google (especially the Pixel), gets my support! A brave man. Michael Oghia It was a great read, I enjoyed his writing style! Indian Yes we guessed him to be the new man by reading his name, Trevor "Newman" Marcie Mtz Good article...But it's "couldn't care less". chromaniac I have owned the Nexus One, Galaxy Nexus, Nexus S, Nexus 5 and the Nexus 7. I am currently using the Nexus 6P. And I am now waiting for Nokia 9 to replace the Nexus. I never considered getting the Pixel and I am not looking forward to Pixel 2. Google can continue targeting the iPhone user base. I am out. 2×4 oneplus is the new nexus chromaniac Yup. Would have bought the 3T already if Nokia had not arrived on the scene. I recommend 3T to anyone looking for a great phone at reasonable price. Might end up getting the 3T or 4 (when it launches) if Nokia fails to impress. Suicide_Note http://gifsec.com/wp-content/uploads/GIF/2014/08/Funny-laugh-laughing-no-no-way-Not-ok-GIF.gif Corbin Davenport Except when it comes to updates. http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/04/07/oneplus-silent-nougat-oneplus-2-oneplus-x-owners-pissed/ 2×4 OnePlus X can't get Nougat -- it runs a msm8974 OnePlus 2 could. still a better track record than most other OEMs Kevin Sauer Why though? Is it the price? FWIW I can't think of a phone I've loved more than the Pixel and I've tried more than a few, including the 6P. chromaniac Price is of course the biggest issue. Since the launch Google has a permanent 10-15% cashback offer through one route or the other. Even after that most variants are still pricier than S7 Edge. I cannot justify spending this much money on a phone. Devices like 3T are selling for half the price so it would make it even harder to sell it the next year at even 30% of the original cost. Not for me. I have no complaints though. I am no longer the target market for Google and it's perfectly OK. Competition is getting better and better. OnePlus has not sorted out software updates properly. Nokia just might fix that issue as well. Plus they have a history of coming out with phones with brilliant cameras so that part could also be solved with a high end Nokia device. Gotta love Android. Nexus was great. I do not really have to go for Pixel as excellent alternatives exist today. TheCarlosFontes Agreed. I still can't get over my Pixel XL experience. I bought the phone, didn't add insurance, and then found out I couldn't add insurance afterwards. I was never advised! I return my Pixel XL (Really Blue) to Google and when I go to order it again WITH insurance.. it's sold out. Now, who knows how long before it's back in stock. And what happens to the phone I bought? It was in perfect condition, in a case, for maybe 3 days. I can't imagine Google is just going to take that kind of loss on a phone. Are they selling refurbished devices as new? Jay Pixel sold out. Pixel XL 128GB sits in never-ending backorder land. It's been over 6 fucking months, Google. Get your and your partner's shit together​. K thanks.. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Have you seen all the comments (on this and other web sites) about people who are on their 3rd or 4th Pixel? Replacing bad phones takes priority over making new ones, I guess. So you'll just have to wait. Which makes me wonder about how many of those 2 million shipped since launch are just replacements... Jay I have just now, yes. I actually returned my Pixel XL due to constant bootlooping. 😕 I've wanted to go back to it but I'm sad to say that this wait to buy another has gotten tiring... and old. Very old. That, and the price staying the same after 6 months is now becoming a deterrent. TechGuy22 google never does anything right it's nothing new. Brad Well, they did Gmail right in my book. It's why I use it over all the other options out there. Jalal Welcome aboard, Trevor :) Aaqib Ismail It's almost like having to wait for an invite to buy the phone! That might be an exaggeration, but the fact of the matter is that Google is terrible at offering a phone which is not out of stock or back ordered for months. Have they learned nothing from the Nexus days? It's not even like they don't have the capital to produce enough phones to keep a constant supply JTio I don't get this article. I finished reading it and didn't really understand how Google is dropping the ball. Synacks Don't worry, I'll sum it up for everyone. 1. Massive price 2. Terrible design 3. Huge bezels (see #2) 4. Terrible screen 5. No wireless charging 6. No water resistance 7. Super effing huge phone with awful screen to body ratio (see #2 again) It's a fast phone, and it gets updates very quickly. But that's where it stops. ZettabyteGamer 1. Agreed 2. I think it's a beautiful phone, and so do many others 3. Agreed 4. How? It seems pretty great to me 5. Not that big of a deal, Apple doesn't either 6. Not a big issue either, the phone has been tested to function under water for over an hour Synacks 2. If they modified the bezels to fit better, then definitely yes. 4. Screen is just no bueno when compared to Samsung/Apple 5. Not a game changer, but a pretty common feature these days. 6. I'd prefer if it was listed as a spec so I don't get denied warranty. If I brought my S7E in for a warranty issue after water damage, they would replace it if the water strip wasn't pink. Not so sure Google would do the same. Jdban Isn't it a samsung screen though? JTio Yes Synacks A bit of Googling says that it's the same Samsung panel that HTC put in their A9 model which is basically the identically designed phone to the Pixel (but came out before the Pixel). JTio first of all huge difference of internals from the A9 to the Pixel. 2nd - are you even a pixel owner? And if you are, why haven't you sold yours yet and moved on? Synacks I have: 1. Personal S7 Edge & iPhone5S 2. Work Pixel & iPhone 6 S7E will be replaced with S8 in 11 days. 4Ui812 I'd wait for a price drop or the S9. Really no point in upgrading. The S7E is a solid phone. Synacks Unfortunately the S7's are plagued with bad silicon lottery. It's a known issue for them to end up slow and much less responsive after 6 months. Mine isn't as bad as some people have claimed but I do notice it. I could either pay $200 for a replacement unit or I can pay $60 (tax) to upgrade to the S8. I am just going to get the S8 and hope that they fixed that problem seen on the S7 line. I'd like my phone to be snappy for at least a year. 4Ui812 I've had mine since launch. The only issues I've had was a freeze up or 2. But that's it. Speeds been fine CF542 6 months? I replaced my S7E three times in four months for chronic and various problems before giving up and going Pixel blueman24 "Right, if I bought a OnePlus phone at $300 I wouldn't ever complain if it didn't have wireless charging or water resistance. But in a $700 phone.... YES." "I have: 1. Personal S7 Edge" "Unfortunately the S7's are plagued with bad silicon lottery. It's a known issue for them to end up slow and much less responsive after 6 months." You brought a $700 S7edge and not a $300 oneplus, so it should not be acceptable for it to become less responsive after 6 months? Daniel Orchard Except for the snap821 which is the reason it works pretty well... VAVAMk_2 It is a Samsung panel. HTC's role is purely as a manufacturer like FoxConn is for Apple iPhone. Synacks I'm not sure what HTC put in the first version of the Pixel. But looks like LG screen could be in the second. ZettabyteGamer I'm pretty positive the Pixel has a Samsung panel. madmax0609 It is a Samsung screen, but Samsung wouldn't be stupid enough to sell Google their best amoled screens... Those they keep for themselves. Joshua The Pixel has a top of the line Samsung display in it.. now you're just making shit up. Synacks Just because the display has a Samsung logo on it doesn't mean it's top of the line. The S7 screens are noticeably better. When you see a Chevy Cruze, do you automatically think that it has a top of the line Corvette motor in it? Samsung doesn't make just one display.... Joshua Google it. The model number of the pixel display was one of the top displays Samsung made during the time. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman They're merely tuned differently. Did you even try switching it from CMYK to RGB? Some people prefer one over the other. Bryan Breguet And badly calibrated so it looks like shit. Unless you are blind. madmax0609 Google made that phone look like an iPhone on purpose. Humans are visual creatures... if a product looks like an iPhone, and has the price tag of an iPhone, then it must be as good or better than an iPhone. Therefore, people will buy. Very smart advertising on Google's part. WARLORD VIII On the up side the Pixel isn't catching on fire 😎 das I thought that was a feature for survivalists. :P Eric Works for me. The most stable software wise of any phone I've ever used. Paid 300 for mine and prefer it over the s7. Curved screens don't like screen protector. Nothing like water resistant on a phone that looks like a cat danced on it. Another huge plus is the lack of carrier spam. I'm not getting all the complaints. Google showed us we'd be getting if we choose to buy it. I for one have no regrets about doing so. J.J. Yes the things it lacks are not a big deal but when you can get a different phone for same or less price with said features it deminishes it's value. Synacks Right, if I bought a OnePlus phone at $300 I wouldn't ever complain if it didn't have wireless charging or water resistance. But in a $700 phone.... YES. Kristian Ivanov I'm not going to comment on the actual design, I want to hear thoughts comparing it to the undesputed legend - Nexus 5 (design only) JTio 1. Debatable 2-4. Disagree 5. Who cares 6. Would be nice but it's not Google dropping the ball Why did you put #7? Synacks See edited version. basically a placeholder JTio Got it. add 7 to 2-4 for me. I totally disagree with this. Plus it doesn't really relate to the article Christopher Bement #8. Unavailable for purchase destinyhud but this article dont even talk about any of it u posted. its about customer service Mix 8. Sell as lake front property! Drakenoid 9. Profit Matt Pretty sure 2-7 were not mentioned in the article. Max Terrible design and terrible screen? You need new glasses... All the others I can agree on different degrees... Synacks Sorry I was just comparing them to other phones in the same price range. All of them having better design and displays. If the Pixel was sitting in its technically suitable price rance where the Nexus's were ($350/450), both things would be acceptable. Max The only existing phone with undoubtedly "better design and display" would be the S7 edge, and now S8 (which tbf should be compared with Pixel 2 in 2017). All others are basically on similar level or below. But the S7e/S8 suffer from other disadvantages so they aren't perfect either. Synacks I really hope Pixel 2 will be the best phone ever. CF542 The only thing that the S7/S8 truly suffer from is having Samsung as a parent. They turned the phone (s) into a piece of bloatware full of crappy software that nobody wants. Christopher Bement You missed the part where it's near impossible to buy. None of the other shit really matters? Roy 1. New brand new tactic. 2. First generation made in 9 months.. 3. First generation made in 9 months. 4. Not really. 5. First generation made in 9 months. 6. First generation made in 9 months. 7. First generation made in 9 months. Still the best camera and the best software. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman 1. You mean comparable to all other flagships. 2. At worst it's an uninspired design, but not remotely terrible. 3. Meh. They're not great, but not actually *huge*. 4. Not remotely accurate. Fantastic screen. 5. Disappointing, but literally only one other flagship regularly has this and overall nobody but a few of us seem to really care. 6. Also disappointing, but somehow didn't hurt anybody else for years. 7. Nah. Not huge at all, and the ratio's merely not as great as we'd like. ike3232 LIST OF NUMBERS! Ryan Forgot the state of Google's Android, which is nowhere near reliable​ enough to be charging top dollar for AND selling your info. Daniël Franke If that's the truth, then neither is iOS, they both suck in different ways. I recently received an iPhone from work and I consider it quite unpleasant to work with compared to my OnePlus 3t. The notifications are horrible, the settings are difficult to reach. The keyboard is just annoying. Ryan Those are usability preferences. I will agree the settings are a freaking nightmare to find, but I dont go into settings often. Right now, and for over a year now, bluetooth audio has been straight-up broken. They implemented that absoloute volume BS without coding how to handle devices that dont send volume information, breaking it in my car. Then the idiots put developer setting that is to allow you to disable it but they didnt even test it and the user doesnt have permissions to change that setting, so the switch does nothing. That is a BIG bug, and one that Google has refused to address for over a year. Then there is the fact that my phone, and the first Nexus phone I have had to deal with this on, has to be rebooted every few weeks because it slows down horribly. Jack Smith Based on what? Had every iPhone since the 3G and relatively recently added Android as carry both and Android is excellent. So much is written is just simply not true. Suggest actually give recent Android a try and you might be surprised ;). Ryan Ive had android for coming up on 8 years, HTC Hero was the first, then one more HTC before going Nexus. Been on Nexus and still am with my 5x. I know, personally, some of the MAJOR shortcomings of Googles implementation of Android. Notpoliticalyet Mate 9 solves most of those issues EcE I guess by this sentence: "I must remind myself that I am not the customer"? JTio Nailed it except if you buy this phone...then you are the customer EcE I 100% agree. I don't care if I am not their "main customer". If I'm paying you iPhone prices, I should at least receive decent customer care. FAR from the case. JTio Sorry you haven't received good support. I have had great support so far. Even had to replace my original. EcE Not just the customer support, the quality of the devices (everything, pixel, home, whatever the wifi is called), they are plagued with issues. These are not subsidized devices anymore. JTio I guess I have been lucky. I have two Onhubs. Have had no issues so far. Nope.jpeg It's raising the price, but not providing the quality that Apple does at the same. jonzey231 I was wondering who Trevor was...you basically speak for most of us. Haha. We hate Google but we just keep investing our time and resources in them...because Google lol. Welcome aboard! Suicide_Note I don't hate Google, and i use their products because i genuinely like them and the company. Of course, they're not perfect, but no company is, not to mention the majority of their products are FREE. Trevor Newman Thanks @jonzey231:disqus!. Been an avid follower of the site since '11 and happy to be contributing. turbooo Not really adding thing new to the conversation here... Jordan Palmer Welcome to fun, Trevor. HSidhu Hey explain us abt their messaging mess some day... Mr Google fan boy. Trevor Newman In process. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "Google’s first attempt at a “true” Google Phone (R.I.P Nexus) has been a success" Not sure how you're measuring success. The Pixel has been plagued with problems, one of which cannot be fixed (halos in pictures). And 6 months after release, HTC has still only shipped about 2 million. That's pathetic compared to the competition. Trevor Newman "...but one with reservations." Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Halos in pictures, crackling speakers, bluetooth turning off at random, microphones not working, random switching to speakerphone, shutting down at 30%-40% battery, boot loops, pathetic sales, all for the low low price of $869 for the Pixel Xl 128. And that's not to mention missing features like wireless charging, microSD... Those are a sheet load of reservations. skillfulshoe Well, I got mine for tree fiddy bringing it to t-mobile. So I'd say it wasn't a bad choice. Mix I am on my 3rd 128GB Pixel XL. 'When' it works it is a great phone.... whispy_snippet You've collected a bunch of disparate, isolated complaints and then implied they affect every Pixel. They don't. ScratchC The problem with the Internet is how do I know you actually own one? Or are you just a troll. In any case, I unfortunately had to pass on the Pixel my S6 shit the bed and I had just upgraded to the S7. My gf tho.. I somehow convinced her to grab a Pixel on Verizon. She has not had not 1 issue. I'm not saying they don't exist. It's just not as bad as commenters trying to win an argument make it seem. whispy_snippet Halos in pictures. For goodness sake. I think I've seen this happen once, maybe twice, since buying it at launch. And I take a LOT of photos. If this is the biggest issue you can find in the Pixel it speaks volumes for the quality of the product. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Phandroid did an LG G6 vs. Pixel photo comparison. 4 out of the 22 Pixel photos had halos. None of the LG G6 photos had halos. whispy_snippet Wow. wicketr If Google wants to compete against other Android manufacturers, they've got to figure out their manufacturing problems. It's a disgrace it's taking them numerous years to figure this out. Secondly, if they want to ever compete with Apple, they're going to need to either match their retail stores so that a "genius bar" can fix problems/replace devices on the spot. That of course costs money, but Apple is doing, so should Google. Otherwise Google is just pocketing that money and calling us fools. They're already making a ton off the data they sell, so the devices should be subsidized. Why on Earth do they cost as much as an Apple and Samsung device when they're already selling our data and they have no retail space to help consumers out. They're completely mismanaged and meanwhile we're eating up the crap their giving us. Suicide_Note While i agree with much of what you said, there's no reason at all that Google's devices should be subsidized. That's insane. wicketr Ok, then they shouldn't be selling our data. That's insane. Apple is not selling user's data. Why should Google do it and why should we accept it if that's not being trickled down to the buyers of their devices? I'm not talking about fully subsidizing the device. I'm talking about $50-100 or something. Suicide_Note I think you're forgetting that Gmail, Inbox, Photos, Drive, Docs, Sheets, and on and on are all free to use. That's what you get in exchange for Google selling your data. Apple doesn't do it because they're a different company than Google. Apple has been about hardware since day one, whereas Google was about advertising, and only fairly recently got into the hardware game. AD1980 What? Paying Apple prices without the support and when they're also selling your data is what's insane. Jimk4003 Obviously, you're entitled to your opinion, but why not enjoy having an opinion based on facts, rather than misinformation? Google doesn't sell your data: https://privacy.google.com/intl/en-GB/how-ads-work.html Suicide_Note Right. So they should forever give away or charge cost for their phones? That's not a good long term business model. Adeel Ejaz I think this has been the case with pretty much everything​Google has done. They still work like a start-up and notorious for killing projects that don't stick. And I mean "stick" at Google's scale. Wave, Picasa, Voice, Talk, Reader, all these products were built as a start-up, and got killed like one. But like a fanboy, I do believe there will be brick about mortar stores, and eventually the pre-orders will disappear as well. But all this will take some time but Google will turn it's model much like as Apple's; there is no other option. Suicide_Note Voice is still around and isn't in danger of being killed any time soon. skillfulshoe Gmail was built as a start-up experiment. My point is, Google has a lot of projects that they do not kill and become something great. For example, the technology behind the camera in Google Glass ended up going into the phones as HDR+ and now is responsible for the Pixel's great camera. Suicide_Note Reports claim that the reason behind the lack of supply of Pixel phones is due to supply issues with the AMOLED screens they use. Apparently Google can't secure enough of them to fulfill what demand there is for the Pixel. It would seem Google woefully underestimated the demand for the Pixel, and didn't properly plan ahead to make sure there wouldn't be supply issues after the initial product run. skillfulshoe And that's why Google is investing almost $1billion in LG's display factories IIRC. http://www.reuters.com/article/us-google-lg-display-idUSKBN17C00M Andrew Gallagher Billion, not trillion skillfulshoe Oops, my mistake. Fixed. Suicide_Note https://media.giphy.com/media/13B1WmJg7HwjGU/giphy.gif MadMartigan Okay. So that explains the Pixel. Sadly, that's just the latest in a long list of woefully executed products. Nick V They only shipped 2.5 million phones. With all the advertising, you are saying they weren't expecting to ship that many? Most of the worst ship that in a year Sammy Phillips "Dead Pixel" is a headline just begging to be written. catalysto Or "Stuck Pixel". Sammy Phillips Given Google proclivity for killing products, "Dead Pixel" is latent gold. QuantumFoam Probably different country, but how do you not go with "Pixel Sticks"? Stefan van Manen Where Google messed up in my opinion is at the basics: price (too expensive for the non cutting-edge hardware) and availability (Im not even able to buy it on contract at the 4 big networks here in Holland). 2×4 he's newman give him a break! EcE Helloooooo Newwwman https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2aefe2a4891db81811a1be9e7044f178d36f24a3fc310d6674ccf60af1a0cab6.gif MJ I am not sure it's fair to compare a company (Apple) that has been in hardware day one while Google is fairly new to the game. Google started as and is an Internet company at heart and I am not sure how else you make money except via ads. George Messaging apps... you make money with messaging apps... how else were they gonna sell those stickers? mattcoz And if one messaging app doesn't make enough money, just make another, and another, and... EcE and... MOAR STICKERS!! EcE It is fair when they are trying to compete with such company in every aspect, including prices. Google shouldn't get a pass, almost every single piece of hardware they have released (Nexus included) has been plagued with issues. They've been messing around with hardware since 2010 (unless there was something before the Nexus One). As far as I know the OP 3T has less issues than the Pixel at half the price. skillfulshoe Increase in cost gets you increase in criticism. The Pixels should have not had these problems, but stuff like this is not new to Google. The Nexus phones always had issues but was underplayed by, "But it is half the cost of flagship phones." Hopefully the Pixel 2 will be more thought out and have less issues. MJ Plagued with issues? I have owned three Nexus devices and now a Pixel XL with no major issues. Google hasn't designed a phone yet beyond "these are featured we like" to an OEM. The next Pixel will be totally designed by Google. That's why the OEM name has been on the Nexus phones and NOT Google's name. EcE Nexus 5, no mention of LG, 6p no mention of guaguei, pixel, no mention of htc. The fact that you have not had any issues does not mean there aren't any. (half related) I had 3 LG G3s and 2 G4s (upgraded) before I got one I could sell "as is". There have been boot loop deniers all over the place and now there is a class action suit. Not because those people were lucky, the rest of us didn't have any issues. I had issues with a Nexus One a Nexus 4 and a Nexus 5. The first two were replaced a couple of times by my carrier. I don't own a Pixel but I've read about all the issues. Paul_Werner lol @ guaguei MJ "Nexus 5, no mention of LG, 6p no mention of guaguei, pixel, no mention of htc." What? The Nexus 5 had LG stamped on the back and the 6P had Huawei on it's back. LOL I owned both so please Google images of them. The Pixel XL does not say HTC but I did say the OEM name was on the Nexus phones. The fact is Google didn't do anymore more with the Pixel but take over the branding. Again, this will change with the next Pixel as Google will actually design the phone. I didn't say they have had no issues at all. EcE True, both were at the bottom, my bad. I completely forgot about the 5 (had a red one) and the first images that appear are of the black one. Still, why should they get a pass and not be compared to Apple when they are purposely placing the Pixels against the iPhone? MJ I didn't say they can't be compared but questioned if it was fair (at this point). EcE I still think it is fair. Otherwise, they should have released the Pixel as a Nexus and let the Pixel 2 be their true flagship. Will then be fair to compare them to Apple? Christopher Bement Battery life isn't an issue? I've owned 3 Nexus devices and now a Samsung S series, and each of the Nexuses would barely last a day, while my S7 Edge will last for two. Hell, aside from Doze, the Nexus 6 had built in CPU throttling at something like 50% battery which crippled the phone. And it still died before leaving work. I get that they like to push their charging technology, but you should be able to take the phone away from an outlet for a whole day, that's a safety issue. MJ I have always gotten a day most the time with my Nexus phones (did NOT has a N6) and now usually two days with my Pixel XL. Yes, I am on the lower end of usage which is by far the biggest factor on one's battery life. Your Edge S7 with a SD820 got better battery life? Shocker! That chipset rocks which is what my Pixel XL has... Safety issue? Christopher Bement Safety issue: Not being able to call for help because phone died. That's all really. Vega007 My Pixel is, by far, the best phone I have ever had for battery life. Christopher Bement I'm only going with devices I've actually used, I haven't touched a Pixel personally. All I can say is it's day and night between the N6 and S7 on a given work day where I'm calling, texting and emailing almost constantly. Vega007 That's a good point, it all depends on what phone we have used to compare it to. I have never used a S7 Edge, but I have used a S7. While the battery life was fine, the Pixel does do better for my usage (I'm using the 5" btw). And that's the real key to battery issue is personal use. We all use our devices differently so battery life will always be subjective. T4rd I agree, which is why Google has no business charging the same premium Apple does for hardware they can't supply or support nearly as well as Apple. MJ That's a fair argument as I felt the Pixel were over priced myself but still bought the XL because prefer stock Android at the end of day. Still... I am not interested in Apple phones at all so would compare Google to other Android OEMs. ddevito I agree, but if that's true then you can't charge iPhone prices. Otherwise the market will respond. Every. Single. Time. Zsolt V Yes, they can. At some point the Galaxy S line actually overtook iPhone sales. I honestly feel that if it weren't for the Note 7 debacle, Apple would be in serious trouble this year, even with the mythical iPhone 8 savior. You can only ride the hype on name recognition for so long with an inferior product. ddevito Your Android fanboyism is showing. I'm not a big Cupertino fan but you can't honestly say the iPhone is in trouble. Zsolt V I didn't. ScratchC The iPhone has been in trouble for some time. It's why it started playing catch up (Forget current sales up to now. Poll after poll, iPhone users are bored of iPhones) Actually Google's Android is in trouble as well. Samsung is doing their own thing. Google needs to put it's foot down or compete. The Pixel is an attempt to do so. It's not perfect by any means. it's better than nothing and it was a solid first entry. If you simply don't like it.. Buy elsewhere. that's the beauty of Android. I think you guys forget, that out of our fanboy bubble, most people when they think of Android have a distinct definition. I'm talking the average consumer...they think Android = cheap phone from prepaid carrier that's slow, plastic, horrible camera & full of bugs. Or.. Android = Samsung Galaxy. Your average consumer still doesn't know what a Pixel is nvm that they don't even know what a Nexus was. Android phones need to be a premium product to compete. They need to charge the amount of money it takes for proper R&D.. Customer support etc. Google cannot sell at a loss and accomplish this. This very reason is why Samsung holds the Android crown. Regardless of your opinion towards their devices. Remember that Carrier subsidizing is how Galaxy devices sell by the millions. Iphones as well. Google is on the right path. They just need to bring the next Pixel to all carriers. Lindsay Meyer You're right. I've been an Apple user for a long time. Loved those iPhones and loyally stuck by them, albeit with a little less enthusiasm every year after iPhone 4s. I was bored, wanting to venture outside the Apple cycle (which is hard to break once you've spent $$$$$ over the years in apps and compatible Apple devices), and bitter that Apple essentially abandons support of their costly older models and all but forces you to continually upgrade. Also, I was tired of clinging to Apple's old identity as a game changer, seeing as their 7 was a nothing but new shade of lipstick (and their new iOS just made using the hardware on my 6s buggier and more annoying - using the home button w/ fingerprint ID was enough to make me want to throw my phone at the ground). SO.. Hubby, a long time member of the opposing Android camp, finally talked me into the Pixel, which is what I have now. I gotta say, aside from the gorgeous camera and the option to stick some widgets on my display, it's a let down. The fact that it was the same cost as an iPhone is, honestly, shocking. Many have said before me, and it's true, that Apple doesn't want the risk of unveiling truly new and innovative features. When Jobs left, there was no one crazy enough to continue to push the envelope and risk failure of Apple's #1 moneymaker, so now Apple excels at what Android (or at least my Pixel) does not - fluid, exceptionally clear and reliable usability, and an unfailingly friendly UI, omnipresent support and a $#¡+ ton of amazing, well-supported apps. Other phones, incl my Pixel, will have Cecil Hardwood BS. Google has been around long enough and have worked with many hardware companies. This is not new to them. They are not stupid. Just incompetent. MJ Yes, working with hardware companies is the same as being a hardware company for over 30 years. #facepalm madcanada Well, no, Google didn't just start. Pixel is not made any differently than Nexus - it's still a 3rd party product in essence. Google took tighter control of design, sure, but considering that they didn't dramatically change the approach I think it's fair to say that Google was in their form of hardware game for some time now, and as far as cellphones go Apple only had a few years of a headstart. MJ Your comment made no sense to me... You started with Google didn't just start followed by the Nexus/Pixel phones are basically 3rd party devices (true) than said "Google was in their form of hardware game for some time now". no idea what that means... Apple has been designing and in control of their iPhone devices almost from the start. They have even designed their own SoC. Apple has been a true hardware company from day one and for over 30 years now. Google is mainly a software and Internet company. madcanada Well, I just mean we're either saying that Google didn't yet even start being in the hardware game, or that they were in their hardware game (whatever the form it took - 3rd party or other) since the fist Nexus. It's not like with Pixel they're doing anything dramatically different, so your comment about Google being fairly new isn't entirely correct. They either still aren't a hardware company, which strengthens the position of the article, or they are a hardware company (that outsources the hardware) which didn't get on top of their game in almost a decade. MJ What? My argument is it's not fair to compare them to Apple in hardware experience and I already laid that out in very clear terms. mrjayviper Fairly new? How long have they been selling Nexus phones and other devices? MJ Let me get this straight... You left a comment without reading the whole discussion? I already very clearly laid out an actual argument but thanks for your input. brgulker Sure Apple charges Pixel prices, but if my iPhone is defective I can go to an Apple Store, get a replacement on the spot, and have some peace of mind that the extra expense went to maintaining this store and the general customer service model. With Google, the extra cost goes to the bottom line and maybe a month-long replacement process of ‘ship and pray’ with buggy refurbished replacements and full-price holds on my credit card. This is a really big part of why I decided to fully buy into the Apple ecosystem about a year and a half ago. I still own an Nvidia Shield for gaming, but that's it at the moment. That, and security updates, which at least some Google OEMs are taking more seriously now. madcanada my problem with pixel was the fact that compared to Nexus 6P they only gave an incremental update to processor and ram, everything else was literally the same. People will say "camera was different", I would beg the differ. Download Camera NX for Nexus 6P and do a comparison with Pixel, you'll see what I mean. They didn't bring back waterproofing, didn't give us a bigger battery, didn't give us wireless charging, and didn't give us a dual camera set up. It felt as if they took Nexus 6P, added ram and changed the sot, and then locked a bunch of features behind the new product. Sure I can understand timed exclusive of Assistant, I can even swallow Pixel launcher being exclusive, but not giving zero-shutter lag to Nexus 6P users (which Nexus is perfectly capable of) was a dick move. So we essentially got a slightly faster Nexus 6P at double the price with exclusive software features, which pissed everyone off because we bought Nexus over Galaxy for the Google support and all them features! Getting an iPhone next, didn't use one since 3GS, gonna try it out. Sammy Phillips At least the Pixel can process more than 1 HDR+ shot at a time. The 6P took forever doing that. madcanada what do you mean? how Nexus compresses them one by one in the gallery afterwards and Pixel can do few at a time? Sammy Phillips Yeah when you take an HDR+ image on the 6P you have to wait for it to finish before you can take more. They fixed that on the Pixel, although I read someone else's comment here that mentioned they could have brought that feature to the 6P as well. madcanada there are two types of HDR+ modes on Pixel, HDR+ Auto and HDR+. Auto is the zero-lag one, Pixel consistently taking photos as soon as you open camera, when you press the button it simply starts to process the last couple of shots. HDR+ will take time to evaluate the picture and then take the shots it needs to take, which is why there is lag and which is why HDR+ pictures look a bit better quality wise. Nexus did not have zero lag HDR+ auto up until Camera NX brought it over, but now Nexus can do the same thing as Pixel - take shots all the time and then just mark those it needs in Auto mode. You can take many consecutive HDR shots on Nexus with Camera NX, I haven't tested the upper limit, but it works for up to 10 shots just tapping as fast as my finger can do it. My issue is that some third party developer had to do it, Google just fucked us over. Paul_Werner Yep, Camera NX stopped me from missing out on pretty much every feature of the Pixel Camera. Not that I'd spend that type of money on a minor update (Pixel from 6P) madcanada same thing, the update too minor. what pissed me off is that Google didn't release the camera app themselves. T4rd I have a 6P, but am not a big picture taker, so I haven't cared about camera performance much. But I'm rooted (on Pure Nexus ROM) and am wondering if no one at XDA or something has ported the Pixel's camera app over to the 6P or other phones..? Or did Google lock it down to only Pixel hardware somehow? madcanada they did, Camera NX is exactly that. It's a Google Camera app from Pixel, basically. FRKSUP While I agree, it was overpriced for what it is, they had to set a precedent. If they made it Nexus cheap, and then raise the price this year when they add waterproofing, feature Y, etc. consumers (non-tech savy people who know cost 2016 vs cost 2017 and not the specs driving the cost) would question the change in price. They're never going to be able to compete with Apple with less-than-Apple experience phones at high prices, nor with equal-to-Apple experience phones with lower prices. madcanada I think the article brings up the right point about why that is. Google isn't aiming for Apple experience, they want Apple dough. We're the stuff they're selling. FRKSUP I disagree. If we are the stuff they're selling, they should make the best experience for the least price to get more of us to give up our data as easy and cheap as possible. Nexus was closer to that model than Pixel. Pixel is more about the experience for the end customer (us) than the data we type into it for them to sell. I do not think the ads differentiate based on what phone or how expensive it is. madcanada Pixel is, yes, Google's business model is not though. The difference is that if Apple can't sell any more iPhones - they go out of business. If Google can't sell Pixels - no one at Google would really even care that much - it's not their lifeline, even if you limit Google to Android in the scope of this conversation. Android would make money for Google regardless of how Google treats their customers. itguy08 "The difference is that if Apple can't sell any more iPhones - they go out of business. " Except Apple has the Mac business which they state is a Fortune 100 company by itself. Let that sink in just a little bit.... madcanada Okay there, Drax the Destroyer, we know nothing goes over your head. Suicide_Note I own both, and the Pixel camera far surpasses the 6P. madcanada are you using Camera NX instead of default Google Camera on Nexus? Alternatively are you using the HDR+ plus mode on both, because due the to the way zero-lag HDR works, Pixel uses higher ISO and the picture may look brighter. If you use Camera NX on Nexus you would get the same exact settings and same exact quality, not even close to "far surpassing". Feel free to verify yourself, compare pictures on the computer after, better yet post them here. Paul_Werner Yup or just watch Max Lee do it for you: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THwm57tjZQg madcanada that's a good video, but again it doesn't actually compare them the proper way. let me explain. Pixel is using a preset ISO for it's HDR+ auto mode, and that ISO is higher, so the shots could be taken quicker (mind you Pixel is doing it as soon as you open the camera app). That is why you see warmer tones and brighter pictures on the Pixel. Nexus (in the comparison video) is using the old HDR+ mode, the one where the phone evaluates the image and then takes a few shots with the ISO related to what the phone sees as opposed to what the preset for speed is. If the person in the video compared Pixel in HDR+ mode (the one with the lag), they would get identical to Nexus image - no warm tones, no overblown skies, and a bit darker overall. If Nexus was to use Camera NX in HDR+ auto mode - it would get identical images to Pixel in the comparison. Paul_Werner Oh I'm totally with you on that madcanada this guy did an updated video, with HDR+ on on both pixel and nexus, no auto. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZI81pqRLeEs this is what I was talking about ) Paul_Werner Yeah my Google-fu was a bit weak. I meant to find that video to share whispy_snippet Go and ask a regular consumer to do what you're asking. A camera is more than the hardware. madcanada what do you mean? whispy_snippet Most people, I think it's fair to say, stick with defaults. Default messaging app. Default web browser. Default mapping application. Just ask Apple! It's why they're so successful with lock-in. The point I'm making is that most people will stick to the default camera application when they purchase a phone. Out of the box, the Pixel's camera delivers much better images than the 6P. Sure, you could go trawling through the Google Play store to find a camera app for your 6P that gives you results closer to what you want. But most people will never even think to do this or even know it's possible. For this reason, Google took the time to develop a rock solid camera application with hugely impressive image processing. The resources and effort required to develop a kick ass camera experience out of the box is factored into the price. So when someone says "the camera is different" to the 6P, it is. The Pixel has a much better (arguably the best) camera out of the box and ultimately this is what matters to most people. madcanada I agree with your point, but it's entirely irrelevant to the discussion we're having. Nexus 6P and Pixel cameras are identical, save for 12.2 MP vs 13 MP respectively, the difference is only in software​. If Google cared about their customers they would've released the same camera app for Nexus themselves, instead some XDA dude did it. Without the artificial gap created by Google, Pixel is just a tat faster Nexus 6p, so charging twice the price and justifying it by simply fucking over the customer base is extremely annoying. whispy_snippet You said: 'People will say "camera was different", I would beg the differ.' I'm saying the camera on the Pixel IS different because of the software (the app and ISP). The software is everything and was the product of years of research and development work from Google. It's the reason why they were able to enter the market with their first, genuine mainstream flagship phone and trump Apple and Samsung's best cameras immediately. My point is entirely relevant. Correct me if I'm wrong, but it sounds like you're pissed off that you're not getting the same experience with your 6P camera as Pixel customers are getting with their cameras - even though the hardware is fundamentally very similar. Am I right more or less? Look, I can sympathise to an extent. I was a Nexus user from way back. But ultimately, the Pixel was a more expensive device than the 6P. Pixel owners paid more and got a better camera. Why would Google try to bring a cheaper device's camera up to the same level? They want to sell more high end Pixels, not last gen's dead (RIP) Nexus 6P. When people try to argue "the Pixel is so expensive but the price isn't justified" this is one of the reasons why I say it actually is. madcanada That's correct, I'm pissed that Pixel gets a better camera software while Nexus is fundamentally the same in the department. I understand your point about camera being a combination of both hardware and software, but unlike, say, Apple, where each iteration is actually better in terms of hardware, and older iPhones still get whatever features they can physically run, Google decided to accentuate the difference by simply denying their last year phone the same updates. Where Apple only denies updates when the old phone can't actually handle them Google is simply abandoning their last year model to justify the price of the Pixel. whispy_snippet Except there's one key difference. Unlike iPhones that release each year, the Nexus 6P is not of the Pixel lineage. The Pixel is the first of its kind. madcanada That makes not a shred of difference in the argument I'm making. I find denying last year phone updates it perfectly capable of running, so you can justify the price of the new phone ethically questionable. I don't care if they rebranded, their decision to not give Nexus the updates it can handle is only guided by the fact that they wanted to charge twice the price for Pixel, and they couldn't have if Nexus got the goodies. whispy_snippet Ethically questionable? No, mate, it's business. Google's ultimate responsibility is maximising profits for shareholders. You're cranky that your 6P can't do what the more expensive a Pixel can do. Now imagine how Pixel owners would feel if they saw cheaper, older phones from the same company doing exactly the same thing as theirs. Again, I sympathise to an extent, but ultimately you get what you pay for. If you want the Pixel experience, buy it. madcanada I'm not cranky because my Nexus 6P can't do things Pixel can, on the contrary, I get full Pixel experience with free unlimited full size photo upload, Pixel launcher, Pixel camera, and day one Google Assistant on Nexus 6P. I'm cranky because I need to go to XDA to get them goodies. I understand it's business, but if you want to sell charge twice for the phone - sell a better phone, give us a better camera, bigger battery life, and don't downgrade our goddamn speakers. whispy_snippet Mate, you're simply not making sense anymore. You're effectively wanting something for nothing. You want Google to give you a Pixel quality camera experience on an older, less expensive phone from an entirely different lineage - for free. You're not entitled to free stuff. I guess we're just going to have to agree to disagree. madcanada you can disagree all your want, i outlined my gripe with Google in the first post, then you decided to argue about the camera. New lineage or not, when you market Nexus as the phone that gets all the Google love, and then you just leave users behind right next generation simply to justify the price hike of new Pixel - that's low. Apple's feature fragmentation is driven solely by the hardware - newer phones get new exclusive features because older models can't do the same thing physically. Google is creating artificial fragmentation in order to justify twice the price. That's not the Google I remember and that's not the direction I like. Obviously it's their choice. T4rd Did you mean "Camera MX", not "NX"? I'm not seeing a "NX" in the Play Store, just "MX": https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.magix.camera_mx. madcanada you have to google an apk. wait up. https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/themes-apps/mod-camera-nx-v4-google-camera-zsl-hdr-t3494435 T4rd Ahh, nice. Thanks! madcanada you just need the one apk, don't worry about 60 fps mod, it's already there. Ocepi The biggest failure was the verizon "exclusivity". The Verizon edition has almost always been readily available since launch, but most consumers don't realize it is unlocked. William R. Washington I just had a friend walk into Best Buy, buy a Verizon model and pop his AT&T SIM, and he couldn't be happier. FRKSUP Most sheep don't know this though... Sir_Brizz And then when he has problems with it and Google won't help him nor Verizon or Best Buy? Steve McQueen Now that Huawei's new EMUI 5+ doesn't horribly suck, I'm liking them more and more. Can't see myself ever spending pixel money for a phone that doesn't get 7-9 hours of SOT on a single charge. skeeterfood Unless they finally start updating their phones to keep up with the Android security patches (My Honor 8 is still on the Dec 2016 security patch) and start releasing their kernel source in a timely matter, my Honor 8 will be the last Hauwei phone I ever touch... Mix I love stock Android and when the PIxel works it is an amazing phone; HOWEVER, I am on my 3rd 128GB Pixel XL and, so help me, if this ones dies I am fucking DONE with it. Google will be refunding that shit. Suicide_Note What happened with the other two? I'm genuinely curious because my 128 GB XL has been fantastic since day one. Mix 1st - Microphone died less than 3 weeks in. 2nd - Phone was at 95% charge, playing a game on my lunch and it bricked. 3rd one has been stellar (so far) but my 2nd one was great until a few weeks before it died. It starting rebooting itself and freezing. Warranty replacement's from Google have been good though it sucks not having a phone for 7 days. This is my 4th Android phone and hardware wise, my worst phone that I have ever owned. John Doe I am pretty sure Google sends you a replacement out first then you send back yours and they send it by next day shipping. T4rd Yeah, they cross-shipped my 6P when I RMA'd it so I wouldn't be without a phone until its replacement arrived. I didn't have to pay extra for it either. Mix Since I have done 2 RMA's with Google (Canada) I kind of know what they do. You can either have them place a hold for the phone ($1,400) on your creditcard and they ship you a phone, one you get it you put the label on the box and send it back and they release the hold once they get the phone, OR, you can do the no holds but you send them back your busted phone first and once they get it and look at it they send you your new device. Next day shipping it is not! 1st phone was 5 days to arrive from the day I called and my second phone was 7 days. 1st phone was easier to deal with as I could still use it for everything but calls, the second phone was bricked to no phone for a week kind of sucks. John Doe Ok so you chose the bad option that is your fault. Apple does the same exact thing. And it is next day here in the USA so maybe if you complained a bit they would have made it next day or 2 day shipping. Also wtf?...$1,400? Was that the cost of the phone? Mix Sounds like you have not done this before because sending your phone to Google first, waiting for them to get it and look it over THEN sending a replacement is, 100%, the bad choice. Having them send you the phone first and put a hold on your creditcard is the better and faster choice! Complaining gets you nothing, USA got free daydream headsets, Canadians got nothing. The phone, after taxes, was $1,320.48 - close enough for me to complain about it at the $1,400 point, lol. John Doe OMG, YOU CAN'T READ? That is what I said Google does but you said you had to wait 7 days for your phone but they send you the phone first then you send yours in so no waiting. Yes I have done this before. With Apple, Google, and other companies...it is standard practice. No, they don't charge you taxes they just put a hold of the price of the phone not your total purchase price. Maybe it is just different in Canada...you should stop buying Google products there *rolls eyes* Lindsay Meyer If your damaged, soon-to-be-returned Pixel phone is broken and unusable, there would indeed be a waiting period to have a working phone in either case, because, being unable to easily switch your device at a physical brick and mortar store, you would be at the mercy of waiting for for Google's mailed replacement to have a working phone again. John Doe Google sens it next day here in the US Mix You straight up told me that I chose the bad option: "Ok so you chose the bad option that is your fault." when I did not choose the bad option. If my phone bricked, which it did, and it takes 7 days for Googles phone to get to me I have no phone for 7 days, that is waiting without a phone! I think we are both right, 12 of this and a dozen of that, lol. <3 Stuff in Canada is more expensive and shipping generally sucks. I normally chose 2 day shipping with Amazon and get refunded shipping costs because the shipping companies miss the delivery date constantly. Nexus 4 and 5 have been sweet, my Pixel experience has been garbage. Their customer service has been good though so yay for that. Lindsay Meyer Canadian $ ≠ US $ John Doe Yeah but the phone still does not cost $1,400 in canada so yeah destinyhud google needs a sales center for all their hardware. heck even a google rep at bestbuy would do Juan Sutton The only way Google has dropped the ball is by not having enough stock to fill the demand, other wise the pixel is a great phone and it's been a joy to use since day one tim242 You are living in an alternate reality #alternativefacts Juan Sutton Naw bro, the vast majority of people that own the phone love the phone. The software experience (which in my opinion is the most important thing) is great. tim242 Software is nothing without reliable hardware Juan Sutton Ok, the pixel has that. But again the vast majority are not buying phones based on hardware, geeks obsess after that. they are buying the software on the phone and the eco system around it. When I take my phone out my pocket and begin to use it what does it do and how well it does it. tim242 The vast majority buy based on hardware, which is why Samsung sells so many phones. Juan Sutton The vast majority don't even know about hardware, just ask the average consumer. They couldnt tell what type of processor or pixels per square inch or any other hardware question. Samsung sells phones because then advertise like crazy, and most of the time when you go into a store the sales people push you to a iPhone or galaxy. Now I didn't say hardware isn't part of the equation. But not the most important. Now I do agree, most geeks buy based on hardware but not the average consumer. I'm out, have to go to work Lateef Alabi-Oki We are Google's customers. Let's see what happens to Google without us. Then the debate about whether or not we are customers is a non-starter. This idea that Google doesn't care about you because of advertising is a hopelessly flawed argument. Google just doesn't devote as many resources to being good a making, distributing, and MARKETING hardware as they do with their software services. If they devoted as much effort as Apple to the complete life cycle of making, selling and supporting their hardware, they'd be just as good as Apple, if not better. Investments in hardware cannot be short-term and half-assed. The currency for consumers buying and investing in hardware is trust. This is something Apple is keenly aware of, and Google is going to, unfortunately, have to figure out the hard way. You can't keep disowning and disavowing your products with reckless abandon and establish trust with users. You can't stop providing OS and security updates for perfectly functioning devices and earn users' loyalty. If Apple launched the iTurd, not only will it sell out in minutes, it will sell in millions of units. That's the power of an infinite brand cache. That's the power of trust. That's the power of loyalty. It happens when companies stand by their product no matter what. This is Google's fundamental crisis. Even their most ardent supporters are left anxious about how soon they'll abandon their products, much less how long they'll support it. Is it any wonder why they can't sell anything other than ads? opticalgenesis very confused when I read "#donglife" instead of "#donglelife" mjsalinger The idea that "we are not the customer" in ad-supported businesses is a fallacy created by Apple fan-boys to try to argue that Apple is inherently superior to Google. In ad-supported businesses, the user *is* the end-customer of the business' products, and the advertisers are the monetization source 'partners'. At the end of the day, the value of ads lessens greatly if the end customers aren't happy with the product produced. For a TV show, if the show is crap, then it will get lower ratings, and therefore fewer advertisers will want to purchase ads or they will only purchase ads at a lower price. Same with a newspaper. Although newspapers usually charge a small fee, most of the cost and profit is obtained via advertising. But if the product is crappy, it won't sell and ad $'s decline. In a case like Google, it's products and services are designed for users, to keep the user (who is the end "customer" of those products and services, not the advertiser, even if said products are free) happy. Happy users mean more users, and more users mean more advertisers wanting to reach those users for greater $ amounts, which means more profit for Google. The same is true for any ad-supported business. The customer relationship isn't necessarily related to who foots the bill (the monetization source), but who is the user. How it's monetized is a different question entirely. Even in most direct-to-consumer products, the customer doesn't directly buy the product from the producer of that product. If I buy an LG TV from Best Buy, for example, my transaction isn't with LG, but it's with Best Buy. Best Buy is LG's direct customer, and LG is dependent on Best Buy and other retailers purchasing enough stock to move it's product. While the line between monetization source and end-customer is closer in a direct-sale relationship than an ad-supported one, it's still not direct. An exception where there actually is a direct relationship between a consumer and a company is a case like buying an iPhone directly from the Apple Store; but the indirect nature still applies if you buy an iPhone at Verizon or at Best Buy... So can we please stop with the "we're not Google's customer" fallacy? We certainly are, because we use the products Google creates, and if we don't use them, then Google doesn't get $$. It's just slightly more indirect than with direct sale-to-consumer products... whispy_snippet 100% this. Cecil Hardwood I disagree. Google is selling data they gathered from you using their services. The people buying the data is the customer. The people using the services are users. mjsalinger You can disagree all you want, but from an economics point of view, you're wrong. 1) Google doesn't sell data. They sell ads that you can target to specific demographics. 2) The services are a product. If the product isn't good and doesn't keep a user base, then no ads. 3) 'Customer' doesn't always signify a monetary transaction. There are many examples in business where people are referred to as customers without a monetary transaction. In Google's case they have two customers. One, they sell adspace to a certain # of people in specific demographics for money. The second, they provide services for users in exchange for viewing ads. Both are customer relationships (providing a good or service in exchange for something of value). Nerds Logic Guess I should feel lucky. My wife and I both have pixel's and I have yet to have an issue with it. Not the ones mentioned in comments or any others. And I use the shit out of this phone. Also, this makes my 30th Android phone and only the 1st to not be rooted. tim242 "So why as a consumer do I continue to throw my money at a lover who could care less?" *couldn't care less rattyuk This is an American / British thing. I assume your from the U.K. where couldn't care less is the phrase. In the USA it's the opposite. But really this is a tempest in a teapot, the American way of saying... Well you can guess. Two nations separated by the same language. tim242 I am in the US. The phrase is "couldn't care less". Peoppe just say it incorrectly. If you could care less, that means that you have some level of caring. If you could not care less, that means you don't care at all. Oh, and it's "you're from", not "your from". : ) Roger Siegenthaler Google most definitely does have to find a new way to make money except for ads and they know it. There's their investor notes that detail them knowing that adblockers and regulatory changes could prove very damaging to their ad revenue. And their intention to get <50% of their revenue from ads by 2020 all say truckloads about why they desperately want to get google home and pixels selling. sweenish I don't like the Apple store argument. I live in Wichita, the most populous city in Kansas. Everyone lives on the Missouri side of Kansas City. I have no Apple store. Plenty of other people don't have this recourse to fall back on. It's a bogus argument that holds no water outside of a 1 hour radius of Apple stores, and that's a massive chunk of the US. Sammy Phillips Well, it's not really a "bogus" argument as much as one that doesn't apply to a certain percentage of consumers. I think, though, that even if you don't live near an Apple store, you're likely to get a replacement from them faster and more reliably than Google. sweenish Based on what? Google has, by most accounts really stepped up their customer service for hardware issues, and that's been the case for a couple years now. And if an argument doesn't apply, it's bogus. And like I've said, it didn't apply to a lot of people. Sammy Phillips Ah, that's not what my understanding of it is. I've been under the impression that getting replacement Pixel is kind of a nightmare. I hear you though. My parents have iPhones and they live over an hour from an Apple store. Not exactly right around the corner. Aloys Garnier de Kermerc’hou I strongly disagree. You can't judge a company's strategy on the first attempt. Wait for at least the 2nd generation to declare if Google is dropping the ball or not. Right now the Pixel has been hailed, with all its flaws and shortcomings, as the best Android phone of 2016. For a first shot, it's a hell of an achievement. Sure, it's not sexy. It's not water resistant. It doesn't have stereo speakers. But it still was enough of a success that Google didn't keep up with the demand. The question is "will they have learned for the 2nd generation?". If they did, then they have a recipe for success. Google Home, Google Wifi, Nest, these are indicators that Google is moving into the hardware space and that can't happen without a mobile phone lineup. Google isn't dropping the ball, they were testing the waters, and they were too shy about it. Let's wait and see about Pixel 2. pfmiller This wasn't their first attempt just because it's the first phone with a new name. Aloys Garnier de Kermerc’hou Same comment as I did for Bruce Wayne above. Google didn't even try for Nexus. It was more or less a developer's program that worked on the word-of-mouth. Nothing comparable to the amount of advertisement done for the Pixel, which was comparable to Apple's. pfmiller So they didn't do a good job before, that doesn't mean they didn't do it before. That only makes their mistakes less excusable. Next time will they have learned for the 9th generation? Doesn't sound so likely now, does it? Aloys Garnier de Kermerc’hou It's not that they didn't do a good job before. Before it simply wasn't a strategy to push the Nexus line. It was primarily intended as a developer-oriented, sort of geek-appealing program. Never pushed as a product for the masses like the Pixel was. Look, you can criticize as much as you want, there are many things Google could have done better. But wait for the second generation before you say "they dropped the ball". That will be a much better indicator than any pseudo-analysis made by people like us who only see a tiny window of the situation. Bruce Wayne They've been selling phones for years now. They're not new to the game. Aloys Garnier de Kermerc’hou They never tried with the Nexus. Little to no advertising. Pixel was a whole different story. They did try and seemed to sell more than they anticipated. You have to compare oranges to oranges. Sir_Brizz This same argument was made when the Nexus 4 came out, because that also represented a shift in how the Nexus program was marketed and worked. TBF, the N5, N6, and 6P all got about the same amount of advertising as the Pixel has gotten. Ultimately, those programs could be considered a success because they sold those devices at a price point relative to their value proposition. I didn't mind having a hold on my account for my 6P, but that was also $300+ less than a comparable Pixel XL. I also knew I was buying a device with slower support and I was paying a good deal less for that. Pixel doesn't change much (it's just another Nexus with the same concessions and everything), but it does shift Google into a new game where they actually have to make a value proposition now, and they aren't in a good position to do that. The fact that they can't even keep stock of the Pixels is a pretty sad indicator of how ill prepared they are. Aloys Garnier de Kermerc’hou Oh no. Not even close in terms of advertising. 6P got a little bit of it. But the amount of TV air time, of billboards and online ads? You can't be serious when you say the N5, 6 and 5x/6P got the same treatment. Maybe the closest was the 6 but is was mostly a carrier-level, b&m stores level one. Sir_Brizz I know it's hard to remember, but they did give lots of advertising. Even the N7 had a super bowl commercial. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_12rHKqFD0 They have advertised these devices in the past. There is nothing that unique about the Pixel. Maybe it is slightly more, but I basically don't hear about it anymore. It had a decent initial push and now it's just like it was before. UniBroW This post summarizes why I have an iPhone 7 plus instead of a pixel in my pocket after years of dismissing Apple entirely sebastianer I can throw bullshit to the Nexus and Pixel line, while praising a lot the iPhones... But I can't still switch to an iPhone...even the latest iPhone 7 after 1-2 hours using it i want to kill myself (sarcastically). Also I've been using an iPhone for a week after my LG 5X died...but after a week ended up buying a 6P and can't be more happy (no matter the years I hated phablet...it's still so good to be using vanilla Android again). Most of the people can switch from iOS to Android or from Android to iOS...I'm part of the small group that can't switch to iOS, it's so different the way it works and so different to the way I use the phone. (As some people is part of the small group that can switch from iOS to Android, despite the hardware quality between Apple vs Nexus/Pixels). And when I say Android, I'm only referring to Nexus/Pixel/AndroidOne... Maybe Moto...but no. UniBroW I agree, mostly. There are so many things that make me want to throw the iPhone out the window so it's not all just peaches and cream but I went full on iOS. Sold my Pixel C for an iPad Pro and ordered a mini that I'm installing in my car dash as Android Auto and car play leave much to be desired. Overall though, I'm enjoying iOS more. I used to use iOS and think it was cumbersome but swiping back to go back in an app is way more intuitive then Androids broken back button that will either close an app or go back. Not to mention Google play music is much nicer from a ui standpoint on iOS then Android Knowledgeborn Allah ^^^Exactly! This is precisely what led me to purchase an iPhone 7+ too. I have a Pixel XL also, but I ran into so many problems with it that I gave up and haven't used it in months. For Google to be charging iPhone prices for the Pixel, they definitely don't deliver on the iPhone experience. I bashed Apple for years based almost entirely on specs, pushing the narrative that their products are overpriced. But, now that Google is charging the same prices for products that are clearly inferior, what does that say about them? I was a die-hard Nexus user for years, buying nearly all of them since the Nexus 4 (with the exception of the 5X). And that's the biggest problem with the Pixel line as a whole. I had the Nexus 6P, and it beats out the Pixel XL in more than one area. I'd go so far as to say that the Pixel phones are essentially just a new Nexus devices, with a higher price tag and "made by Google" promotion. Sudarshan Krish It is absolutely not true that Google is not as good as Apple when it comes to replacements. Having bought my pixel off the Google store in the UK, replacement for me has been spontaneous, everytime I've had an issue with my phone.. It is almost as good as the next day delivery. Google has never let me down when it comes to covering me with replacement of my faulty devices, let alone pixel, even with my Nexusus (4, 6p) EcE Which store did you step into and talked to a person and get a replacement on the spot for your Nexus 4? destinyhud a call to customer care. not in stores Sudarshan Krish Sorry, I should have mentioned. I bought it online on Google play store here in the UK which is now the Google store.. Every time I've had an issue with my device they've RMAed it and sent a new device promptly! Hope that answers your question mate EcE That's cool. But it's not at the same level of customer care. They are charging a premium for all their products now and when there are issues, in some cases people are not as lucky as you have been. It's not difficult to find people complaining about waiting for weeks before getting a replacement. Something you can get done at an Apple store. I'm not a fan boy, I wish Google had their shit together but the fact is that they don't in most places in the world. UniBroW That's not as good, and when you had that you also had a hold for the full amount of the phone on your card. Also, good luck having them fix a screen on a broken Pixel C or Nexus 6p if you should be so unlucky to break one rmagruder My burning desire to get a Pixel went down the crapper the day I discovered Camera NX and zero-lag HDR+ auto on the 6P. I'll take my front firing stereo speakers, as well, thank you. Google really really overpriced the Pixel. They almost got away with the camera sleight of hand, but Camera NX fixes that. I'll wait and see what happens with the Pixel 2. And on another note, anyone note that the android audio latency is still not great on a Pixel, and it doesn't sound like other OEM's are stepping up either. Until Google a) delivers its own phone with sub 10ms audio loopback latency through the headphone jack and b) uses its Google Play licensing to make sure every OEM does as well, Android will continue to be a joke in the music-creation/DAW/Smule business. 4Ui812 Hey Trevor , your boss told me to tell you to refer to the Pixel phone as the Fixel from now. 😃 magnamentis no details, just generally think into the same direction but want to add that without that "bias" which you mentioned, one with a clear analytic approach could start to see it coming with the nexus 6 ( i own it ) and the 6p/5x line were in parts confirming my reservations and the pixel has not even been on my list to consider anymore. the last great "nexus" was the N5 which of course i own as well and the nexus 4 at it's time was a very nice phone as well. all the rest like pricing an the likes you mentioned, not talking even about huge bezels and too many flaws (defective devices etc) i'm just wondering how long ti will take (hopefully never) until you will have to divert from your straight line of thinking (and writing) and moderate the little bit that counts to survive (the web is cruel as we know and many don't want to hear the truth but only confirmation that their decisions were smart and right ) kudos and good luck iernie *couldn't care less Sorry, I just had to. You're saying Google could actually care less about you when I think you tried to convey the opposite. ipsofact Well written article. Bienvenido :) ! sebastianer 750€ for a Pixel that still has terrible compass accuracy, also can't retain accuracy, compared to old Phones like the iPhone 5S...using-the-same-google-Maps-application. 24 months of updates... And who knows if it's gonna boot loop or kill the battery in the next 8-12 months like the 5X and the 6P did. I'm gonna wait for the Next pixel line... YouNex Wtf is this article ? No matter which camp you belong to, this will still trigger you ! Calm down AP, sometimes you need to think twice before taking a dump like this.. Mark McCoskey I guess I'm a bit of a fanboy myself. I'm using a 2+ year old Moto Nexus 6 on Project Fi. I prefer the pure Android experience, with it's frequent updates (like Apple iOS). I am not a fan of the Pixel's "Premium" price, though. I'm a cheap bastard. I'm holding out for the release of US Android One's. I even periodically Tweet Sundar about Google's need to open up Fi to all manufactures, making all phones Fi ready, and the NEED for budget, sub $300 pure Android phones and tablets. I like Project Fi's low cost, and want a pure Android phone, tablet to match. ddevito Can we just finally say the Pixel is an overall failure? Whether we're talking hardware, specs, pricing, customer service, etc...This thing so far has been a failure for Google. On this site you're either a Pixel lover or labeled a troll, yet now even the AP staff is writing posts about this. Averix I don't know if you can class it as a failure. They've sold a decent number of them from what we can infer. Even without the wireless charging, waterproofing, and having bezels the size of an iPhone, it seems to be selling ok. Personally, I hate it. It looks like a home button neutered iPhone. But, that doesn't necessarily mean it's a failure in the marketplace. ddevito It's been riddled with issues, they can't make enough or ship them, their customer service is atrocious. And it's extremely expensive. In any other industry that's considered a failure. Google gets a pass because the industry needs and wants a solid Apple competitor. Inexcusable mjsalinger Actually, that's *not* how they define success or failure in any industry. 1) "They can't make enough or ship them". That implies that their demand is far exceeding their planned supply. That's usually a sign of *success* in the marketplace, not failure. 2) Riddled with issues: So that's a hard one to say. Pretty much every consumer device has many issues, and they often get amplified on the Internet. I know several people with Pixels with zero issues, so I'm not sure how widespread the issues really are for most people. 3) "Their customer service is atrocious": What evidence do you have? Google's customer service has been top-notch in the past few years. Also, many product successes happen with poor customer service on the other end. Not the case here, but that doesn't come close to defining it as a "failure". 4) Expensive: That's your subjective opinion. It is on the higher end of phones, but if it's still selling at a high price, that's the very definition of success in an industry, not failure. tl; dr; None of the above points would indicate a failure in any industry - in fact, at least two of them would indicate *success*. Sir_Brizz 1) Or, they just can't produce even a small amount of them quickly. Which, given HTCs history, is not very unlikely here. 2) But it does have at least as many issues as any Nexus phone. 4) It's not subjective to say it's expensive. It's relative to previous Google phones. It's more expensive than the Nexus 6 and the Galaxy Nexus, both also partnered with carriers and relatively more expensive than other Nexus devices. Also, it is the same high price as the most expensive phones in the industry right now. mjsalinger 1) Maybe, that's possible. But the argument was made "they can't keep up with supply, therefore the Pixel is a failure." I'm not making an argument as to whether the Pixel is a failure or not, I'm saying that @ddevito didn't present any real evidence that the Pixel was a failure. I presented one reason why they can't keep up with demand. You presented another. Both are possible. But there's not enough evidence presented here to say which one is true, and neither prove that the Pixel is a failure as a product. 2) As does the Galaxy S7, iPhone 7, etc... Phones have issues. Maybe the Pixel has more, maybe not. But that doesn't define whether it's a failure as a product. 4) Sure, it's more expensive than the previous Google products and at the same high price as the most expensive phones. But the argument was that the product was a failure because it was expensive. My point was an economic one - if people are willing to pay for it at that price, then it's not "extremely expensive" for the market and it's not evidence that the product is a failure.. My whole point is that the Pixel can't be declared a failure by the arguments presented by @ddevito:disqus. They don't add up. Sir_Brizz 1) However, one of the scenarios is actually realistic and lines up with our history of both companies in manufacturing. The other is not. 2) I'm not arguing that the phone is the only one with problems, but I would say that it doesn't have less problems than a normal Nexus phone, which tended to have more problems generally speaking than a mainstream OEM phone would. Again, there is historical precedent on this one. 4) I would argue that it does make the phone less likely to succeed than otherwise, but I don't really know what his fail state was. The Pixel is definitely not a great successor to the Nexus line, definitely not a "new generation" of Google devices, etc. From those perspectives it IS a failure. It could still be a financial success (though, I personally doubt it's much more financially viable than any Nexus phone). ddevito Just because they can't ship them out fast enough does not automatically imply high demand. Not even close, if you believe that you're a blind fanboy and not worthy of an adult conversation. The issues are documented and proven. Not widespread for many but there are definitely issues with a lot, indicating poor quality assurance. Yes their customer service sucks. Not just for Pixel. It takes DAYS for G Suite support to fix my issues at times, I RMA'd a couple devices in the past, absolutely horrendous. Expensive. Okay so by your definition a Ferrari isn't necessarily expensive. The Pixel is a high priced phone. When you sell at that price, expectations rise. Welcome to Capitalism. Take your fanboy cap off once and a while. mjsalinger > Just because they can't ship them out fast enough does not automatically imply high demand. Of course it doesn't. But it also doesn't imply that it's a failure, as you indicated. So, this isn't evidence either way, and you didn't present any. On the issues with the phone, yes they are documented and proven. There are also plenty of documented and proven issues with the Galaxy S7, iPhone 7, etc... This is something that all smartphones have and go through. This is also Google's first phone, so this isn't alone enough to declare the Pixel a "failure", although it's probably your most credible point. > I RMA'd a couple devices in the past, absolutely horrendous. Agree with you there, used to be pretty bad. But their support lately has been outstanding in the device department. I had to RMA a Nexus device recently, went through a couple of diagnostic steps, and then got my replacement phone two days later with a shipping label to ship the old one back. NBD. > Expensive. Okay so by your definition a Ferrari isn't necessarily expensive. The Pixel is a high priced phone. When you sell at that price, expectations rise. Welcome to Capitalism. No, a Ferrari is expensive to me, but not necessarily to the type of person who would buy a Ferrari. Ferrari is targeting a higher price point than I can afford, but there are many who are willing. That's how capitalism works. And it being "expensive" or not doesn't determine that it is a failure. Otherwise, by your own definition, Ferrari's are failures because they are expensive. Last I checked, Ferrari's were selling quite well. This has nothing to do with my being a "Fanboy" or not. It has everything to do with you declaring the Pixel a failure and making arguments to support that fact that don't in any way indicate that the phone is a failure (except maybe the quality one, that's your only decent argument here...) whispy_snippet It has not been "riddled with issues". What nonsense. The odd software bug is something any device experiences whether it be from Google, Apple, Samsung or whoever. They haven't been able to make enough to ship them. That's correct. But that's not a failure of the Pixel but a failure of Google's relationships with suppliers. And finally, on the matter of price, it's not "extremely expensive" when compared to other high end flagship phones. ddevito Right. You just proved my point. When you put it all together you have a failure. Not every product sold is a success, sure they sold a few and sure they probably made money on it (but obviously without disclosing those numbers they're hiding something), but this isn't just any other OEM. It's the platform defacto owner. If Microsoft had a similar experience with the Surface it would have been DOA. Yet Google gets a pass because the media and the Android fanboys won't have it. You're not better than iSheep. whispy_snippet Put what all together? I deconstructed each of your points and the only issue still standing is a supply constraint - not a product problem. The first Surface, hell multiple iterations of the Surface, had its issues. That doesn't make it a failure. What it sounds like, to me, is wishful thinking. You seem to want the Pixel to be a failure so you've constructed some shonky narrative to fit your wish. The Pixel has a supply constraint issue. That's it. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It's impossible for any Google phone to be a failure because, well, because Google. Google could sell a picture of a phone scribbled in crayon as the Pixel 2, and Android web sites would say it's the Best Android Phone of 2017. Self-preservation. Sir_Brizz I just want to give you mad props that you didn't say "we are the product" or some version of that. It's a reciprocal relationship. Google provides us great services and we provide some aggregate data they can use to get more advertisers. The services they provide us are the products they create, not the other way around. I also have to agree that Pixel seems like a departure. I also don't think Google is in a position to compete in the handset market the way the Pixel implies they are. Their support capabilities and turnaround times, and the overall customer experience they can provide, are significantly inferior to even the worst OEM in their price bracket right now (probably HTC, which is saying something). I don't think that's a good thing. It really seems like this program needed some more time to bake, but really it should have been baking since the day they bought Motorola. Patrick Smithopolis The high price is a personal problem. I'm not sure what the lack of new stock has to do with you unless you're looking for a device. The replacement process is not ideal because they don't have brick and mortar stores. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman "...maybe a month-long replacement process of ‘ship and pray’ with buggy refurbished replacements and full-price holds on my credit card." I contacted Google by chat on Friday to describe my problem. My replacement arrives tomorrow. Outside of being able to walk into an Apple store and walk out with the replacement, nobody's warranty support is as good as Google's when purchased from their store. Sir_Brizz You do still have a full price hold on your credit card, though. I generally agree that Google has as good support as you can get with the methods they have available. However, the fact that it is not comparable to their competitors by default means that the phone has a lower value proposition. That's not as much a complaint about their support as it is about their pricing. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman I can't think of a single company that's ever done an advance exchange for me that didn't put a full-price hold on my credit card. It's standard. If you're willing to send it to them first, they won't. But if you want one sent to you first, they have to secure the value. I don't fault this. I don't find the phone incomparable to its competitors at all. But that's a non sequitur. Has nothing to do with the quote I was arguing against. Sir_Brizz I can't think of one, either. But that does make the fact they don't have any real in-store support (even at carrier stores, really) even harder to cope with. Even with Samsung, I can use my carrier store as a last resort if I am having problems. As far as the value proposition, I was pointing out that support plays into the value proposition of the device. From that perspective, it has everything to do with what you were arguing. Kevin Davis Verizon has done a no hold exchange for me, more than once. As a matter of fact, a couple of months ago, I had 2 "extra" iPhone 7 plus 128Gb models in my house that I had to send back to them. It's true, they do have my account info, but they have never placed an additional monetary hold on any card of mine that they have on record. Sir_Brizz Great, if you have Verizon. Oh, I see you were pointing out a company that didn't do a hold. Sorry. I guess there are a few. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman My experience with carriers is that they facilitate the process of the warranty exchange with the manufacturer, but you're still stuck with their terms. So when my daughter's phone's charging port broke, we took it into the carrier, and they charged me a $35 fee to handle the process for us, in which case a backordered replacement was shipped to the store later the next week, which we then came in to pick up. It wasn't a bad experience, but it wasn't a great one. And we had to jump through a lot of hoops to prove the issue to them, which I didn't with Google. And yes, I actually purposefully pay more for my phones to get Google's support. I learned the hard way from earlier Nexus devices how despite sometimes getting a deal from third-party stores, it was worth it to buy from them to gain access to their amazing support. So yes, for me it is part of the value proposition, but in a positive way. Certainly of ALL Android options, since I have zero interest in Apple, they're unrivaled. Sir_Brizz That is completely true, however it's the in-store experience that makes a difference. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman I'd far rather spend 5-10 minutes online from home getting my replacement shipped to me for free than having to go into a store, talk to someone who's less knowledgeable about my phone than I am, convince them to get it replaced, and then pay them an additional $35 to have them facilitate my phone then getting shipped to their store where I have to return to pick it up. Sir_Brizz But most people will feel less like that than you when their phone isn't working at all. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman If it still takes a week to get the replacement as was my experience, I don't see what difference it makes. Again, only Apple's consistently better in this regard, and irrelevant to those of us who don't want Apple products. Sir_Brizz What? I've used AT&T and T-Mobile to get replacements, I just walk in, hand them my broken phone, they give me a new one, and I'm on my way. Sometimes there is a "deductible" or something but if I need my phone right then, that's better than waiting forever. I agree that Apple is consistently better, but the carriers aren't that bad depending on your situation. I guess that Google is somewhat equally comparable to a carrier store in some fringe situations. Daniel Corbett I got one of the Google live cases and within 6 months it's useless. The live case software works only for days before it requires bring reset. After the charging port failed I went through the replace scenario. So far the refurbished replacement is adequate. Hopefully that continues. Kevin Davis I admire you for being able to use one of their"live" cases for 6 months. I purchased one for my Pixel XL and it was the slickest phone case I've ever owned, by far. I could have sprayed my naked phone down with WD40 and had a better grip. VAVAMk_2 One carrier in US and not enough inventory sucks Vega007 Works great on T-Mobile. VAVAMk_2 But for those who buy from carriers only 1 option. I buy from Google, but I know most people in US buy directly from their carrier. Eric Brown I feel like the article over-simplifies the in store experience at the Apple store when dealing with iPhones. It's extremely frustrating in reality. You have to schedule an appointment which is usually days out (same amount of time it would take to ship a Pixel). After scheduling the appointment, and you show up days later at the specified time, you generally have to wait around in the store for the service. Any customer in there trying to buy a new phone is supported immediately, but the existing customer with an appointment is forced to wait around. It's a terrible model and I don't give Apple any points for it. Sir_Brizz This isn't always the case. Especially when I've had a broken device, I can usually get an appointment within a couple hours and they will give me a refurbished device the same day. I have many complaints about Apple support for sure, but they really can't be beat on having a store you can actually go to. ck125 It's ok they will get it next time around (Every time Google does something with a phone). Face it, Google is horrible at product launches/stock with phones. Come on Google. Vega007 Screen, software and camera have to be the three most important things a phone needs to get right, everything else after that is just water under the bridge. And this is why I love my Pixel. Jens Knutson "you're not the customer, you're the product" UGH. Can we *please* retire this lame old chestnut? https://goo.gl/MQ7j26 Very disappointed to see an AP writer using this flawed, populist opinion. The only real problem with the Pixel is that they don't make *nearly* enough of them. That isn't to say it's perfect -- it isn't -- but availability is the only true deal breaker for the masses. (I realize that doesn't mean that people won't have their own individual deal-breakers, especially on a nerd-news site like AP, but don't make the mistake of projecting that onto the mass market. I'm sure the iPhone has some hardware deal-breakers for many AP readers, but that doesn't seem to have held it back either.) whispy_snippet "We the consumers are not Google’s customers." I fundamentally disagree with this. Just because advertisers are Google's customers doesn't mean the regular consumer can't be as well. Google sells a range of hardware products to consumers with varying levels of success. Yes, user data extracted from these devices is very important to Google. But these devices are still physical products being purchased with cash by consumers. This relationship is the same as that of an iPhone purchaser and Apple. The only difference is the product itself. Ryan And youre right. The Nexus was acceptable as a beta becuase it was half priced. At full-price im not buying into a beta. Im not buying a phone with a schizophrenic assistant​, broken bluetooth audio that hasnt been​ resolved in over a year and a garbage messaging platform. If the next Pixel is Nexus priced I'll consider it but goven the current state of the software if I'm paying a premium price im getting a premium phone, the iPhone. Ill start the process with an ipad. After 3 disappointing android tablets im done. So that will really soften the landing when i finally break my 9 year boycott of Apple products. Ian Mitchell Not to mention that you have to be a Verizon customer, which is dumb as hell, unless you buy one unlocked, which is outrageous. Zepid Nonsense. You can finance it just like you would through a carrier or subsidize it through Google's own service. Marcelove @Trevor Newman With Nexus the owners were beta testers of Google's products (me included). We didn't care much about that because the reasons you already wrote here... People now got upset because the experience with Dead Pixel was virtually the same as with Nexus devices, but Google charged a premium price. But at the end, you know who is the responsible? You and every single buyer of a Dead Pixel. So stop whining because you allowed this scenario when you didn't give a f**k when the Nexus program was chopped... You didn't care and happily send hundreds of dollars at Google's way... So man up, stop being a pu**y and accept the fact you are the only one to blame. JD Vote with your wallet, walk away from Google and block them from mining your data David MacKenzie I've had my Pixel since the day it came out in the US. It had been 3 years since I had given the Android world a try. I was overjoyed to finally cast my iPhone aside as the paperweight it was meant to be and get down to customizing my new..."Truely Pure" Google phone. ​Sadly, after 5-months in, I have officially declared the iPhone the more superior of the two. Google did not do a good enough job keeping the fanboys like me happy. The ongoing bugs, the spotty customer service when reaching out and the lack of apology for the bad user experience has left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Where are the damn headphones by the way!? mrjayviper wholeheartedly agree with this article. If I'm paying Apple prices, I might as well get Apple since I know there customer service is topnotch and I can easily go to the hundreds of stores out there. Max Johnson Which is why I ended up getting an iPhone for the first time. JD Me too. Aaron Yeah, top notch. Tell that to all those iPhone 6plus users with the death screen disease and Apple does nothing... mrjayviper Out of warranty? I don't think Google supports out of warranty devices to Aaron You missed the point. Point is, Apple produced a product with a design flaw that affected nearly 40% of the users. They went cheap with a connector to the main board. And if that phone fails at month 13 (even though it is a known flaw, in the Auto industry this would have had a government mandated recall), but Apple with it's top notch customer service tells the consumer to pound sand. I worked retail and it was funny that people could be on their 3rd replacement iPhone with same issues (speakers, mics, button, etc) yet they are okay with that shoddy product. One time an Android fails it's "Android phones are cheap junk).". Smh donkeygoat Welcome Trevor! A good read! I like many, when hearing about the rumblings of the pixel was excited and then disappointed when it was released with the price. I am still kinda confused what the pixel is and where it wants to be. For example, my mate has been disappointed with the pixel's bluetooth. Connection is less reliable and the sound quality isn't as good as what you would expect a 'traditional flagship'. Then he finds out that the pixel doesn't support run of the mill codecs such as aptx. Now the nexus never had aptx and I thought the reasoning for that was because the nexus devices was more a cost effective option for developers. Why would Google waste money on spending licencing fees for aptx when the primary goal was to get the latest 'stock android' into developers hands? The pixel on the other hand is a premium priced phone for consumers - and sure, the there's plan for it in O, but I would argue that it should have been in place from the beginning if the phone was so consumer focused. bekifft Ideally these problems will all be solved when the phone is truly made by Google. It's painfully obvious that this first generation Pixel is just slapped together from the HTC spare parts bin. I look forward to their first REAL first party phone. jawsnnn I'm fine with the Pixel being what it is as phone "zero". But the next version better hit it out of the park in every single way or it is a dead fish to me. James Briano I'm gonna drive my 6P into the ground then check out iPhones. Google's been telling me "wait until next year" since the Galaxy Nexus. Cecil Hardwood You are 100% correct but it is ok. Google users are loyal to a fault and will continue giving the company a pass. Almost every product Google releases is a beta product so people are use to Google falling short. Just look at ChromeBooks. While not made by Google, Google fanboys use them and I have noticed that "Good Enough" is the new mantra because they are cheap (in price). Google has trained their followers to expect less while giving more. Berni Hargrove Hold on now, Chromebooks are more than good enough if you go price for price on a cheap laptop. There's no way that $200 Windows laptop with 2gigs of ram is performing on the same level as a $200 Chromebook with the same specs. In addition the reason why "Good Enough" applies to this is because the average person wants to pay very little for a computer, but have it be "fast and last a long time" to effectively browse and use Office. Anyone here should know, unless you are getting over on someone, the least you should pay for decent laptop is $500, but the amount of times I've had people in Best Buy whine that that's too expensive for them to just be using Office and small tasks is frequent. Google can make good products that are ready for primetime when they don't have their ass or in the clouds, but sadly as their messaging strategy has showed us, that's increasingly uncommon. JD This post echoes all of my feelings. I want to love you Google and I'm willing to compromise. But not with what you want for the Pixel I'm not paying for that privilege to beta test for you and those recent shit decisions you've made Google. Adrian G I couldn't agree more. I've owned every Google phone other than the first. I reluctantly bought the Pixel XL at iPhone matching prices. Same price as the iPhone but no where near the service you get from Apple. To make matters worse, do you know how embarrassing it is when once every few times I try to connect to my chromecast to Netflix but it fails and then my wife's iPhone 6 connects no problem. Why does an iPhone work better with Chromecast than a Google Pixel!!! Michael2011 Google Pixel: Priced like an iPhone​ but without the iPhone support. Google's also continuing to data mine the heck out of the user. No thanks Google. Margaritas Ante Porcos Some of us are simply tired of this game of fighting Google just to be able to use a phone. It's 2017 now. We're supposed to be using normally working Android phones by now and yet Google is still experimenting and "labratting" us. And when it comes to any problem, Google never reacts, leaving us on our own with draining batteries or any other fckps. Maybe it's time for some of us to to go vocations for couple years to an Apple world. Where problems are rare and are fixed like it's Apple's business to take care of customers. I miss Apple. No company screws paying customers like Google does. It's not normal. Roy https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fef4fa148cb6b5c2f15fcd856ec70e90ed88abb6606e0f6554b4d09654040535.png Max Johnson X-tra Bezel. Eric Marciniak Doesn't help that Best Buy has a giant iPhone 7 ad that literally blocks the pixel display from view right when you walk in haha. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/8283702e9d03a34df4cfb2bd525ea593d0304d3937690392b7b3acc57eb7620e.jpg Berni Hargrove Best Buy is terrible with product placement. Shit literally changes every season if not more. Good luck finding anything remotely niche on your own. lol Jon E. Great article. Just fix the end with "couldn't care less" :) abc My favorite argument from Pixel fanboys is the imaginary tremendous sales that they keep claiming. Obviously, no official figures exist so one must speculate. But the facts are that the Pixel is only sold in 5 countries. That instantly makes it hard to have a phone with insane sales. Now if we presume that those countries are purchasing millions of Pixels, then we have to wonder why we don't see Pixels out in the wild nearly everyday in those countries. Obviously, if you sold millions of devices in a country, you expect to see a lot of those devices in people's hands. But we don't. Berni Hargrove While I agree with a lot of what you said, some of your logic is flawed. Take america for example. There's over 150 million people here. It would take at least 15 million in sales here alone, just to see 1 in 10 people with it. john o’carroll I absolutely love your article! I have suffered the wrath of an extremely poor customer service on project fi and the flawed design of the Nexus 6P. RIP Nexus...Long story short, 5 phones later, all of which had the same problem with the frame and screen separation. Never allowed to return my phone for a refund and ended up leaving project fi and back to T-Mobile. Amazing what brick and mortar stores​ do for a company in keeping their customers happy. Keep up the good work Trevor! Gary The pixel is not a good phone. It has the worst reception of any cell phone that I've ever owned. It has a nice camera though. Insight Spinner I'm a Google fangirl. I admit it. I find this rant lackluster, but just like with Google I'll forgive you diluting the quality of your product in hopes the end result will be superior. I'll forgive you for not actually serving my needs, but rather, focusing on your own in the hours that eventually what you are saying will accidentally have greater benefit to me. Heeyyyy...Wait. Are YOU Google? Welcome! SimonPieman If you live in a big city, and an Apple store is a few blocks away, there might be some merit for this. For me, if I wanted to visit an Apple store, it's a 400 mile trip for a store replacement. Google on the other hand both times have had a posted replacement in my hands within 24 hours. I much prefer Google's model, it's universally suitable for everything, not just city dwellers. C Lo Good first article Trevor. Welcome aboard. Suyash Bansal I liked the article. 🙃 Orjuan Google Pixels customer service is great if you ask me. It takes like a week to get a replacement, not a month. Also, comparing it to the One Plus 3T is unfair, you didn't mention the superior processing and graphical power and the fact that it gets updates for the next 5-8 years. It also features Google Assistant, which is a big selling point. Add all those up and pixel is worth the extra 400. Plus, I got a regular pixel, with a two year protection plan, 128 GB, and it's still cheaper than iPhone. Google Pixel is a commercial and consumer success. Do your research before spouting out shit, all you did was look at the obvious facts and ignored the small stuff that counts. "UGHHHHH, it has a better camera and that's it.". RESEARCH YOUR TOPICS, Google Pixel is $400 more than One Plus 3T because it's better! Orjuan Plus, Nexus was barely Google at all, they just supplied the best version of Android while hiring an OEM to make the parts and design, while slapping their logo on it. Nexus was good, but not Google's essence, it was a startup for Pixel, which is 100% Google. AJZ16 couldn't care less* usamaisawake I had an entire column of pixels that were not working properly. Thing is my Pixel arrived in the first shipment and I had to leave the country so I didn't umbox it until 4 weeks later. When I called to let them know, they were curious why I waited so long and I explained I hadn't turned it on till just then. They didn't give me any trouble with it and exchanged it right away. They sent the new phone and then after I received it I shipped the old back to them. Perhaps this was still early in the release of the phone so they felt more obligated to make sure the experience was good. Phil Rowley My pixel bricked. I thought Google's customer service (along with bestbuy even though I paid for their stupid geek squad) were horrible. I hate to say it but Verizon was the most helpful and luckily I pay for their monthly insurance. Colin Richardson I miss the Nexus line.. Thankfully I can still buy some Nexus 5X phones (not refurbished). But that will not last. I have no idea what I will do for a phone after that.. I want a Stock Android phone, not a Stock Android Flagship phone. Max Johnson There are plenty of stock-like flagship and non-flagship Android phones. HTC, Sony, Moto and OnePlus are all stock based at varying prices. If you want direct update from Google and good customer service that's a different story, I think that's the main thing now, to get the same quality of support as Apple on Android. I'm surprised to get frequently updates from Sony with latest monthly security patches on my X Compact. Micah T "couldn't* care less." Think about it.... Tr3ple I bought a Pixel XL for 370 and I threw my Galaxy S7 edge in the drawer LMAO 😂 oh Happy day. Sammy Phillips 370 USD? or 370 Euro? Tr3ple USD, bought it 220 with a broken screen and fixed it for 150. So I spent 370. Sammy Phillips I definitely prefer Android but iMessage is really nice. It's a ubiquitous rich media messaging platform. I wish they'd bring it to Android. Tr3ple Yeah but to sell me the phone so cheap? I guess lol, I'm not complaining mtz Interesting article however, in the same way Microsoft is not really trying to sell the overpriced Surface Studio , Google is not trying to sell Pixels. Why? Simple. Goole has OEM partners that have supported the Android platform by providing the hardware from the beginning. While it one thing for Google to partner with a carrier each year and release a basic Nexus phone its an entirely different thing for them to release top tier Device and undercut thoes partners on price. Tony Bundy Replied via non-existent really blue Pixel. Yes, wasn't easy but here I am. 😀 Pixel.ization.alism Well precisely Google Blue would be #4285F4 not #4485ED if you would ask. Zuxs13 This was a rather poor opinion piece. You make claims like you can't "easily get a replacement pixel" which is completely untrue. The Apple store is hardly the only place that sells phones and offers good customer service. The OP3T might be readily available, but most consumers have no clue what it is or where to even buy one and would rather buy a phone that is sold at their service provider or local best buy and is supported by 24/hr support service. das "Couldn't care less" - if one *could* care less, than it currently cares. Lindsay Meyer I mentioned this in another thread but feel it probably merits its own post here, coming from the perspective of a disenchanted iPhone user who now owns a Pixel (and is still disenchanted). I've been an Apple user for a long time. Loved the iPhones and loyally stuck by them, albeit with a little less enthusiasm every year after iPhone 4s. I was bored, wanting to venture outside the Apple cycle (which is hard to break once you've spent $$$$$ over the years in apps and compatible Apple devices) and bitter that Apple essentially abandons support of their costly older models and all but forces you to continually upgrade. Also, I was tired of clinging to Apple's old identity as a game changer, seeing as their 7 was a nothing but new shade of lipstick, or worse, new packaging on the same lipstick (and their upgraded iOS just made using the hardware on my 6s buggier and more annoying - using the home button w/ fingerprint ID was enough to make me want to hurl my phone at the ground). SO.. Hubby, a long time member of the opposing Android camp, finally talked me into the Pixel, which is what I have now. I gotta say, aside from the gorgeous camera and the option to stick some widgets on my display, it's kind of a let down. The fact that it was the same cost as an iPhone is, honestly, shocking. Many have said before me, and it's true, that Apple doesn't want the risk of unveiling truly new and innovative features. When Jobs left, there was no one crazy enough to continue to push the envelope and risk failure of Apple's #1 moneymaker, so now Apple excels at what Android (or at least my Pixel) does not - fluid, exceptionally clear and reliable usability and an unfailingly friendly UI, omnipresent support and a $#¡+ ton of amazing, well-supported apps. Other phones, incl my Pixel, will have more innovative features, but Apple with come right behind it and perfect those features. That's what they do now. Still glad I didn't get the iPhone 7; Apple didn't deserve my business, but Pixel has been a disappointment to me thus far. For the price, I'd prefer my husband's Nexus 6. I think he'd prefer his old HTC if it had front-facing speakers lol. I just don't feel there's a lot of good options out there right now that justify the cost. I have given serious thought to trying to find a replacement comparable to the old Sanyo 6100 (yes, that one) and then throwing an iPad or a tablet in my purse. Maybe even that old B&O phone would be fun. I'm just tired of my need for a smartphone to be continually exploited by these inferior products; half the time they break right after the warranty expires, and like an endentured servant, I'm forced into the process all over again. Also, the fact that this Pixel wants to track everything I do scares the bejeezus out of me. I'm sure Apple has done the same thing more covertly for years, but seeing everything I say, type, search, view, read.. not to mention every place I eat at, travel to or shop.. neatly organized into a little packaged profile makes me feel like a product more than ever. Eliminating Google's permissions to track this info also eliminates much of the Pixel's functionality as a smart phone with fluid communication between apps. I should have probably mentioned this first because I absolutely hate that aspect of it. Renee Looker I don't know about anyone else's opinion on the Pixel phone but I have the Pixel XL Blue and have had it since release. I've not had any issues with my phone, absolutely love it. Really quite eager to see what Google will be releasing next, the rumors are on the rise on what's up next. Nicholas Conrad Great article! techieland You and we are the customers when it come to the Pixel and Pixel Xl. And even the late and great Nexus products to some extent. Personally I think the Pixel phones were a fail, Google should have stuck to making reference level phones to ensure the manufacturers understand what the minimum an Android phone is supposed to be like. Samsung and OnePlus obviously gets it but it seems LG, HTC, & Motorola, are struggling despite all 3 being manufacturers of Nexus/AOSP devices. sgtguthrie *couldn't care less Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 22 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 98 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 104 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 125 queries | 0.802s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 58 Plus 1 on G+ 259 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares382 News Videos Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Always-listening voice assistants, like Google Now/Assistant or Alexa, can't really tell the difference between you talking and someone else (unless you have Trusted Voice enabled on Android). Maybe you've watched a few tech videos where someone said "Ok Google," and your phone started talking back. Burger King seems to be the first company to purposely trigger Google Now/Assistant in a television ad. In the below video, a Burger King employee says "Ok Google, what is the whopper burger," right before the ad ends: As mentioned above, turning on Trusted Voice on your Android devices gets around this, but the Google Home has no such option. Searching Google Trends for "what is the whopper burger" shows a graph of Burger King's victims: If you wanted to be funny and edit the Whopper page on Wikipedia to say something else, the page has already been locked due to vandalism. It also looks like someone from Burger King changed the page immediately before rolling out the ad to list the ingredients at the top (which has since been reverted). Let us know in the comments below if you've seen the ad on TV. Source: Buzzfeed Update 1: 2017/04/12 11:54am PDT Looks like Google isn't too happy about this ad either, because that voice command has actually been disabled. Interestingly, it only stops the commercial from asking the question, it still works manually. Google disabled the voice command for Burger King's commercial 😂😂 (it previously worked) pic.twitter.com/xDWF4wDS1Z — Niv Dror (@Nivo0o0) April 12, 2017 End of Update Tags burger king google assistant google now google search hotword OK Google okay google video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story Verizon Galaxy Note5 and S6 edge+ receiving Android 7.0 Nougat updates ... Next Story Qualcomm ordered to pay out nearly a billion dollars to BlackBerry over royalty dispute Trending 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments TechGuy22 ah Sup Hah. That's actually quite smart. MJ Pissing off potential customers is smart? Nicholas C They will get tons of free attention from this. So yea. Sup People get pissed off so easily :/ EowynCarter Well, yeah, I don't like ads. So intrusive ad like this tends to get the opposite effect. MisterAlex If I'd theoretically been watching cable television (which I don't subscribe to) and this ad came on and triggered my phone and/or Home, I'd be far more amused than irritated. And it's not like Google would have ever let it last long, anyway. Impulse_Vigil It's amusing for all of 5s, sets a bad precedent and encourages a drove of similar stunts tho. Ryan Johnson Yeah what a shame that people get pissed off from having some advertisement take advantage of their devices to read marketing BS at them. Not to mention editing & hassling Wikipedia to have the first paragraph say what they want. Everyone already knows what the Whopper is anyway AndroidUser00110001 Funny... Kieron Quinn In before someone really good at SEO makes a site which takes over the card read out by the Home to say something against BK Kieron Quinn Or, as it's been done before, simply edit the wikipedia page at the right time so the spider resets the text to say it Corbin Davenport The Whopper page is already edit locked. Kieron Quinn Shame. Will have to be an elaborate SEO trick then My1 it's semi-locked only though. meaning only registered members can edit iirc. Pessimippopotamus Google Home needs trained voice recognition like yesterday. the_secret The article does mention "trusted voice" can be enabled, like today! Suicide_Note Not on Google Home devices it can't. EcE Reading and comprehension is hard. nxtiak Trusted voice is only on phones. UniBroW Beta product is Beta ilovetesla this is not stupid , its smart guys EcE It's bullshit. MisterAlex No, it's brilliant. It is obvious from the onset that the voice response would be disabled on the back-end by Google—so it would, at worst, be a nuisance for Home owners for a very brief time. But we're all watching the video and discussing it. This very short, very low-budget video has more than done its job. EcE Sure, it got people talking about it but I'm sure everyone who got caught off guard by it went running to their nearest BK. Marcelove If you are an idiot, then sure it is bullshit. EcE aaaaand blocked Powsniffer0110 Wahhh JD Stupid like a fox. Kwetsima Maluleke Hmm. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd13dabd7f3d4c34cb64cf739e07667abaae63d75d00f8bde0825356ec5533c0.png Dallas King https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9e0913e1541e50871ddd3c59f560aa29f35950c5071a10e04a0b71e1f539d4e6.jpg MJ It should be illegal (but it is not nor will ever be) and Google should do something about it? The only thing they can do and should do is allow owners to change the activation phase or enable Trusted Voice on the Android Home. David Brideau LOLLLLL! mondeca Thank goodness I always fast-forward through commercials. deprofeet Brilliant... mondeca Of course this triggered an edit war on the Wikipedia page for the Whopper. JD Soon all commercials will just be "Ok Google, tell me about x" Syukri Lajin should we blame them? or Google's suck-ass voice recognition? ilovetesla turning on trusted voice is the only way out of this issue but AP says home doesnt support trusted voice Biff Wonsley Another way is to let us change the Google in OK Google to Jarvis, Beavis, Nadine, whatever. Google deserves this for not letting us customize. ilovetesla saying OK Google sucks, custom trigger voices must be made zurcaled11 This is an evolution of the Google Home Beauty and the Beast ad. Google definitely is in on it. And unfortunately it makes me want the Google Home less. demarcmj Google was not "in on it" (per the source article) But I agree stuff like this only makes me less interested in a Google Home (even though my interest level was very low to begin with). zurcaled11 You are right, the update to the article definitely makes it clear Google was not OK with it. If you want ads pushed through Google Home, you apparently have to go through Google! demarcmj Very interesting. They moved pretty fast on that. Andy J As they should of, this ad was harmless - but the next one - might not be. And as people often leave the room during adverts - a lot of people wouldn't necessarily be there to witness it adding a calendar entry or adding something to a shopping list - or further into the future - record "exciting new program" on Thursday. John Samuel αΩ It was only a matter of time. Michael Crider Quarter-pound beef patty, lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, mayo, ketchup, sesame seed bun. Bullshit you can't tell me that in 15 seconds. ilovetesla laziness at its best Brandon David Obert Isn't that a Big.... You know what never mind ilovetesla r u the real Michael Crider Michael Crider No, I kidnapped him and put him in a well in my basement and now I'm wearing his skin. ilovetesla i knew it...calling 108 ....wait ...i cant do it accessing ur disqus profile throws a 404 paxmos OK Google, what happened to Michael Crider? Carson Saldanha Nope, he's an imposter using polyjuice potion ilovetesla why dot you have the AP staff badge near your disqus name your companions artem and jeff has them Michael Crider I don't work here anymore. ilovetesla nnnnnnooooooo.....i didnt know that man........ roberto.elena Don't ex-cops get ex-cops' badges? Michael Crider I wish I could customize them but Disqus only lets one site have one badge. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Wow man..just like that? No farewell post nothing? You sir were one of my fav AP writers, even when you clearly had a different political alignment (like that matters...or does it?). Anyways all the best for your future endeavours. P.S. I would just like to take this opportunity while I can to express my sincere apologies for a reply I once posted under an article of yours covering the FBI app for most wanted criminals. I kinda photoshopped your profile pic and name in the screenshot for the app just for fun.. It got deleted instantly making me realise that maybe I shouldn't have(?) But I assure you it was just for fun, no disrespect intended. Well, so long. Powsniffer0110 He had a farewell article I thought. Jay Burger King's face right now. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a81da022eefe3eb5833231aa2593041d2bc8f33bbecb98f3e2dcba6e83e2d85d.jpg DJ SPY Haha this is pretty funny. Is it too much to ask for you guys to have a sense of humor? Why call it stupid? JSo It activates my phone but it tells me it can't recognize my voice. So they didn't get a search from me. Orlando aka Pixel XL Burger King use to be decent.... Syukri Lajin Oh look. an update. Whataburger must be enjoying those free advertising it's getting now. ROFL. this got me thinking, will they keep breaking the search results until it stops promoting a company? or will they actually fix it? lol Matt74UK Stupid? I think that was a rather amusing idea. I prefer the Big King to the Whopper though. mark555055d hmm, now the guy in the commercial can no longer use his Google home. :) Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Nah, all he needs is a helium balloon.. Ryan If only Google had allowed us to define our own activation phrases. NunjaBusiness I have been asking for that ever since the first iteration. I want so badly to say to my phone: "Bitch, what is the weather going to be tomorrow?" Adam Margeson I think that, if not for Trusted Voice, you would end up activating several people's devices given that were an option. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yet another reason why I'm glad I don't have Google Home or "Ok Google" enabled on my phone. Now, if he says "Alexa wikipedia whopper burger" next time, then I'd be in trouble. Тарас Мукин Well, the idea of putting "OK Google" in the commercial was pretty obvious. And to be honest — this is a really good execution. Clear and simple. I understand that it pisses people off, and I think I would be pissed too, but this is a good ad — executed good and works good (well, at leas worked until Google stepped in) Leahelm Thank goodness Google stepped up, hope BK and everyone else learns stuff like this is obnoxious. tim242 Google Home is obnoxious... Leahelm Lucky for you then you don't have to buy one Nogib Random aside: how is it that Amazon's TV ads don't trigger my Echo when they say "Alexa"? MisterAlex Amazon controls bot their own commercials and the back-end for Alexa search... so I'm guessing they make sure to put in exceptions to prevent talking to themselves. Sir_Brizz This, plus there are a few tricks that you can use to avoid this like checking for a specific background tone. Leonardo Baez Is a shit$# move from burger king.... But genius one as well. JD NO ONE CAN ADVERTISE IN CHEEKY FASHION EXCEPT US! - Google. Francois Roy Believe it or not, those Google bad foks disabled the command in Assistant, but NOT in OG Google Now!! XD Mike Miller The case could be made that this is already illegal and Burger King broke the law. Technically, it is an intentional and unauthorized use of someone else's personal device. I mean, it would be a ridiculous case, but the case could be made. MisterAlex Nah. You consent to too much "okay, I'm letting this thing listen to the world" fine print for that to ever hold water. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Burger King burgers are terrible. saimin Who is more evil? Burger King or Pepsi or United Airlines or Sean Spicer? tim242 United Airlines, Google, Sean Spicer, Pepsi...in that order. Notice, I added one and subtracted one. Max Johnson Out of all of those, I would say the diabetes inducing brand. Marcelove I don't usually call people bad names, but this article has a level of stupidity that is impossible to avoid: Corbin, do you only sucks Google's dick or you allow him to put in your ass too? It is Google's responsability that the device is being triggered by the commercial... So stop being a pussy trying to blame Burger King instead your boss (Google's ads paying AP). Following your thoughts, if you install Philip's lights at home and let Google Home control it, and a commercial is launched on tv about the lights, showing how it works , where a actor says the commands, making the lights at your home be changed, it is the maker of the ad responsible for this situation, and not Google... Typical case of someone trying to "blame the others", instead of blaming the real responsible for something that you don't like because the real responsible has some relation with you... Sir_Brizz WTFH? Of course it would be the ad maker's fault in your example. The ad creator acted in bad faith. I personally know I could probably activate all kinds of smart home commands through a TV commercial including turning on/off sprinklers, locking/unlocking doors, turning on/off lights, fireplaces, opening garages, etc. I don't do that because it would damage my reputation and brand to act in bad faith in that way. That's also why this commercial is so stupid. What does it do other than damage Burger King's reputation and brand? There is probably a higher than average chance that people who own devices this would activate already know what a "Whopper burger" is so it doesn't increase brand awareness. Best case scenario, you mildly piss people off. Not a great best case. Honestly, why would you even start to blame Google for this? They could do the same thing with Alexa or anything else. Makes you wonder why they specifically targeted Google devices. james fuston Still happening on my Google Home Andy J That's odd - it's been blacklisted on Google's end - doesn't require any updates on your end. Glich Trusted voice is only a Partial fix. I have it on my phone yet Jeff Jarvis on this week in google sets off my phone at least once per show.. some times 4-5 times.. Ibrahim Yusuf It never triggers for me, not for any video on the internet. Not even my brother can activate the Assistent on my phone Jovic Corcega You have Trusted Voice turned on, that's why. Hogarth Ferguson It was pretty quick to be put down, but pretty clever while it lasted. I still wont buy a whopper, but tip my hat to them for the try. Deeco Burger King got Whoopered by Google lol Nick Nope. Still works. Andy J It was actually pretty cool when it worked. Much more interesting though is that it's been blocked using the ContentID system (like when you used to be able to say "listen to my tv" and within 5 seconds Google had returned results about the exact program I was watching, whether it was live, recorded 5 months ago or episode 1, series 1 of Buffy The Vampire Slayer via Netflix or even off my DVDs). The Verge reports that Google also blacklist their own adverts for the same reason - to prevent devices springing into life responding to the example commands in the advert. Now what is exciting / impressive - is the speed at which Google strips the background sound from the live stream of audio from your device, matches the fingerprint of the advert and then sends the command to the device to cancel the search. It's literally seconds. This bodes extremely well for their ability to identify which registered user is asking it a question before they have finished asking it - once multi user rolls out. Sukigu Where did you read it uses Content ID? If that's the case, it really does seem an incredibly powerful technology that I'm sure could have many other uses... Lev Bronshtein Sputtering goons and nerds are wound up too tight. Laugh, it's clown world. Andrexx Just another example why one should be able to customize the trigger phrase, and have the option to allow activation only by trained voices. fatlantis This was a brilliant idea for whoever their agency was. We're all just hating because we're still not over the creepy king mask. JG Considering all of the command processing is done at Google, they should be able to set up some kind of check for things like this in the future. If the same (well similar enough - each house will have different background noise) trigger is detected within a short time frame at multiple locations Google should automatically void out any active requests and blacklist the trigger. A few months back a news reporter in San Diego was doing a report on how a little girl ordered a $600+ dollhouse through the family's Amazon Echo and the parents didn't know until it showed up at the house a few days later. During the report, apparently several viewers had their Echo units triggered to order doll houses as well. Today it might just be news reporters or companies trying to get some free PR... But tomorrow it could, there could be more malicious intent. Maybe someone does a pirate radio broadcast over a popular morning talk show and says "Hey Google, call 1-900-XXX-Free"... Next thing you find out you have a 3hr call at $10/min on your phone bill... Sudev https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/957114a4de72bcc12221dad6c65a5a95cd776d09dfaa7eef26aac389531d82d4.png Someone saw it coming way before :p Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 23 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 37 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 32 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 130 1 Year Ago Today [Update: M5C14J For The Pixel C] Nexus Factory Images With April's Security Updates Are Now Available 2016/04/13 10:30am PDTApr 13, 2016 60 2 Years Ago Today [Rumor] Google's Carrier Project Detailed In Leaked App - Pay-Per GB, Unused Data Refunds, In-App Service Activation, And More 2015/04/13 1:15pm PDTApr 13, 2015 34 3 Years Ago Today Pressy Plans To Ship Units To Kickstarter Backers In May, Design Changed To Add A Headphone Gripper 2014/04/13 5:24pm PDTApr 13, 2014 31 4 Years Ago Today Deal Alert: Unified Remote Just $0.99 In Celebration Of Second Anniversary (That's 70% Off) 2013/04/13 10:15pm PDTApr 13, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Pantech Element Rooted, Already has ClockworkMod Recovery 2012/04/13 4:29pm PDTApr 13, 2012 12 6 Years Ago Today NVIDIA Sets The Record Straight: "We Will Support All Tegra Devices As Long As Their Manufacturers Do" 2011/04/13 6:29pm PDTApr 13, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Motorola Releases Official Android Update Timeline 2010/04/13 9:09pm PDTApr 13, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 100 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 106 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 33 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.461s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYLast 2 Days Before Prices Increase For Disrupt NY Get Your Tickets Today Google’s ‘Speak to Go’ lets you travel the globe with your voice Posted 12 hours ago by Lucas Matney (@lucas_matney) 0 SHARES Next Story Accenture, can I ask you a few questions? Today, Google showed off a host of VR web applications on its new WebVR Experiments page, one of which lets you explore the world using voice search. “Speak to Go” is optimized to work with VR headsets on its Daydream and Cardboard platforms buy you can also try it out on your phone or computer without a headset, you just need to enable the mic on Chrome and get to voice exploring. Tap the space bar and say an address and Google will drop you at that exact location if there’s Street View data available, say a city or country and the web app will place you somewhere random allowing you to discover new vistas. On desktop the app is just a gimmicky voice search tool for Google Maps, but on a Google Cardboard headset you get a more real sense of exploration as you’re cut off from other forms of input and it’s just you speaking and moving your head to explore. The app showcases the strengths of WebVR in getting new users into experiences that are seamless and intuitive. WebVR allows users to visit virtual reality experiences in a browser just by visiting a URL. In November, Google debuted its Earth application on HTC’s Vive platform, this latest update brings some of the views to mobile 360 on Cardboard and Daydream. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Boomerang Joins The Subscription Games | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Popular Posts Featured Stories Boomerang Joins The Subscription Games | Crunch Report VIDEO | 4:35 | Crunch Report Get up close and personal with Boeing’s svelte new spacesuit 9 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Accenture, can I ask you a few questions? 12 hours ago | Jonathan Shieber Justin Kan’s new startup Atrium is raising $10 million to disrupt the legal industry 12 hours ago | Ryan Lawler Don’t run commercials designed to trigger smart assistants 14 hours ago | Brian Heater Latest From TechCrunch Uber reportedly tracked Lyft drivers using a secret software program named ‘Hell’ 1 hour ago | Catherine Shu Elmodis raises a $4.9M round to find the soul of a new machine 3 hours ago | John Biggs A radio signal hack is what made those Dallas warning sirens go nuts 3 hours ago | Taylor Hatmaker Crunch Report | Boomerang Joins The Subscription Games 4 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Comment moderation powered by Up Next Accenture, can I ask you a few questions? Posted 12 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Software Engineer in Test @ ThoughtSpot at ThoughtSpot (San Francisco, CA, United States) Engineering Program Manager @ Brava Home at Brava Home (San Francisco, CA, United States) Global Supply Manager @ Brava Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Backend Java Engineer @ Returnly at Returnly (Larkspur, California 94939, United States) Senior Frontend Engineer @ Onfleet at Onfleet (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Uber reportedly tracked Lyft drivers using a secret software program named ‘Hell’ 1 hour ago by Catherine Shu Elmodis raises a $4.9M round to find the soul of a new machine 3 hours ago by John Biggs A radio signal hack is what made those Dallas warning sirens go nuts 3 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Crunch Report | Boomerang Joins The Subscription Games 4 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Apple might have a secret team working on glucose sensor technology for diabetes 4 hours ago by Sarah Buhr In Portland, Uber launches initiative to add electric vehicles to its fleet 6 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Yext is set to raise $115.5M in its IPO after final pricing 7 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Nintendo reveals Joy-Con battery grips and new color, standalone Switch dock 7 hours ago by Darrell Etherington BlackBerry’s stock had a great day after the company won a big dispute with Qualcomm 8 hours ago by Brian Heater Let’s meet in Longmont, Colorado next week 8 hours ago by John Biggs
gizmodo Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Sploid Paleofuture io9 Science Reviews Field Guide Burger King's Dystopian New Ad Campaign Is Already a Cyanide and Toenail Clippings Disaster [UPDATED] Sidney FussellYesterday 2:40pm Filed to: burger king internet of things 176 10 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Screencap: Google/YouTube Just hours after launching, Burger King’s new smart home ad campaign is already crashing like the goddamn Hindenburg. On Wednesday, the company released a weirdly intrusive 15-second spot designed to intentionally trigger viewers’ Google Home devices. In theory, the devices would then read back a list of the Whopper’s ingredients from Wikipedia. Anonymous online vandals, however, had other ideas. Advertisement At the end of the new Burger King commercial, an actor faces the camera and uses the Google Home’s command phrase to ask, “Okay, Google, what is the Whopper burger?” After news of the ad broke, Wikipedia users began editing the site’s entry for the burger, adding previously unknown Whopper ingredients such as cyanide, toenail clippings and “medium-sized child” to its description. Some of the best edits, intended to be spoken aloud across the country once the ad triggered viewers’ Google Homes, have been: “The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100% rat and toenail clippings with no preservatives or fillers, topped with sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce, pickles, ketchup, and mayonnaise, served on a sesame-seed bun.” “The ‘Whopper’ is a cancer-causing hamburger product sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain Burger King.” “The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100% medium-sized child with no preservatives or fillers, topped with sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce, pickles, ketchup, and mayonnaise, served on a sesame-seed bun.” “The ‘Whopper’ is the worst hamburger product sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain Burger King.” “The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100% medium-sized child with no preservatives or fillers, topped with sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce, cyanide, pickles, ketchup, and mayonnaise, served on a sesame-seed bun.” “[The Whopper] has undergone several reformulations including resizing and bread changes, yet it remains far inferior to the Big Mac.” “The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100% medium-sized child with no preservatives or fillers, topped with sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce, cyanide, pickles, ketchup, and mayonnaise, served on a sesame-seed bun.” Interestingly, those vandals are just following Burger King’s lead. According to the article’s revision history, the Burger King Corporation edited the page itself earlier this month to claim that the sandwich is “also known as America’s favorite burger” and that “Whopper and America’s Favorite Burger are trademarks of Burger King Corporation.” Advertisement As if it weren’t creepy enough that a major corporation is triggering smart home devices to feed their owners idiotic ad copy, that same corporation is also editing an online encyclopedia in order to better use it for marketing. For now, the Wikipedia page has been locked with a neutral definition. The ad is set to air on major networks like Adult Swim, History, Spike, Comedy Central, MTV, E!, and Bravo. Capitalism, you wild. Advertisement Sponsored Update: 4/12/17 5pm ET: In fewer than three hours, Google has reportedly disabled the Whopper command. Google Home will no longer trigger when the ad plays. It was a stupid and invasive idea, but after Pepsi implied its product cured racism, it’s unlikely this will spark enough fervor for any major change with either BK or Google. Hopefully no one ever tries anything this dumb again. [Business Insider] Internet Of Shit The Internet Of Things Is Still Hackable as Hell TV Report on Accidental Amazon Orders Triggers Attempted Amazon Orders Across San Diego Alexa Now Offers Medical Advice, Because Your Hypochondria Wasn't Bad Enough Sidney Fussell sidney.fussell@gizmodo.com @sidneyfussell Of course I have pages. I had pages five years ago. How anyone can believe I don’t defies belief. Reply176 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Gizmodo Inmates Stashed Two Homebrew Computers in Ohio Prison's Ceiling, Used Them to Do More Crimes Yesterday 12:19pm Gizmodo Why You're Still Using Microsoft Word Yesterday 3:31pm Gizmodo A Deceptively Simple Test Just Taught Us Something New About Elephant Intelligence Yesterday 1:42pm Recent from Sidney Fussell 10 165 49K Gizmodo · Sidney Fussell EPA Head Scott Pruitt Requests a 24/7 Security Detail as He Prepares to Gut the Agency Yesterday 10:25am 19 267 62.3K Gizmodo · Sidney Fussell Sean Spicer Concedes Hitler Used Chemical Weapons on Jews in 'the Holocaust Centers' Tuesday 3:02pm 3 91 13.1K Gizmodo · Sidney Fussell Google Wants Women to Just Trust That It Pays Them the Same as Men Tuesday 11:46am Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Gizmodo Store Redirecting to the Gizmodo store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Skip to main content Search form Search Advanced Search Best New Chefs RECIPES Meat & Poultry Comfort Food Soups Breakfast & Brunch Appetizers Salads Side Dishes Desserts Fruits Vegetables Seafood Pasta & Noodles Special Diets DRINKS Wine Cocktails Champagne Coffee Beer Tea TRAVEL Restaurants Wine Regions Around the World Local Flavor HOLIDAYS Spring Recipes Easter Passover Cinco De Mayo Kentucky Derby Mother's Day Memorial Day Father’s Day 4th of July Labor Day NEWS CHEFS Cooking Videos Mad Genius Tips EVENTS F&W Classic in Aspen KITCHEN & HOME Cooking Techniques How To Gift Guides SUBSCRIBE Magazine Give a Gift Newsletters Wine Club Latest More and More States are Moving to Tax Soda Is This the "Beautiful" Chocolate Cake President Trump Claimed to Eat During his Missile Strike? Sam's Club Will Deliver Their Legendary Samples to Your Door Everything You Need to Know About the Next Season of Anthony Bourdain's "Parts Unknown" Best Restaurant Customers Ever Offer to Pay Waitress's Student Loans Ramen with Deep-Fried Worms Was Just Introduced In Tokyo—And People Are Loving It 10 Brands of Garbage Disposals Recalled Due to Flying Metal Pieces Would You Drink Diet Prosecco? These Are Things You're Overpaying for at Restaurants Live Scorpion Discovered in Bagged Spinach Home News Previous I Tried Tom Brady’s New Delivery Meal Kit Next Lorde Is Obsessed With Hanging Out at This 24-Hour NYC Diner New Burger King Ad Tries to Set Off Your Google Home Latest More and More States are Moving to Tax Soda Is This the "Beautiful" Chocolate Cake President Trump Claimed to Eat During his Missile Strike? Sam's Club Will Deliver Their Legendary Samples to Your Door Everything You Need to Know About the Next Season of Anthony Bourdain's "Parts Unknown" Best Restaurant Customers Ever Offer to Pay Waitress's Student Loans Ramen with Deep-Fried Worms Was Just Introduced In Tokyo—And People Are Loving It 10 Brands of Garbage Disposals Recalled Due to Flying Metal Pieces Would You Drink Diet Prosecco? These Are Things You're Overpaying for at Restaurants Live Scorpion Discovered in Bagged Spinach By Mike Pomranz Posted April 12, 2017 And people are not happy about it. Voice-controlled smart speakers like the Amazon Echo or Google Home are cool devices, allowing users to do all sorts of digital tasks just by saying them aloud. But without voice recognition, anyone can control them, which can be a bit of a quirk as anyone can attest to who’s ever had their party playlist switched up after their friend yelled, “Alexa, play some music that doesn’t suck!” A new advertising campaign from Burger King wants to take advantage of this behavior: The fast food chain will run TV spots that feature a Burger King employee saying, “OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?” Related Rise of the Machines: A Burger Flipping Robot Is About To Start Work at a Fast Food Chain Here Are America's Favorite Fast Food Restaurants Amazon Will Let You Order Beer Just By Shouting At Alexa The commercials are supposed to start airing nationwide tonight on networks like History, Comedy Central, and MTV during programming like The Tonight Show and Jimmy Kimmel Live, according to The Verge. The hope is that by using the “Ok Google” command, the actor in the spot will trigger viewers’ Google Home (or possibly Android) device, causing it to explain what a “Whopper burger” is. Specifically, Google gets this information from Wikipedia, meaning Google Home should automatically start reading the first line of the article. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_O54le4__I&feature=youtu.be   However, as The Verge points out, using Wikipedia as a source comes with its own set of issues. Even with its stricter editing policy, Wikipedia can still be changed quickly. It appears Burger King may have recently edited the article itself to answer the larger question posed in its ad—what are the ingredients in a Whopper? But apparently the Wikipedia community wasn’t happy with that edit because, currently, the first line of the article has reverted back to the much more mundane explanation, “The Whopper is the signature hamburger product sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain Burger King and its Australian franchise Hungry Jack's.” Of course, pranksters could try to make all sorts of hilarious edits from there, though you’d think at some point Wikipedia would take Burger King out of its misery and simply lock the page. Another potential pitfall: Some people might not take too kindly to having their Google Home hijacked for BK’s promotional purposes. Though still in its infancy as far as views, the advert is already getting a lot of negative feedback on YouTube, garnering witty comments like “Oh. Hell. No.” and “I have a f***ing iPhone.” However, whether this campaign is smart or too smart for its own good, funny or frustrating, as another YouTuber presciently states, it’ll certainly get people “thinking about whoppers.” Smart speakers may be a hot new gadget, but the old adage that any publicity is good publicity still holds true. Previous I Tried Tom Brady’s New Delivery Meal Kit Next Lorde Is Obsessed With Hanging Out at This 24-Hour NYC Diner The Dish Receive delicious recipes and smart wine advice 4x per week in this e-newsletter. Sign Up The Wine List Weekly pairing plus best bottles to buy. F&W Daily One sensational dish served fresh every day. Sponsored Stories powered by ZergNet Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement   Holidays & Occasions Chinese New Year Super Bowl Recipes Valentine's Day Recipes Oscar Party Food Mardi Gras Recipes Rosh Hashanah Recipes Halloween Recipes Thanksgiving Ideas Thanksgiving Recipes Christmas Recipes Christmas Dinner Popular Dishes Sandwiches Snacks Bread Recipes Grain Recipes Bean Recipes Chicken Recipes Quinoa Recipes Chicken Breast Recipes French Recipes Italian Recipes Mexican Recipes Subscribe Subscribe to Food & Wine Give a Gift Subscription Food & Wine Books Get Food & Wine iPad Edition Get F&W Mobile Apps Clubs & Events Food & Wine Connoisseur Club Events F&W Classic in Aspen Best New Chefs Contact Customer Service Contact Us Advertising Careers Time Inc. Affluent Media Group Travel + Leisure Departures Centurion Site Map All products and services featured are selected by our editors. Food & Wine may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. Affluent Media Group. All rights reserved. View Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Your California Privacy Rights. Ad Choices. Users of this site agree to be bound by the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. foodandwine.com is part of the Time Inc. Food Collection and the MyRecipes Network.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Yesterday GOOG: 824.32 0.97 Google Assistant/Home can now track flight prices Ben Schoon - Apr. 12th 2017 11:36 am PT @NexusBen Apps & Updates Google Home Google Assistant Google Flights View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google Home and Google Assistant do a lot of things, but they don’t integrate as well as they should with Google’s dozens of other services. Slowly but surely, though, Google is changing that. Today, the company has announced another new feature for Google Assistant and thus, Google Home — flight price tracking. The best gifts for Android users Starting today you can ask Assistant either on your smartphone or on your Google Home unit how much a flight from one airport to another will cost and it will deliver a price via Google Flights. On Google Home, you’ll be given the lowest price for a flight two weeks ahead of time, and then it will ask for more specific dates. From there, it will give you the lowest price yet again and ask if you would like to track flights between those destinations. On your phone, things work out in a similar way. Right off the bat Assistant will provide pricing for flights two weeks away, but in this case, it will display that information on a card that also shows options from other airlines (after all, we don’t just want to hear United’s low price). If you ask Assistant to track prices, it will send emails each time the low price moves up or down to the email address tied to Assistant on your device. The functionality is live now, so give it a shot! Someone’s wedding became your mini vacay. You say the place, we’ll track the price. #GoogleAssistant #GoogleHome https://t.co/f1ZGW4MI6j pic.twitter.com/MuoUBDK8kD — Made by Google (@madebygoogle) April 12, 2017 Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Google Home View THe Guide Google Assistant View THe Guide Google Flights View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. This Burger King Ad Forces Your Google Home Device To Tell You About Whoppers Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share This Burger King Ad Forces Your Google Home Device To Tell You About Whoppers April 12, 2017 1:49 pm EDT By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk advertising badvertising burger king fast food Google Home marketing voice activated devices voicejacked You might think you’re the master of your own home, controlling all the internet-connected devices within it and bending them to your will with the touch of a button or an uttered command. But Burger King is trying to sneak into your home through the TV with a new ad that tries to trigger the voice-activated Google Home. This week, the fast food chain launched a new 15-second TV commercial that attempts to wake up any Google Home devices that may be in the room and thus, continue the ad after it’s technically over. “You’re watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich,” an actor dressed like a Burger King worker says in the spot. “But I got an idea,” he adds, uttering Google Home’s wake word as the camera gets closer. “OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?” Burger King hopes that if your device is close enough to the TV, it’ll wake up, search the internet, and then spit out a list of its ingredients — whether you want to hear them or not. (Here’s where you should turn off your Google Home if you don’t want it chiming in) To Burger King, capitalizing on the popularity of voice-activated devices like Google Home and Amazon’s Echo sounds like a great idea, of course, and not at all creepy. “We think about our guests’ perception and their perspective on how we interact with them, but on balance we felt this was a really positive way to connect with them,” José Cil, president of Burger King, told The New York Times. He adds that the company sees it as a good way to “tell a story” about their product directly to consumers. Google confirmed to the NYT that it wasn’t involved in creating Burger’s King ad, but declined to comment further. The Burger King’s siege of your Google Home device seems to be the first time a major advertiser has actively tried to hijack a connected device without the viewer’s approval. Until now, the focus has largely been on trying to convince viewers to engage: Use Shazam when a show or ad plays a song; scan a QR code that pops up on the screen; use some app that syncs additional content to whatever you’re watching, etc. In fact, the problem with voice-activated devices has been getting them to not react to what they hear on TV. There was the Xbox One commercial where the dulcet tones of Aaron Paul could trigger your gaming console. More recently there was the San Diego news reporter who inadvertently directed viewers’ Amazon Alexa devices to place dollhouse orders while she was doing a report on a little girl who’d ordered $160 worth of cookies and a dollhouse through Alexa without telling her parents. UPDATE: The Associated Press reports that the internet has already been having some fun with Burger King: Some Wikipedia users have been editing the Whopper’s page to include ingredients like cyanide, and defining the Whopper as “the worst hamburger product” sold by the chain. It appears those edits have already been changed back. April 12, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk advertising badvertising burger king fast food Google Home marketing voice activated devices voicejacked Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related franchisees Burger King’s Largest Franchisee Blames Local Ad Cuts For Lower Sales going national This Is No Longer A Test: Burger King’s “Whopperito” Going National Later This Month your dream home Burger King Fed Apartment-Hunters With Secret In-Home Restaurant don't call it a comeback Burger King’s Fantastically Creepy King Mascot Is Back the king speaks Burger King’s Mascot Is Actually Fluent In Sign Language, Seeks ‘Whopper’ Sign Previous Data Shows Too Many Americans Being Pestered About Medical Debt They Don’t Owe Next Internet’s Biggest Companies Ask FCC To Please Leave Net Neutrality Alone Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Internet’s Biggest Companies Ask FCC To Please Leave Net Neutrality Alone Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Trending Story A deep look at Google's biggest-ever search quality crisis Fred's losers Sistrix analysis says ad-heavy, thin-content sites hit worst Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. The complete guide to optimizing content for SEO (with checklist) Google has stated that 'content' is among its top three ranking factors, but what makes content 'good' from an SEO perspective? Columnist Nate Dame outlines what makes high-quality SEO content. Nate Dame on April 12, 2017 at 10:24 am More Effective content marketing is a vehicle for modern SEO. Just as wheels without an engine leaves you pedaling, content without an SEO strategy can’t keep up in a digital marketplace. And just like an engine with no wheels, SEO without content is a shiny machine that goes nowhere. Content needs SEO to stand out in the din of mediocre blog posts clogging up the internet these days, and Google has said that one of the top three ranking factors for organic search is “content.” But what does that mean? Not any content, surely. Unfortunately, search engines are not handing out checklists for “high-quality content,” and they probably never will. That means it’s up to those of us who geek out on this kind of thing to study search results, mine Google Analytics and create massive spreadsheets that we pretend to be bored by but secretly love — all to bring you (and ourselves, who are we kidding?) a comprehensive guide to creating “high-quality” SEO content. Step 1: SEO your content strategy Too many marketers are still waiting until the end of content creation to bring in SEO as a promotional tool. They try to figure out what they’ve just created, so they can plug in a few keywords and links. But an effective content marketing strategy should start with keyword and user intent research. Once you know what queries your audience is using, and what kind of content they are looking for, you can design a content strategy that answers their specific questions and helps move them through the funnel. High-quality content:  is based on an understanding of your audience, as well as keyword and user intent research. Use your audience’s language, and provide the information they’re actually looking for.  helps the reader complete one specific task. Long content (1,000+ words) tends to rank better in organic results, in part because it is thorough. That said, stay on task and don’t let the content lose focus.  features an enticing call to action or a clear next step. When you know your readers and their buyer journeys, your content can point them to more of what they want. Step 2: Design good content Good UX is good SEO. When users are engaged, they consume more content, interact with it and share it. From the overarching structure to the details of the layout, make sure you are designing good content. There are plenty of philosophies about which characteristics make content “good” — or “sticky” or “thought leadership.” They are all worthy considerations, and every piece of content should cover at least a few: Simple/Clear/Coherent Unexpected Concrete Credible/Valid/Experienced Emotional Entertaining Inspiring Educational Relevant Deep/Thorough Practical Novel/Unique (in value, not just in content) Trustworthy And as you continue to design content, keep your audience in mind: you are writing for people, so search engines can also understand — not vice versa. High-quality content:  is written to its audience, not your peers. Make sure the language is neither too simple nor full of industry jargon.  is shareable. Take a step back and ask yourself if you would share it — and, if so, could you? (i.e., are social sharing buttons readily available?)  can be scanned quickly. Use short paragraphs, callouts, bold text, bullet points, numbered lists, quotes and so on to make the text easy on the eyes and easy to digest quickly.  uses strong titles and H1s. Create enticing, actionable titles that use keywords strategically and naturally. CoSchedule has a nice headliner analyzer tool if you need help here.  features ideal results, common objections and/or time frames in subheaders. Anticipate the audience’s hopes, fears and concerns.  is better than current SERP winners. Spy out the competition. Review the pages that are currently ranking well for target keywords and ask yourself if your content is better. Make sure it’s better. Step 3: Create correct content Is there anything as unsettling as a typo in an otherwise great piece of content? No. There isn’t. While there is no evidence, at this time, that grammar is a ranking signal, it’s a UX/credibility concern. Additionally, citing sources and linking to other authorities is good technique, but it’s also good SEO — those outbound links demonstrate to search engines that you know your stuff, and that you’re associating with the right crowd. High-quality content:  is free of spelling and grammatical errors. Proofread. And then have someone else proofread. (No joke, my mother sent me a screen shot of a grammatical error in a Propecta Facebook post recently. Those are the people you need in your life.)  links to good, reputable sources. Wikipedia counts as a good source to Google, no matter what your high school social studies teacher said.  has been fact-checked. Just because everyone else quotes that statistic, it doesn’t mean you should, unless you can find the source. Step 4: Check your keyword usage You started with keywords and user intent research, of course, so this is not about figuring out which keywords apply to the piece of content in question. This is about examining how that keyword is being used in said content. It’s true that keyword stuffing is very, very out. It was never cool in the first place, but now — thanks to Google — it’s also ineffective (if not dangerous). It’s also true that Google is very savvy about keywords. None of that, however, means that keywords are “dead.” It just means SEO needs to use them better. (It is also worth noting that users look for keywords. Google is smart enough to recognize common synonyms, but when a user types in a keyword, he/she is looking for that bolded keyword on the SERP.) High-quality content:  is not stuffed full of the primary keyword. There’s no real math for this. A good way to visualize is to use the “Find” feature in your document and search the keyword. If it looks oversaturated, start plugging in some synonyms.  organizes thematic subsections by primary related keywords. Google is getting better and better at understanding related terms. Don’t be afraid of it.  makes natural use of keywords and variants in content. Don’t overthink it. Use synonyms, abbreviations, plurals and so on like a normal human being.  makes natural use of keywords in image text. Image titles, alt text and captions are strategic places for descriptive language. Don’t force keywords, but do use them as applicable.  makes natural use of keywords in titles. Write for people first, but if you can keep that target keyword toward the front of your title and/or H1, do so.  makes natural use of keywords in the URL. This shouldn’t be too hard if you’ve used it in the title.  makes natural use of keywords and variants in the first 100 words. Don’t be awkward, but do, as much as possible, lay all your cards on the table as quickly as possible. Bonus round: Some technical SEO content issues Technical SEO is, mostly, an entirely different conversation. Most technical SEO factors are sitewide issues that need to be audited, and the important ones cleaned up, before you start trying to optimize content. There are, however, a few technical considerations relating specifically to individual content, and I would be remiss to ignore them:  Content loads quickly. Three seconds or less is what you’re working with. Make sure the images and other media files aren’t slowing down the content’s performance.  Content plays well on mobile. This will not likely be an issue if the site uses responsive design, which most do, but make sure forms and CTAs are tappable in the content, images are center-aligned and so on.  Page is included on the site’s XML sitemap. Help Google find and understand the content!  Internal links point to the content. Make sure they are relevant and they use keyword-based anchor text as possible/appropriate.  URLs are short. Top-ranking pages have shorter URLs. Position 1 URLs average 59 characters long. Go forth and create ‘high-quality content’ They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but they have never tried to rank content in organic search. The truth is, for our purposes, beauty is in the eye of the target audience — as interpreted by a machine learning program at Google. Fortunately, RankBrain, although still fairly vague and nebulous, is at least pretty consistent. That means we can Google thousands of terms, study tens of thousands of results, A/B test our own hypotheses, and come up with a list of characteristics that are very likely beautiful to Google — 77 characteristics, to be exact. Start your SEO content journey by bringing the two together from the beginning. If you are working with a content marketing strategy that did not start with SEO research, start again. When the wheels and the engine start together, you set out on a much smoother ride. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Nate Dame Nate provides results-oriented SEO leadership with an emphasis on B2B and technology brands. He is a speaker, columnist for Marketo and Search Engine Land, and leads client strategy at Propecta. Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Content & WritingSEO: EngagementSEO: Keyword Research Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Rise of Revenue Ops: Why Marketing & Sales Operations Make Growth Possible Creating an In-House Team for Enterprise Link Building Outsourcing Your Content vs. Hiring an In-House Writing Team 3 Steps To Perfecting One-To-One Customer Segmentation Optimize Your Marketing Messaging With Smarter Metrics See More Whitepapers Webinars Google Analytics 360 & the Move to Enterprise Analytics How to Create the Ultimate Marketing Plan National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Burger King’s newest commercial uses “OK Google” commands to trigger your smartphone, and Wikipedia’s pissed about it Quentyn Kennemer Apr 12th, 2017 +9,104 Burger King’s marketing team might have come up with the coolest idea for an ad while also simultaneously being annoying, invasive, and even one that could eventually bite them in the long run. The company’s 15-second spot (viewable above) pokes fun at the fact that those 15 seconds aren’t long enough to communicate the goodness of a classic Whopper. To extend those 15 seconds, they leave an OK Google command at the end to trigger a false hotword activation on your phone or Google Home device. It’s a neat idea, but there are some issues that they didn’t think about. For starters, the OK Google command only works for devices which don’t have trained hotword detection. This includes any smartphones with the training option off, as well as all Google Home devices (for now). I personally couldn’t get the ad to trigger any of my devices even after I turned off the trained detection. That’s still a lot of potential false triggers, though. The next big issue is where Wikipedia comes in. The command leads to a Google Search entry which reads off information about the Whopper from the first line of its Wikipedia entry. Burger King’s marketing team had the wherewithal to edit the line to something more ad-friendly before airing the ad, but self-promotion editing is supposed to be against Wikipedia’s policy and this change was eventually reverted (according to today’s edit history) to reflect that. Burger King changed the text from: The Whopper sandwich is the signature hamburger product sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain Burger King and its Australian franchise Hungry Jack’s. To: The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100 percent beef with no preservatives or fillers, topped with sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce, pickles, ketchup, and mayonnaise, served on a sesame-seed bun Oh, but don’t forget the trolls who can also edit pages. One such troll changed the new line to: The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100% medium-sized child with no preservatives or fillers, topped with sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce, cyanide, pickles, ketchup, and mayonnaise, served on a sesame-seed bun. Wikipedia editor Er Erhardt and crew probably didn’t have a whole lot of fun cleaning this mess up. So, it’s cool and inventive of them to give it a try, but ultimately this looks like it’ll be little more than a failed experiment (and if nothing else, at least you now know the perfect command to speak into Google if you’re just dying for quick information about the Whopper, but we have a feeling you already knew how to do that). [via The Verge] local_offer    Burger King  Google  OK Google  Wikipedia   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (17) stars Further Reading Nokia commits to fast updates Google Home multi-user support coming soon Google taps LG for flexible OLED panels Verizon's Pixels get Android 7.1.2 Google Search gets screenshot editing videocam Top Trending Videoslaunch 1 play_circle_outline more_vertTop 5 Apps & Games - April 7 closeTop 5 Android Apps & Games of the Week (April 7, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 2 play_circle_outline more_vertGalaxy S8 ad highlights Infinity Display closeSamsung’s latest Galaxy S8 ad highlights Infinity Display’s best advantage, fails to address its worst flaw Samsung is making a big deal about the Samsung Galaxy S8’s Infinity Display, so much so that it’s the standout feature in almost all its ads, even when they don’t mean for it to be. That’s not a bad thing, though, because it really is pretty nice. The latest Galaxy S8 ad shows how the … 3 play_circle_outline more_vertMobile Roar 165: Feels Good closeMobile Roar 165: LG G6 & Moto G5 Plus first impressions, Pixel 3, and more! This week on the podcast, Joe has the LG G6 and Chris has the Moto G5 Plus. Two phones on opposite sides of the spectrum. The guys share their first impressions of the devices. 4 play_circle_outline more_vertLG makes Rube Goldberg machine for LG G6 closeLG made the coolest Rube Goldberg machine to show off the G6’s durability LG’s history with advertisements hasn’t exactly been strong, but they did manage to put together a cool concept for showing off their phone’s durability. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Burger King Google Home devices stop responding to Burger King's TV ad prompt The commercial, which features a man using the phrase ‘OK Google’, had prompted the devices to wake up, much to users’ frustration Burger King is facing complaints over an ad customers call intrusive for waking up their devices. Photograph: Alan Diaz/AP Burger King Google Home devices stop responding to Burger King's TV ad prompt The commercial, which features a man using the phrase ‘OK Google’, had prompted the devices to wake up, much to users’ frustration Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Olivia Solon Wednesday 12 April 2017 14.27 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 12 April 2017 18.49 EDT Pepsi has dominated the headlines over the past week for having the country’s most irritating and offensive TV advertisement, but Burger King briefly took the mantle on Wednesday with an ad that includes a command to wake up voice-activated Google Home devices. The 15-second ad features a man in a Burger King uniform leaning into the camera to say: “OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Burger King’s annoying ad People with the Google Home assistant and Android phones with voice search enabled within listening range of their TV discovered that the command triggered devices to read aloud the Wikipedia entry for Burger King’s flagship burger. The intrusion was short-lived. Google Home devices stopped responding to the prompt spoken in the commercial a few hours after it launched. The devices will still respond if someone else (eg the real owner of the smart assistant) asks the same question. It is likely that Google updated the Home software to ensure it didn’t respond to the specific Burger King sound clip. Google did not respond to a request to confirm this. “We saw it as a technology to essentially punch through that fourth wall,” Burger King’s president, José Cil, had earlier told BuzzFeed News, adding that it is a “cool way to connect directly with our guests”. The reaction to the campaign calls into question just how “cool” this advertising technique is. Many viewers have complained that it is intrusive, unnecessary, gimmicky and possibly only designed to elicit an irritated response. Is there even any value – beyond provocation – in a home device reading out a description of the Whopper? Some experts argue there’s still value in such a provocation. “Any advertising or media idea which provokes us to think about the absurdities of modern day digital life is, in itself, a good thing,” said Charlie Crowe, the president of C Squared, a publishing and events company focused on media and marketing. “Perhaps what is so unnerving about this is that it makes us think about how digital technology is impacting our lives in ways we are only beginning to appreciate. Maybe this all is a little uncomfortable... so why shouldn’t this make us want to leave our homes and visit a Burger King with our friends?” It’s unlikely there will be a flood of annoying ads like this partly because of the swift consumer backlash but also because both Amazon and Google are exploring introducing specific voice recognition to their services. Being able to distinguish between two or more voices in the home is useful for tailoring the services to personal preferences, but could also help prevent this type of device hijacking. This is not the first time that television broadcasts have triggered voice devices at home. In January, a San Diego TV station reported on a story that a six-year-old had mistakenly ordered a dollhouse by talking to the Amazon Echo device. Within the report, the presenter said live on air: “Alexa, order me a dollhouse,” causing viewers’ own Echoes to also attempt to order dollhouses. The command placed dollhouses into their shopping carts, but users need to confirm the order in order for any payment to be taken. In 2014, the Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul appeared in an Xbox ad that accidentally switched people’s games consoles on because it featured the wake-up command “Xbox on”. Google had no involvement in the advertisement and declined to comment on it. Topics Burger King Google Food & drink industry news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Burger King back to top business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Help test drive the Outlook for Mac Preview with Google Calendar and Contacts Last month, we announced that we’re bringing major improvements to how Google Accounts work in Outlook 2016 for Mac—including an improved setup experience and Google Calendar and Contacts support. We’re excited to be delivering on these highly requested features for Mac users—matching Outlook for iOS and Android—by providing Google Accounts with a more powerful way to stay in control of the day ahead. These updates are currently available to our Office Insider Fast community, and we’ve been excited by the response we’ve seen. However, we still need some additional feedback before making these updates broadly available. Today, we are announcing a worldwide preview of these features that will run until June 30, 2017. During this time, anyone can install the earliest Outlook for Mac Preview build and help us test the new Google Account experience. You will have access to the same experience as our Insider Fast community—without the requirement of being an existing Office 365 customer. Getting the Outlook for Mac Preview is simple—just visit the preview website and click the Download button. What should I do if I’m already an Outlook for Mac user? If you are already using Outlook as part of Office 365, this preview isn’t for you. Existing users can get access to the new Google Account features, and all the latest Outlook innovations, simply by joining our Insider Fast community. Just open Outlook, click Help > Check for Updates and then follow these directions. What if I don’t use Outlook for Mac? This preview is for you! To try Outlook for Mac with your Google Account and test drive the new updates, visit our preview website and click the Download button. This will install the latest preview version of Outlook 2016 for Mac, which you can use until June 30, 2017. You will receive the same builds and weekly updates as our Insider Fast community. As you use the new features, check out this list of known issues and share your feedback by going to Help > Contact Support in Outlook. Why stop there? Install Outlook for iOS and connect your Google Account to get the same, rich Outlook experience on your Mac, iPad and iPhone. Your Gmail will get better with advanced features like Focused Inbox and richer experiences for travel reservations and package deliveries. Once the preview is over, you can become an Office 365 customer to continue getting all the latest features and innovation in Outlook and Office for your Mac and iPhone. Just go to Outlook menu and select Subscription Options. Make your voice heard! Got a suggestion for how to improve Outlook for Mac? Please suggest and vote on future feature ideas on our Outlook for Mac UserVoice page. —The Outlook team CategoriesUncategorized TagsOutlook, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rhea Guntalilib: ‘Despite being unable to see, programming allows me to do – and create – many things independently’ Next PostNext Hydrophilic Membrane Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts United State Thin Film Amorphous Silicon Solar Cell Market 2017: Size, Share, Analysis, Regional Outlook and Forecast-2021 IVD 2017 US Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 5.45% and Forecast to 2021 Precious Metal Catalyst Market 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecasts to 2022 Baby Bottle Sterilizer Market 2017: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, Forecast to 2022 Frozen Potatoe Market 2017: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, Forecast to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Contests BCE: 60.86 +0.23 RCI-B: 60.00 +0.57 T: 44.63 +0.19 SJR-B: 28.77 +1.32 QBR-B: 41.50 +0.00 News Apr 12, 2017 10:21 PM EDTHere are all the Nintendo Switch games hitting the console this summer Apr 12, 2017 9:58 PM EDT‘Neon Yellow’ Nintendo Switch Joy-con and battery pack ann... Apr 12, 2017 9:01 PM EDTiTunes is now offering Oscar-winning La La Land in exclusive early rel... Apr 12, 2017 8:01 PM EDTToronto Police say distracted driving related charges are up 37 percen... Apr 12, 2017 7:20 PM EDTLeak of reported Moto Z handset shows dual-lens camera Apr 12, 2017 6:47 PM EDTAndroid co-creator Andy Rubin teases mysterious new device Apr 12, 2017 5:46 PM EDTHuawei confirms the P10 and P10 Plus will be available in Canada the f... Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDTGoogle Assistant code reveals multi-user support is coming soon Carriers Apr 12, 2017 3:06 PM EDTRogers and Fido customers are experiencing issues with sending texts a... Apr 12, 2017 1:47 PM EDTCanadian carriers offering up to $400 guaranteed trade-in value for th... Apr 12, 2017 10:46 AM EDTHere are all the changes to Canadian carrier rate plans this week Apr 12, 2017 9:15 AM EDTAlek Krstajic is stepping down as CEO of Freedom Mobile Apr 11, 2017 4:02 PM EDTRogers follows Bell and Telus in ending 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans Apr 10, 2017 3:36 PM EDTFido updates home internet packages following expansion of Virgin inte... Apr 6, 2017 7:10 PM EDTChamberland Commission reveals extent of cellular data requests made t... Apr 6, 2017 4:34 PM EDTCanadian national public alerting system to soon notify smartphones of... Manufacturers Apr 12, 2017 10:33 AM EDTBlackBerry awarded $815 million in arbitration from Qualcomm Apr 12, 2017 7:00 AM EDTGraphene is a durable electrode technology that could revolutionize fl... Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDTQualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Apr 6, 2017 1:25 PM EDTHuawei wins $15 million CAD patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung Apr 3, 2017 7:34 PM EDTLG, Samsung, Foxconn and more sign on to Google’s new ‘pat... Phones Apr 12, 2017 8:01 PM EDTToronto Police say distracted driving related charges are up 37 percen... Apr 12, 2017 7:20 PM EDTLeak of reported Moto Z handset shows dual-lens camera Apr 12, 2017 6:47 PM EDTAndroid co-creator Andy Rubin teases mysterious new device Apr 12, 2017 5:46 PM EDTHuawei confirms the P10 and P10 Plus will be available in Canada the f... Apr 12, 2017 12:14 PM EDTThe ‘Galaxy X’ is rumoured to be Samsung’s foldable ... Apr 11, 2017 9:24 PM EDTSamsung says the Galaxy S8 will launch without Bixby Voice Apr 11, 2017 6:38 PM EDTTelus delays Samsung Galaxy S6 Nougat update to late April Apr 11, 2017 5:14 PM EDTApple releases second public beta of iOS 10.3.2 Tablets Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Mar 21, 2017 8:59 AM EDTApple announces updated 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $449 CAD [Update: now... Wearables Apr 12, 2017 12:01 AM EDTTinker friendly Montreal-made Nex Band Evolution is now available for ... Apr 11, 2017 10:32 AM EDTAMD purchases Valve-backed wireless virtual reality company Nitero Apr 11, 2017 8:44 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Shazam joins the AR race Apr 10, 2017 8:56 PM EDTManitoba Public Insurance launches DRIVR-X VR experience to curb distr... Apr 10, 2017 7:06 PM EDTTake a VR trip through Drake’s mansion with the help of Opiats&#... Apr 10, 2017 5:27 PM EDTApple indicates VR is part of why its next Mac Pro needs to be more po... Apr 10, 2017 4:54 PM EDTToronto-based Globacore releases new Lemmings HoloLens demo Apr 10, 2017 2:49 PM EDTLG and New Balance announce Android Wear 2.0 for specific devices Virtual Reality Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apr 3, 2017 2:29 PM EDTHouse of VR is futuristic, art-focused and hopes to lead the charge in... Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM EDTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM EDTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM EDTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM EDTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM EDTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Apps/Games Apr 12, 2017 10:21 PM EDTHere are all the Nintendo Switch games hitting the console this summer Apr 12, 2017 9:58 PM EDT‘Neon Yellow’ Nintendo Switch Joy-con and battery pack ann... Apr 12, 2017 9:01 PM EDTiTunes is now offering Oscar-winning La La Land in exclusive early rel... Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDTGoogle Assistant code reveals multi-user support is coming soon Apr 12, 2017 4:09 PM EDTMicrosoft reveals Project Scorpio dev kits that hint at possible final... Apr 12, 2017 2:15 PM EDT‘Notification’ toggle found in Google Assistant’s se... Apr 12, 2017 1:29 PM EDT1.2 billion now use Facebook Messenger on a monthly basis Apr 12, 2017 11:23 AM EDTUberPool now available in Brampton and Scarborough Automotive Apr 10, 2017 4:19 PM EDTUberSelect services and new Uber office opens in Calgary, Alberta Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Mar 29, 2017 9:18 AM EDTTransport Canada grants Drone Delivery Canada flight certificate to te... Mar 24, 2017 7:13 AM EDTToronto Transit Commission report explores the introduction of driverl... Accessories Apr 12, 2017 11:49 AM EDTQuebec-based Smartduvet launches orders for temperature controlled bla... Apr 12, 2017 11:07 AM EDTThe original mid 90s Tamagotchi is getting re-released with minor changes Apr 11, 2017 1:03 AM EDTAmazon Canada selling select SD Cards at up to 36 percent off Apr 10, 2017 1:04 PM EDTMake your own portable game console with Makerbuino [Sticky or Not?] Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Apr 5, 2017 2:50 PM EDTBelkin releases new USB-C DuraTek Kevlar Fiber Cable and other USB-C a... Apr 5, 2017 9:29 AM EDTAukey’s 30,000mAh battery pack is the perfect Nintendo Switch tr... Apr 4, 2017 4:29 PM EDTMonitor your furry friend’s comings and goings with the Microchi... Reviews Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Phones Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Mar 24, 2017 3:05 PM EDT(Product)Red iPhone 7 hands-on video and gallery Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Mar 26, 2017 2:56 PM EDTBuilt for Speed is the cutest little retro racing game you’ll ev... Mar 25, 2017 7:22 AM EDTEarn rewards by making healthy choices with Carrot Rewards [App of the... Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung goes all in on curved screens with new Galaxy S8 and S8+ models Mar 9, 2017 4:00 PM EDTHow three Canadian cities are trying to become smart cities Mar 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTBlackBerry wants its BlackBerry Secure badge to instill security confi... Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM EDTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Resources Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers How-to's Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Rate Plans Business Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Carriers Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Security & Privacy Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Mar 21, 2017 7:34 AM EDTToronto-based SecureKey partners with IBM on newly launched blockchain... Mar 14, 2017 9:30 PM EDTU.S. Department of Justice ready to arrest 4 people in Yahoo breach, i... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Apr 3, 2017 8:12 AM EDTBlackBerry shuts down support forums and directs users to CrackBerry Syrup Community Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 15, 2017 4:00 PM EDT64 percent of MobileSyrup readers feel smartphones should be unlocked ... Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill SyrupCast Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Con... Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions News PREVIOUS|NEXT ‘Notification’ toggle found in Google Assistant’s settings By Dean Daley Apr 12, 2017 2:15 PM EDT2017-04-12EDT14:15:43-04:002017-04-12EDT14:15:43-04:00 2 comments Google has added a new ‘Notifications’ toggle to Google Assistant’s settings. If you have Google Assistant on your smartphone or Google Home (which still isn’t available in Canada), you might not have noticed the new toggle found in Google Assistant’s settings menu. After diving into Assistant’s settings that are found by launching Google Assistant and clicking the menu button at the top left corner, then pressing the settings option, the toggle can be easily found below ‘Assistant language.’ “Receive notifications like weather updates on this device. Even if notifications are off, you’ll still hear alarms and important updates,” reads the description of the toggle. Right now, however, the toggle seems to do nothing. Turning the toggle off doesn’t change anything, as it actually turns back on as soon as the app is closed. Also turning off Google Assistant doesn’t turn off the toggle either. Perhaps Google added this feature too early, but it allows us to speculate what Google plans to do next with Assistant. The Notifications toggle could perhaps be used to allow Google Assistant to read weather and other Google Card notifications, a very useful switch if you’re a Google Home user. Via: 9to5Google Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles Famous ‘Konami Code’ unlocks secret in Bank of Canada’s $10 bill website Graphene is a durable electrode technology that could revolutionize flexible displays Here are all the changes to Canadian carrier rate plans this week Tinker friendly Montreal-made Nex Band Evolution is now available for order Freedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,086,185 customers Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles News Apr 11, 2017 9:24 PM EDT Samsung says the Galaxy S8 will launch without Bixby Voice News Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDT Google Assistant code reveals multi-user support is coming soon News Apr 10, 2017 11:18 AM EDT Google’s chief game designer leaves company to make games again Features Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDT Shift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Comments BarcaTheGreat My Galaxy S7 got nougat weeks ago.. Still no assistant 🙁 dawhatda® I’ve had 7.0 beta almost a year and assistant almost a month and half T-MOBILE Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Menu News Apr 12, 2017 10:21 PM EDTHere are all the Nintendo Switch games hitting the console this summer Apr 12, 2017 9:58 PM EDT‘Neon Yellow’ Nintendo Switch Joy-con and battery pack ann... Apr 12, 2017 9:01 PM EDTiTunes is now offering Oscar-winning La La Land in exclusive early rel... Apr 12, 2017 8:01 PM EDTToronto Police say distracted driving related charges are up 37 percen... Apr 12, 2017 7:20 PM EDTLeak of reported Moto Z handset shows dual-lens camera Apr 12, 2017 6:47 PM EDTAndroid co-creator Andy Rubin teases mysterious new device Apr 12, 2017 5:46 PM EDTHuawei confirms the P10 and P10 Plus will be available in Canada the f... Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDTGoogle Assistant code reveals multi-user support is coming soon All News Carriers Apr 12, 2017 3:06 PM EDTRogers and Fido customers are experiencing issues with sending texts a... Apr 12, 2017 1:47 PM EDTCanadian carriers offering up to $400 guaranteed trade-in value for th... Apr 12, 2017 10:46 AM EDTHere are all the changes to Canadian carrier rate plans this week Apr 12, 2017 9:15 AM EDTAlek Krstajic is stepping down as CEO of Freedom Mobile Apr 11, 2017 4:02 PM EDTRogers follows Bell and Telus in ending 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans Apr 10, 2017 3:36 PM EDTFido updates home internet packages following expansion of Virgin inte... Apr 6, 2017 7:10 PM EDTChamberland Commission reveals extent of cellular data requests made t... Apr 6, 2017 4:34 PM EDTCanadian national public alerting system to soon notify smartphones of... Manufacturers Apr 12, 2017 10:33 AM EDTBlackBerry awarded $815 million in arbitration from Qualcomm Apr 12, 2017 7:00 AM EDTGraphene is a durable electrode technology that could revolutionize fl... Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDTQualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Apr 6, 2017 1:25 PM EDTHuawei wins $15 million CAD patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung Apr 3, 2017 7:34 PM EDTLG, Samsung, Foxconn and more sign on to Google’s new ‘pat... Phones Apr 12, 2017 8:01 PM EDTToronto Police say distracted driving related charges are up 37 percen... Apr 12, 2017 7:20 PM EDTLeak of reported Moto Z handset shows dual-lens camera Apr 12, 2017 6:47 PM EDTAndroid co-creator Andy Rubin teases mysterious new device Apr 12, 2017 5:46 PM EDTHuawei confirms the P10 and P10 Plus will be available in Canada the f... Apr 12, 2017 12:14 PM EDTThe ‘Galaxy X’ is rumoured to be Samsung’s foldable ... Apr 11, 2017 9:24 PM EDTSamsung says the Galaxy S8 will launch without Bixby Voice Apr 11, 2017 6:38 PM EDTTelus delays Samsung Galaxy S6 Nougat update to late April Apr 11, 2017 5:14 PM EDTApple releases second public beta of iOS 10.3.2 Tablets Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Mar 21, 2017 8:59 AM EDTApple announces updated 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $449 CAD [Update: now... Wearables Apr 12, 2017 12:01 AM EDTTinker friendly Montreal-made Nex Band Evolution is now available for ... Apr 11, 2017 10:32 AM EDTAMD purchases Valve-backed wireless virtual reality company Nitero Apr 11, 2017 8:44 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Shazam joins the AR race Apr 10, 2017 8:56 PM EDTManitoba Public Insurance launches DRIVR-X VR experience to curb distr... Apr 10, 2017 7:06 PM EDTTake a VR trip through Drake’s mansion with the help of Opiats&#... Apr 10, 2017 5:27 PM EDTApple indicates VR is part of why its next Mac Pro needs to be more po... Apr 10, 2017 4:54 PM EDTToronto-based Globacore releases new Lemmings HoloLens demo Apr 10, 2017 2:49 PM EDTLG and New Balance announce Android Wear 2.0 for specific devices Virtual Reality Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apr 3, 2017 2:29 PM EDTHouse of VR is futuristic, art-focused and hopes to lead the charge in... Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM EDTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM EDTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM EDTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM EDTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM EDTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Apps/Games Apr 12, 2017 10:21 PM EDTHere are all the Nintendo Switch games hitting the console this summer Apr 12, 2017 9:58 PM EDT‘Neon Yellow’ Nintendo Switch Joy-con and battery pack ann... Apr 12, 2017 9:01 PM EDTiTunes is now offering Oscar-winning La La Land in exclusive early rel... Apr 12, 2017 4:38 PM EDTGoogle Assistant code reveals multi-user support is coming soon Apr 12, 2017 4:09 PM EDTMicrosoft reveals Project Scorpio dev kits that hint at possible final... Apr 12, 2017 2:15 PM EDT‘Notification’ toggle found in Google Assistant’s se... Apr 12, 2017 1:29 PM EDT1.2 billion now use Facebook Messenger on a monthly basis Apr 12, 2017 11:23 AM EDTUberPool now available in Brampton and Scarborough Automotive Apr 10, 2017 4:19 PM EDTUberSelect services and new Uber office opens in Calgary, Alberta Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Mar 29, 2017 9:18 AM EDTTransport Canada grants Drone Delivery Canada flight certificate to te... Mar 24, 2017 7:13 AM EDTToronto Transit Commission report explores the introduction of driverl... Accessories Apr 12, 2017 11:49 AM EDTQuebec-based Smartduvet launches orders for temperature controlled bla... Apr 12, 2017 11:07 AM EDTThe original mid 90s Tamagotchi is getting re-released with minor changes Apr 11, 2017 1:03 AM EDTAmazon Canada selling select SD Cards at up to 36 percent off Apr 10, 2017 1:04 PM EDTMake your own portable game console with Makerbuino [Sticky or Not?] Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Apr 5, 2017 2:50 PM EDTBelkin releases new USB-C DuraTek Kevlar Fiber Cable and other USB-C a... Apr 5, 2017 9:29 AM EDTAukey’s 30,000mAh battery pack is the perfect Nintendo Switch tr... Apr 4, 2017 4:29 PM EDTMonitor your furry friend’s comings and goings with the Microchi... Reviews Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future All Reviews Phones Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Mar 24, 2017 3:05 PM EDT(Product)Red iPhone 7 hands-on video and gallery Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... All Features Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Mar 26, 2017 2:56 PM EDTBuilt for Speed is the cutest little retro racing game you’ll ev... Mar 25, 2017 7:22 AM EDTEarn rewards by making healthy choices with Carrot Rewards [App of the... Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung goes all in on curved screens with new Galaxy S8 and S8+ models Mar 9, 2017 4:00 PM EDTHow three Canadian cities are trying to become smart cities Mar 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTBlackBerry wants its BlackBerry Secure badge to instill security confi... Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM EDTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Resources Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers All Resources How-to's Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Rate Plans Business Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices All Business Carriers Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Security & Privacy Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Mar 21, 2017 7:34 AM EDTToronto-based SecureKey partners with IBM on newly launched blockchain... Mar 14, 2017 9:30 PM EDTU.S. Department of Justice ready to arrest 4 people in Yahoo breach, i... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Apr 3, 2017 8:12 AM EDTBlackBerry shuts down support forums and directs users to CrackBerry Syrup Community Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 15, 2017 4:00 PM EDT64 percent of MobileSyrup readers feel smartphones should be unlocked ... Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill All Syrup Community SyrupCast Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Con... Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events More Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey April Glaser Eric Johnson Rani Molla Tony Romm Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Google Advertising Burger King’s new ad deliberately gets your Google Home to talk about burgers Be careful about putting your Home device near your TV. by Tess Townsend Apr 12, 2017, 1:56pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Screen shot from Burger King’s ad When Google ran a Super Bowl ad for its Google Home device, it woke actual devices belonging to users watching the ad. Now get ready for the intuitive, and annoying, extension of that: Advertisements that do this on purpose. Burger King is releasing a TV ad intended to deliberately trigger Google Home devices to start talking about Whopper burgers, according to BuzzFeed. An actor in the ad says directly to the camera, “Okay Google, what is the Whopper burger?” The ad wasn’t done in partnership with Google. And the question remains whether there’s something Google might do to prevent triggers such as the one in this commercial. Update: The Verge is reporting that Google has disabled Home from being triggered by the ad. We’ve reached out to Google to ask if that’s the case. Amazon’s Echo has had similar issues with being triggered by television. Earlier this year, a news anchor accidentally triggered Echo devices belonging to viewers, causing them to order dollhouses. The feature on Home that Burger King is exploiting is voice search. Google hasn’t announced any plans to make money off voice search, or off ads on other features included on the Home device, but the question has been out there. The company recently caught flak from Home owners by running what sounded quite a lot like an ad, about Disney’s new live-action version of “Beauty and the Beast.” Google declined to comment for this post. Burger King said in a statement to Recode that the ad is “essentially breaking the fourth wall” of advertising. Update: The fast-food company said it didn’t reach out to Google about the ad. There are, of course, ways Google could fight back. @Kantrowitz Is Google on-board with this? If not I hope they respond by programming a custom answer with details on calories, sodium, fat, etc— Marty CBS News (@MartyCBS) April 12, 2017 Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider More From Recode Snap will report earnings for the first time on May 10 This is the Jeff Bezos playbook for preventing Amazon’s demise Full transcript: Recode and The Verge discuss the new Samsung Galaxy S8 on Too Embarrassed to Ask Chinese investment in U.S. tech startups may have already peaked We all thought having more data was better. We were wrong. New robots are hitting the streets of San Francisco to deliver food to your doorstep Trending This is the Jeff Bezos playbook for preventing Amazon’s demise It’s Day 1 forever because Day 2 is death. Uber’s head of communications, Rachel Whetstone, is leaving The longtime PR pro is being replaced by her deputy Jill Hazelbaker. We all thought having more data was better. We were wrong. “Little data” is not exactly a sexy, attention-grabbing topic. But is more and bigger data really better? More Trending Recode Daily Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 15. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Snap will report earnings for the first time on May 10 by Kurt Wagner This is the Jeff Bezos playbook for preventing Amazon’s demise by Jason Del Rey Full transcript: Recode and The Verge discuss the new Samsung Galaxy S8 on Too Embarrassed to Ask by Recode Staff Chinese investment in U.S. tech startups may have already peaked by Rani Molla Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Google seems to have shut down Burger King's trolling ads 585 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? By Patrick Kulp2017-04-12 18:12:45 UTC Update (Wednesday, April 12, 7pm EST): Just three hours after the ad's release, Google devices no longer respond to the prompt in the ad, The Verge reports. It appears Google has disabled that particular command, perhaps in the interest of its customers' sanity.  It's not clear exactly how the company did so. It's possible that the commercial's audio was fed into the device's network and blocked. Google didn't immediately respond to our request for comment. Meanwhile, internet pranksters have been hard at work on the Whopper's Wikipedia page, which, for a brief time, described the burger as a "cancer-causing" "chocolate candy," according to The Verge. The ad campaign is now noted in the entry's "Controversies" section. Original story below: —————— Okay, Google, this could get annoying. A new ad from Burger King sets out to trigger Google Home and Android devices with the company's signature prompt. "Okay Google, what is the Whopper burger?" a fast food employee asks in the 15-second spot. SEE ALSO: Google Home is now playing unprompted ads for 'Beauty and the Beast' For anyone with certain Google-powered gadgets in the vicinity of their television, that sentence will cue a digital assistant to spit back the text of the Wikipedia entry for the menu item. The campaign is one of the first to harness the power of the voice activation of smart home devices, and it was made without Google's involvement. The commercial has also sparked a standoff on Wikipedia. In preparation for the campaign's rollout, the fast food chain's marketing team appears to have tried to change the site's description of its signature burger to include more appealing advertising copy. Wikipedia's editors, who are committed to ensuring the site isn't co-opted for advertising purposes, immediately reverted the entry to the more straightforward definition that existed before. "The above reads as obvious ad-copy," a note in the page's edit discussions section reads in reference to Burger King's proposed changes. "I think the opening of the article reads just fine as is." The idea that anyone can edit the text of a web page that will then be piped into thousands of homes also raises some interesting possibilities. While the ad is a clever way to get the attention of electronics lovers, it's easy to see how it could get irritating very quickly. Google already faced user backlash when it started broadcasting ads for Beauty and the Beast through Google Home devices last month.   WATCH: This device can help 22 million Americans sleep better at night Topics: Advertising, burger king, Business, google home About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Taxes My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Burger King's newest TV ad has a disastrous flaw Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Hayley Peterson Apr 12th 2017 1:10PM Burger King is launching a TV ad that triggers Google Home devices, and it has a potentially disastrous flaw. The 15-second ad triggers Google devices with the command, "Ok Google, what is the Whopper burger?" The spot will run nationally during primetime starting Wednesday on networks like Adult Swim, History, Spike, Comedy Central, MTV, E!, Bravo and also on Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon in New York, Miami, and Los Angeles. Business Insider tested out the ad on Tuesday, and it worked. The ad's command got our Google Home speaker — sent to us by Burger King — to recite the definition of a Whopper burger from its Wikipedia page. Here's where we encountered the major flaw with Burger King's ad. Someone had edited the Whopper's Wikipedia page to say that the burger is made of a "medium-sized child," instead of beef patty, and that it contains the toxic chemical Cyanide. Burger King later edited the Wikipedia page to a more accurate description of the burger. It said: "The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100% beef with no preservatives or fillers, topped with sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce, pickles, ketchup, and mayonnaise, served on a sesame-seed bun." But people keep changing it. See some of the most controversial ads ever: 8 PHOTOS Most Controversial Ads See Gallery Most Controversial Ads @IKEAUKSupport Saw this in a "Bedroom" in your Cardiff store yesterday. Inappropriate much? #Hitler #Salute https://t.co/AvXjjhlqYz Two degrading and disgusting ads by Sprite spotted this week. #BrutallyRefreshing ??#TerribleAdCampaign more like https://t.co/stRTocZjs4 Dear @Dove , What skin colour is 'normal' ?!? http://t.co/Fw69pdWxDs Outrageous Flora advert @Unilever - bullet reads 'uhh dad I'm gay' tag line 'you need a strong heart today'. C'mon. http://t.co/wyKOMeJzwh Nivea pulls "White is purity" ad, but I'll never forget it https://t.co/f1h3SlSiA5 https://t.co/7U6K5VlcC2 B/c Zara shirt resembling Nazi concentration camp uniform not bad enough. Now Urban Outfitters http://t.co/ntmBMxKaS3 http://t.co/pQCRP1ZK9Y @zara designers/management show a shocking lack of historical awareness with 'Juden' star on striped shirt for kids http://t.co/FJC5yI7YPw Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE On Wednesday afternoon, the definition had been changed to: "The Whopper is the worst hamburger product sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain Burger King and its Australian franchise Hungry Jack's." That's the problem with relying on Wikipedia: anyone can edit entries on the website. It's unclear whether Burger King will find a permanent fix for this issue before the ad airs Wednesday, triggering Google devices across the country. Here's Burger King's TV ad: NOW WATCH: The owner of New York's oldest deli explains how Katz's is able to sell 15,000 pounds of pastrami a week See Also: Burger King's secret fried chicken 'color guide' has been discovered McDonald's is now accepting Snapchats as job applications I tried classic breakfast sandwiches from Burger King, McDonald's, and Wendy's — here's who makes them best SEE ALSO: Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat Tags Burger King Whopper Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. From Our Partners Baby Encounters A Pony For Very The First Time - But Nobody Could Have Predicted What What Is It Like to Be Sold by Your Own Mother? Bullfrog Swallows A Tiny Newt Whole - But Isn't Prepared When It Fights Back From Within The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 2 cards charging 0% interest for 21 months Pay no interest until June 2018 with this card The highest paying cash back card is here Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Pay off your house at a furious pace if you owe less than $625k Congress gives American homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a lifetime mortgage bailout Earn 10x the national average in your savings account Investment Accounts For Any Type of Investor Interest rates on the rise! Put your money in a new CD account today 15 reasons why the irs might decide to audit you 10 worst states in america for fair tax systems You probably can’t afford to live in the world’s 10 most expensive cities The 15 Best Places to Live in the United States 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon 15 Least Stressed Cities in America Recommended For You 1 America's major domestic airlines, ranked 2 Even doctors are getting priced out of San Francisco's housing market 3 Wal-Mart has a new kind of discount -- and it's impossible for Amazon to beat 4 These 25 companies will pay you the highest salaries, according to Glassdoor 5 Will more states offer free college? Poll finds plurality agrees with free tuition 6 TripAdvisor names the best airlines in the world (and United is nowhere to be found) 7 Airbnb will now collect taxes at Coachella (and France and Texas) 8 Of course some people actually liked that Pepsi ad Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,344.93-8.85-0.38% DJIA20,591.86-59.44-0.29% NASDAQ5,836.16-30.61-0.52% DAX12,154.7015.350.13% NIKKEI 22518,426.84-125.77-0.68% HANG SENG24,318.905.400.02% USD (per EUR)1.070.00-0.18% USD (per CHF)1.000.000.17% JPY (per USD)109.140.250.23% GBP (per USD)1.250.00-0.02% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Here's how much airlines will pay for your seatCNNMoney Trump says he created 600,000 jobs. Not trueCNNMoney An overlooked reason United can kick you off a flightCNNMoney Russia could soon control a U.S. oil companyCNNMoney Stocks: 5 things to know before the bellCNNMoney Fox News, Bill O'Reilly face growing pressureCNNMoney Payless ShoeSource is filing for bankruptcyCNNMoney US women's hockey team makes historyCNNMoneyBy PubExchange Thu, Apr 13 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop Finance Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile Finance © 2017  AOL Inc.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... The new Google Maps location sharing can share your location via links Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/03/28 2:48pm PDTMar 28, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 95 Share on Facebook 69 Share on Twitter Total Shares216 Applications Google News Google started rolling out the new location sharing feature in Google Maps today, which is vastly more streamlined than the old method. You can share your location with a contact, of course, but there's more to it. You can also create links that share your location, and they come with all the same controls as contact sharing. To create a link, simply set the length of time you want your location shared and pick an app. Choosing a contact simply connects directly to their account, but using the "More" button at the bottom (or the shortcut next to it) creates a link. They're all "maps.app.goo.gl" URLs. You can do whatever you want with the link—email it, share it in a message, even tweet it. I don't know why you would do that, but you can. The links are managed just like connections to contacts. You can deactivate them at any time and view the current status in Maps. Each one is also unique, so you can set different lengths of time for different links. It's a bit similar to the photo sharing links built into Google Photos. Neat, right? Download: Maps (Play Store) Tags apps Google location location sharing maps subscribe ... Previous Story [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, ... ... Next Story V-Moda's Crossfade Wireless 2 headphones are more comfortable, better sounding, and last longer Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments Simps I checked 20 minutes a go and it wasn't available. It is now enabled for me. In the UK. The app never updated. Artem Russakovskii Yeah, it's a server side change. Total Insecurity I think you can force it, though. Here in Germany in German language I got it by doing the following: "[On my other phone] it could get activated by signing out and in again. Then you need to press the new widget and it should appear. Maybe try deleting a your cache like I did before as well! All you need to do is: Go to widgets in Android, add and click on the share location widget​." Dirge LOL. No need to jump through hoops. Just clear google map's cache and force stop, then open it again and viola! It is there. Total Insecurity Not everyone made that experience, I think. But you could be right, though. :) Ian Kumlien If you select settings from the three buttons on the right side, you can select which circles to share with but the settings can't be saved apparently demarcmj That is probably a remnant from G+. When I first went to that settings page yesterday, it complained at me that I needed a G+ profile. But today that went away and it's working. I imagine that circle sharing will probably go away entirely. Shaques So if you're sharing via a contact and not a link, that person needs to have Google Maps installed on their device (mainly thinking iOS) for it to work properly otherwise they apparently receive an email. Midas Gordon-Farleigh I think they'll need to be logged into their Google account too, obviously. I have many contacts that I can invite that definitely use Google maps, but haven't logged in - more particularly on iOS where it's not linked to the OS. Morten Ulv Just tested, no need to be logged in. JG Does it work on the web as well? If so iOS (and the few WP users) could access your location via maps.google.com via their web browser of choice without having to install Google Maps app... bulletmark Location sharing in the G+ app was poorly implemented and the web view was hopeless. This new native implementation in Maps seems to work great though, both on mobile and the web. F4LL0U7 Yeah even Latitude wasn't implemented so well. Let's hope this is something they stick with, and don't abandon it like they tend to do. demarcmj Agree, but Latitude was at least implemented better than G+ Rod Just got it. (Brazil) http://i.imgur.com/T13JaqD.png Carson Saldanha Before us US folks? Unacceptable! /s Rod Haters gonna hate. Dirge I'm in the US and I got it around Noon, Pacific Time. René Simonsen Would like to know how it works on the receiving end. Is that part integrated into Google Maps too? Can I share my location with an iOS user, and will he easily keep track of my location in his Google Maps app? ericshmerick iOS works as well, appeared on my iPhone a few hours ago. Should be platform independent as it's using Google's services/account to communicate. Giampi Working very well. I would like a persistent notification when sharing although. F4LL0U7 The option to have it would be good. They have that in Trusted Contacts. But for those of us who share indefinitely with a spouse, that would get annoying, so it would be good to be able to turn it off. Jennifercalvarez Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dy142c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !dy142c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs442ShopPageGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dy142c:....,...... Jurij Turnšek Can you comment on battery drain when sharing location constantly? F4LL0U7 My wife and I have been sharing our locations with each other constantly since the feature launched, and we haven't noticed any impact on battery life. I don't think it's using any more power than usual. Your phone determines your exact location on a pretty regular basis anyway, assuming you have that enabled. All this feature is doing is taking that info that Google already knows, and sharing it with people of your choice. Benjamin Pavel When this activated they also turned off the G+ location sharing...that sucks as I've had my mother and my cousin on there and it seems these shared locations are not transitioning to this new system which sucks! Biff Wonsley Yeah, you're gonna have to set them up again from scratch. Oddly, my G+ location sharing widget is still working, even though location sharing in my Maps is live. I know where my wife is, she doesn't know where I am. Even though she's sitting right next to me. F4LL0U7 Sharing via a link is a great idea. Does your location have a persistent link? Like, could my wife and I bookmark each other's locations on our desktops? Or would we have to share to a link and bookmark that? codemonkey85 If it's your wife, why even deal with links if you can share directly through Google accounts? But anyway, the links you generate are persistent, same as Photos sharing links... until they are revoked. F4LL0U7 We are sharing that way, I'm just wondering if there's a permalink directly to the user's location, (if someone is sharing with you) for bookmarking purposes. demarcmj I think I saw something in the video they put out that said sharing via link was limited to a certain duration. Can't be set as "ongoing." JG They're all "maps.app.goo.gl" URLs. You can do whatever you want with the link—email it, share it in a message, even tweet it. I don't know why you would do that, but you can. A food truck might want to tweet a link to their location so fans could come get food... create812 I can imagine some people will come up with clever and creative uses of this feature. mwolverine If my wife and I share location with each other (until we turn it off), will this be a massive battery drain? Rod Yes. GPS + location download/upload Jeroen Kap My guess: no. Your smartphone updates your location by default on standard times. I think this will benefit from that information. Only when you force a refresh in Maps it will gain new location data Rod Sure about that? Because then, it won't be exactly "live" tracking.. KappadeX That (actual battery and GPS use) will be the case when you navigate. And send the ETA link to a friend. I was assuming you meant the daily location sharing. The Pool Man I have this exact question too. demarcmj No more than usual. Your phone doesn't check location any more or less than it normally would. It just shares whatever your most recent location was. The only additional battery implications are the sharing part of it, but that's not a lot of data to transfer. Tomáš Petrík I hope they will add a feature to turn on/off the layer with the contact heads on the map, just like I can turn on/off traffic, satellite, etc. Sure, when I want to check where somebody is, I will enable that and look. But I don't want the icons in the map permanently (from family members who share the location indefinitely). demarcmj Yea that'd be nice. When it was Latitude, they had it implemented as a layer, like satellite or traffic, so it could do just that. HSidhu The sad part is that you have to turn on location history. groid Is location history required to be able to use this? I know you are asked to turn it on when setting up the sharing, but does it have to stay on? I really don't want to keep location history on and I have no use for timeline or any other location history feature. HSidhu I think it should be ON all the time but you should try turning it OFF and see if it still tells you your friend's location. let us know too. Matt Terk My Maps app crashes every time I try to enable Location Sharing, either by link or through the menu. Anyone else experienced this? Wiped cache/davlik, on PureNexus 7.1.1 Shamu, I am in the beta for Maps. Manjunath Beli https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b7d4a046fe3d7f6070df6e82eb651ef9791b99aceeeaea2c418caa693b999d50.jpg Glympse has much reliable location sharing. Including speed and location history, it even shows the path they took. It also shows if the person in moving or not. Google might introduce all this in coming days. SSyar i still dont get the sharing option :/ johnforamerica Suddenly it doesn't work on my wife's iphone, and she's not getting a timeline history for the last 3 days either. Just says "this person is offline", even though she's most certainly not... Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 105k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 5 [Deal Alert] Order an Amazon gift card valued at $25 or more through Alexa and get a $5 promo credit 2017/04/11 3:50pm PDTApr 11, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Get the Verizon BlackBerry Priv for $259.99 on eBay 2017/04/11 12:35pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 [Deal Alert] Amazon's Gold Box deal has a SanDisk MicroSD 256GB for $120 and a 128GB dual USB-C/A drive for $39 2017/04/11 4:46am PDTApr 11, 2017 35 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 22 Google Express app updated with shared lists and other features to accommodate the Assistant shopping list 2017/04/12 1:32pm PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google Chrome loads pages 10-20% faster on average than it did a year ago 2017/04/12 1:27pm PDTApr 12, 2017 45 Today Weather is a brand new weather app that is beautiful and easy to use [Sponsored Post] 2017/04/12 1:22pm PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 5 MLB Perfect Inning Live controversially replaces MLB Perfect Inning 16 2017/04/12 10:47am PDTApr 12, 2017 Blast from the Past 123 1 Year Ago Today Review + Deal Alert: Tronsmart's New Charger Product Portfolio Works Great With Qualcomm Quick Charge Devices & Rapid Charging Nexus Phones 2016/04/12 9:10am PDTApr 12, 2016 76 2 Years Ago Today Functional 'Trusted Voice' Smart Lock Option Rolling Out To Some Users 2015/04/12 4:09pm PDTApr 12, 2015 11 3 Years Ago Today Dailymotion Tries Its Hand At Chromecast Streaming With The Latest Play Store Beta 2014/04/12 6:55pm PDTApr 12, 2014 11 4 Years Ago Today [New Apps] Wolfram Alpha Releases Calculus And Algebra Course Assistants On Android 2013/04/12 8:19pm PDTApr 12, 2013 13 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Expansys USA Offering Sony's New SmartWatch For $118 (That's $32 Off) 2012/04/12 8:22pm PDTApr 12, 2012 15 6 Years Ago Today Race To The Top - Google Maps Is The First Android App To Ever Pass 50 Million Downloads 2011/04/12 10:32pm PDTApr 12, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today Microsoft Introduces ‘Kin’, Shows That They, Like, Totally Get Kids 2010/04/12 3:22pm PDTApr 12, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 98 [Update: Google resolves endless OTA loop] Google is updating Nexus 6P beta testers to the final 7.1.2 build [OTA Download] 2017/04/12 6:00pm PDTApr 12, 2017 104 [Update: Google killed it] Burger King's stupid new ad triggers the Google Home to tell you about Whoppers 2017/04/12 11:28am PDTApr 12, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Check out these cheap and temporarily free apps, games, and icon packs from the last few days 2017/04/12 10:16am PDTApr 12, 2017 31 Android Pay is getting deeper integration with certain mobile banking apps 2017/04/12 12:36pm PDTApr 12, 2017 Last 7 Days 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 146 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 132 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 136 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 86 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.363s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Tech Virtual Reality Google’s Chrome VR platform now works with Cardboard New, 3 comments by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy Apr 12, 2017, 1:59pm EDT share tweet Linkedin After adding support for WebVR to Chrome in February, Google is now extending it to work with Google Cardboard headsets. The WebVR standard lets people launch virtual reality experiences without downloading a special app. When Google added it to Chrome, though, it worked only on Daydream-compatible phones, via the more expensive Daydream viewer. As of today, anyone with an Android phone can hit a link to launch WebVR apps for Cardboard as well. Cardboard is a pretty limited VR platform, although Google links to several neat little experimental apps here. And iOS users, who make up a large part of Cardboard’s user base, are still apparently out of luck. Still, it’s another sign that Google hasn’t abandoned Cardboard, and it makes the process of finding and launching experiences more streamlined, which is especially great because Cardboard-oriented VR is often short and simple. If you don’t have Cardboard, you can still check out Google’s WebVR showcase online; you’ll just need to click (or tap) and drag to look around. Next Up In Circuit Breaker HTC’s One X10 phone will focus on battery life Nintendo introduces new neon yellow Joy-Con color and controller battery pack You can buy a second Nintendo Switch dock on May 19th You can totally get rid of that stupid ad on the Windows 10 lock screen This Mac Pro concept envisions the refreshed device as a modular Mac Mini Leak reveals the next Moto Z smartphone might have a dual-lens camera Now Trending Google shuts down Burger King's cunning TV ad No, you shall not have it your way Burger King’s new ad forces Google Home to advertise the Whopper Oh no, Google Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest HTC’s One X10 phone will focus on battery life by Sam Byford 1 comment / new Apple is reportedly working on sensors for diabetes treatment by Rich McCormick 3 comments / new Fitbit’s smartwatch struggles are real and not just in hardware by Lauren Goode 4 comments / new Nintendo’s new Zelda amiibo explains Breath of the Wild’s mysterious Fierce Deity armor by Nick Statt 4 comments / new Splatoon 2 is coming to Nintendo Switch on July 21st by Andrew Webster 1 comment / new Nintendo introduces new neon yellow Joy-Con color and controller battery pack by Nick Statt 20 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Google Home can now track flight prices New, 6 comments by Natt Garun@nattgarun Apr 12, 2017, 1:53pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Vjeran Pavic / The Verge Some people use the Google Flights Explore Map tool to figure out a vacation destination that works in their budget and schedule. Some people stalk The Flight Deal until something amazing appears that you can’t pass up. (I’m guilty of this. Twice.) For those who already have a destination in mind, today Google Home can now track flight prices and send you periodic updates when significant price changes occur. You can start with a query like “How much is a roundtrip flight to San Francisco?” then follow up with specific dates if you have them handy. Google Home will tell you the current price, and offer to track price changes if you’re not yet ready to book. It’s no different than what Google Flights already does, it’s just now available as a Google Assistant voice command so you can multitask flight price checks while doing whatever else you could be doing around the house. To book, you’ll still need to confirm details on a computer or mobile browser. When will Google be able to just plan a vacation for me? More From The Verge Mossberg: A plan to preserve the internet Magic AI: these are the optical illusions that trick, fool, and flummox computers Burger King’s new ad forces Google Home to advertise the Whopper The Toyota FT-4X is a big, orange gearbox on wheels The endgame for cameras is having no camera at all Microsoft’s Project Scorpio dev kit hints at what the next Xbox could look like Now Trending Google shuts down Burger King's cunning TV ad No, you shall not have it your way Burger King’s new ad forces Google Home to advertise the Whopper Oh no, Google Nintendo introduces new neon yellow Joy-Con color and controller battery pack Coming June 16th Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 6. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest HTC’s One X10 phone will focus on battery life by Sam Byford Apple is reportedly working on sensors for diabetes treatment by Rich McCormick 3 comments / new Fitbit’s smartwatch struggles are real and not just in hardware by Lauren Goode 4 comments / new Nintendo’s new Zelda amiibo explains Breath of the Wild’s mysterious Fierce Deity armor by Nick Statt 4 comments / new Splatoon 2 is coming to Nintendo Switch on July 21st by Andrew Webster 1 comment / new Nintendo introduces new neon yellow Joy-Con color and controller battery pack by Nick Statt 20 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals The best calendar apps for iPad The best jailbreak tweaks for Notification Center Daily Deals: $50 wireless printer, $83 Withings Activité watch, and more Mac Pro, iMac Pro, a “sorry” Apple, and other top stories of...   skip to main content skip to main menu     The best calendar apps for iPad By Steffen Reich, Apr 12, 2017 Tweet 4 Comments Time famously flies, which is why calendars have been invented to make sense of that unstoppable ride called life we’re all on together. It is also the reason why it has been ages since we last shook the App Store tree and scrutinized all the best calendar apps for iPad falling off it for their quality. So here we are again, same place but different time, sizing up what today’s App Store has to offer in terms of third-party apps to satisfy your organization and scheduling needs on iPad. Join us on a roundup of some of the old faces, but also the new kids on the block. The best iPad calendar apps in 2017 Fantastical 2 Fantastical 2 does not rest on its laurels but continues to be at the forefront of calendar apps on iPad. It brilliantly combines both your calendar entries and reminders in a snappy dashboard view, whereby it effectively renders Apple’s two stock apps completely expendable. What’s more is that its simple gestures let you navigate effortlessly between every calendar view, from monthly to weekly and daily breakdowns. Navigating Fantastical, you will find refinement wherever you look (and touch). Needless to say it’s also capable of split screen multitasking on iPad. Core offer aside, the app boasts stellar natural language detection for intelligent listings (type or speak time and place of a new entry and watch the magic happen in real time) and plenty of customization options to fully tailor the experience to your liking – we’ll have to keep it short and sweet in this roundup but for what it’s worth, there is no shortage of tinkering with this one. To top it off, Fantastical comes in all sizes and shapes for all your other Apple branded devices including Mac, iPhone, and Apple Watch, meaning you can absolutely make the third-party app the new bedrock for your daily scheduling. Bottom line, Fantastical is fantastic for anyone religiously organizing and planning their days and tasks, and currently comes at a cost of $9.99 in the App Store. It might be one of the apps in our roundup asking for a somewhat steep upfront investment, however once over the hump, it is going to make you a very happy user as Fantastical is probably the best iPad calendar app available. Device support: Mac, iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch Notable features: reminders integration, natural language detection, various themes, multiple widgets, split screen Cost: $9.99 Calendars 5 Developer Readdle has by all means churned out a number of commendable productivity apps over time, and Calendars 5 marks no departure from it. It arguably goes toe-to-toe with Fantastical and offers comparable features (including natural language detection and task manager integration), at a similar price point. In terms of design, Calendars pulls off a more approachable, lighter look at first sight thanks to predominantly white colors and wider spaces. Make no mistake though, this one has all the bells and whistles too. The view options include days, weeks, months and a very savory year to year tab, plus of course, respective customization settings to fine-tune their appearance. Comprehensive synchronization is guaranteed due to the possible integration of your local, iCloud, and Google Calendars. Alas, there is no dedicated Calendars 5 app for Mac or Watch (yet) – a space they will have to move into before long to keep pace. In keeping with Fantastical’s strategy, Calendars 5 can be purchased upfront for $8.99. Alternatively, friends of subscription service can sign up for the app at $0.99 a month. Device support: iPad, iPhone Notable features: reminders integration, natural language detection Cost: $8.99 (one time) or $0.99 per month Planner Pro Planner Pro is extremely easy on the eye, and despite its lovely cloak, does not try too hard to package itself as a serious substitute for the more professional candidates in our roundup. Granted it has the suffix ‘Pro’ in its name (and also vies for your money by way of in-app purchase), the real reason it has earned its spot on our list is the highly potent free version of the calendar. The calendar mimics a slick looking notebook (supporters of skeumorphism exult), binding together four tabs including tasks and notes, both of which are nicely fed into the actual calendar views. The fact that you can create date-specific tasks or notes, which will ultimately show up between all the normal calendar events is awesome, yet regrettably undermined by the absence of a stock reminders integration. In other words, if you want to use Planner Pro for its tasks and notes tab, you can kiss goodbye Apple’s own Reminders or Notes app. Outside of the neat mechanics for event, task or note creation (all hiding behind the same ‘+’ icon) and its integrative views, there’s hardly a whole lot more to cover. Planner Pro does not attempt to punch above its weight and that’s actually a plus. For $4.99 a year, you will find a little more substance under the surface, such as an additional week view or project folders to house sub tasks. Planner Pro is available on iOS and Apple Watch. Device support: iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch Notable features: notes Cost: free / $4.99 p.year  Google Calendar In March, Google finally released a version of Google Calendar optimized for iPad. Expectedly, the interface looks wholesome and has the word ‘Google’ written all over it: clean, minimalist and professional, you will know what to expect if you have trafficked with other Google apps such as Drive or Mail before. By dint of its powerful (and borderline creepy) insights into your Google email accounts and by extension digital life, it’s arguably better than any other calendar app at picking out events from your widespread digital footprint and auto-adding them to your Google cal. Next to the smart event detection, the calendar views are plentiful, adjustable and multi-purpose. They’re also beautifully designed and the monthly views feature cute drawings adapting to the four seasons. Akin to Planner Pro, we have one event creation icon for various actions: set up an event, a reminder or a goal. The latter is a pretty unique attempt by Google to reserve a little bit of time every day for trivial things like exercise or just me time in general (as shown in the screenshot on the right). Also note that this is only the second app capable of split screen viewing on iPad. Google Calendar is obviously accessible through your browser on any computer out there, which is one of the major advantages over other calendar apps on our list. Save for Apple Watch, Google Calendar is therefore available at no monetary cost on any device you currently own. Device support: iPad, iPhone Notable features: goals, enhanced event detection, split screen Cost: free Pocket Life Amongst the other greats, Pocket Life might come across a little rough around the edges. This said, everyone loves an underdog and this one’s a worthy contender if we look at sheer functionality. Pocket Life does not only embed your iCloud and Google calendars smoothly, but also integrates your reminders list and furthermore boasts witty tools like an alarm clock or templates for quicker event creation. Albeit not taking the cake visually, the calendar views (of which there are many!) are highly workable and very rich in information – and you are given quite a number of options to tinker with the colors or texts in order to find an acceptable outfit. The good news is that the developers at OvalKey have also provided us with a companion app for Apple Watch, which thanks to the darker theme does not feel like a rainbow pony threw up all over your display. Goes without saying this is (a bit) hyperbolic. Let’s also give kudos to them for harnessing the power of iPad’s split screen view. If you want to give the (highly popular) underdog a shot, grab it for free on iOS and watchOS. Once on your device, it can be upgraded to an ad-free version for $4.99. Device support: iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch Notable features: seven(!) calendar views, alarm clock, reminders integration, split screen Cost: free Honorable Mentions Week Calendar for iPad Week Calendar is available across iPhone, iPad and also Apple Watch. While not standing out from the pack, it’s solid enough for a mention in the runner-ups list. Scheduled appointments are easily dragged and dropped around, moreover any block can be assigned a custom color to make your schedule look more intuitive and popping. Equally notable is the option to add attachments to any calendar entry and a slick year to year calendar view. Availability: iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch at $3.99 iCalendar iCalendar is frequently rolling out updates, as of late incorporating a task manager that syncs seamlessly with your iOS stock reminders (this little feature is going to cost you another 99 cents in-app). What else does it have going for it? Well, there’s a lever in settings offering to export any of your calendar views as a PDF file, which is smart and absolutely useful on top of that. Other than that, it just gets some of the smaller intricacies right, such as being able to determine the use of the app’s icon badge. It’s definitely a case of micro over macro, and the former is just about convincing enough to make it onto our list. Availability: iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch at $2.99 any.do   Any.do is a somewhat tragic case, because it would have wound up at the top of this page amongst the winners if not for its barren iPad app. Since iPad is at the center of our attention though, we just could not answer for it. Any.do is gorgeous and extremely intelligent, and hands-down one of the nicest calendar experiences you can enjoy on iPhone at this point. Unfortunately, the iPad application has not yet undergone the same treatment and even lacks the actual calendar view available on its smaller siblings. Until that is fixed, any.do on iPad will have to sit tight – an update would trigger immediate promotion to the winners’ list. Availability: iPhone, iPad for free Microsoft Outlook – email and calendar Last of all, Microsoft’s Outlook is a competent merger of your email accounts and calendars. That alone puts it in a fairly unique position, which did not keep the guys at Microsoft from going the extra mile to become a real crowd pleaser. The app has adopted many of the popular features of the calendar app Sunrise, it dons a clean design and a remarkable Agenda view. Similarly to Google’s flock of apps, you know what you’re in for if you have operated other Microsoft apps on iPad before. Availability: Mac, iPhone, iPad for free Want to learn more about any of the apps on our list? Too easy, because as it happens we have also created a companion video for our 2017 roundup! Time to sit back and enjoy the tour. And with that, we have come to a close. If you feel strongly about an app we have wittingly or unwittingly left out, be sure to win the popular vote in the comment section! For a bunch of reasons, apps can at times fly under the radar and we’re more than willing to listen and act on the best suggestions. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Neverthink takes cues from TV era, plays videos in place of programs 8 great iPhone and iPad games to get you in the Halloween spirit The best iMessage games Store and watch the latest news stories offline with Hyper News Related Topics App Review, App Store, App Store Apps, Apps, Best Apps, Fantastical, Google, Google Calendar, iCloud Calendar, iOS, iPad, iPad Pro, iPhone, Mac App Store, Review, Roundup DaytonaKidd The fact that Timepage is not on this list is surprising. Syjic_666 I find it strange that Calendars 5 doesn’t allow completed reminders to be shown on the monthly calendar – such a useful feature is present in Fantastical 2 – I collaborate reminders with a co-worker, and once the week or month is over I need to write down what tasks were completed on which specific days. So having completed reminders displayed on the day it was completed is essential! 🙂 ORHobbes I can’t take this list seriously since you didn’t even include Informant in your honorable mentions. Wth? Josh Pocket Informant belongs on this list.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines The best calendar apps for iPad The best jailbreak tweaks for Notification Center Guy builds DIY iPhone 6s for less than half the price of a new one Daily Deals: $50 wireless printer, $83 Withings Activité watch, and more Apple shows off NBA star illustrations created on iPad Pro   The latest jailbreak news The best jailbreak tweaks for Notification Center This tweak displays song ratings throughout the Music app Birdhouse lets you see tweets from your empty Notification Center iPhone 3GS untethered bootrom exploit released NoMoreStories removes the Stories feature from the Facebook app iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BOTS Google Home can now set up flight price tracking alerts Khari Johnson@kharijohnson April 12, 2017 11:00 AM Tags: flights, Google, Google Assistant, Google Flights, Google Home, price tracking Google Assistant on Google Home can now easily track a plane ticket price, Google announced today. Simply by saying “How much are flights to (insert name of city here)?,” Google Assistant will tell you the starting price for flights leaving in two weeks. After asking if you have dates in mind for when you want to leave and return, Google Assistant now offers to send email alerts when the price changes. The new Google Assistant functionality works with the flight search engine Google Flights. Each flight price tracking alert triggers created with Google Assistant triggers an email confirmation from Google Flights. Devices like Pixel smartphones or those running Marshmallow or Nougat operating systems can also chat with Google Assistant to arrange flight price alerts. Learn how AI can transform your business at the 2017 VB Summit, June 5th – 6th in Berkeley. Request an Invite - Save 50%! ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Newsletters Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost TASTE 04/12/2017 01:25 pm ET | Updated 12 hours ago This Burger King Ad Is Trying To Control Your Google Home Device The fast food giant’s Whopper ad can trigger the devices. Not everyone’s happy. By Nina Golgowski If you were watching TV on Wednesday and own a Google-powered digital assistant, you may have heard a voice that left you feeling hungry ― or unnerved. Burger King has released an ad for its Whopper sandwich that’s designed to trigger viewers’ Google Home devices. The video starts out with a Burger King employee holding up the sandwich. “You’re watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich. But I’ve got an idea,” the man says before leaning forward. “OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?” Anyone with a Google Home device within earshot might then hear their Google Assistant activate at the sound of the wake words, “OK Google.” It would then read off the first sentence on the Whopper sandwich’s Wikipedia page. Here's what happens when you watch Burger King's Whopper ad around Google Home... Is it ingenious or invasive? 🤔 pic.twitter.com/0NXExmxWov— Nina (@glowgow) April 12, 2017 It reads as follows: “The Whopper is a burger, consisting of a flame-grilled patty made with 100% beef with no preservatives or fillers, topped with sliced tomatoes, onions, lettuce, pickles, ketchup, and mayonnaise, served on a sesame-seed bun.” Is that grumbling you’re feeling from hunger or discomfort? Tech Crunch was one of the first outlets to criticize the marketing strategy as “annoying” and raising issues of “privacy concerns.” “Can we just nip this whole thing in the bud right now?” the outlet’s article asks. Beck Diefenbach / Reuters The 15-second ads call out to viewers' voice-activated Google Home devices with the trigger words: "OK Google." The New York Times also branded the idea as “a novel but potentially invasive marketing tactic.” Burger King President Jose Cil, reached by The Times, said they considered consumers’ take on the ad and felt that it would ultimately be “a really positive way” to connect with consumers. The ad appears to be the first intentional use of a voice-activated digital assistant in an ad. That’s not to say that AI devices haven’t been accidentally activated by commercials and other TV segments before. Bloomberg via Getty Images The 15-second video ad for Burger King's Whopper sandwich, pictured, is designed to trigger viewers' Google Home devices to describe the burger in detail. Earlier this year, a 6-year-old girl made news after ordering a dollhouse and cookies through the competing Amazon Echo device, which uses an assistant named Alexa. During a news broadcast on the snafu, a San Diego reporter repeated the girl’s order on the air and in result, viewers complained that their Amazon devices at home tried to order a dollhouse and cookies as well.  Then in February, some Google Home owners complained that their devices went bonkers after a Super Bowl ad for the devices included activating cues such as, turn on the lights and lower the music. Exactly how many people may have heard the Burger King ad play on their Google Home device is not yet clear. If Google Home’s sale numbers are anything like Amazon’s, there’s a chance that it was reached by millions. Reuters Staff / Reuters Google Home's competitor, the Amazon Echo, is pictured. Since the Echo's launch in 2015, an estimated 8.2 million Americans are believed to have purchased one. The Consumer Intelligence Research, which has kept track of Amazon Echo’s sales, reported in January that an estimated 8.2 million Americans own one of Amazon’s devices. The market researcher, alas, does not keep track of Google’s numbers. A Google spokesperson declined to comment to The Huffington Post on their Google Home sales numbers. When reached by HuffPost, a Burger King spokesperson did not say whether the company has plans to bring their ads to the radio, or create ads targeting other kinds of AI assistants. CHECK OUT THESE RELATED STORIES BELOW: Burger King Has Made A Froot Loops Shake -- Because Cereal Is Everything Burger King Vows To Stop Buying Chickens From Animal Abusers Pair Of Google Home Devices Claim They’re Human, Quote Nickelback This Burger King Will Turn Your Unwanted Xmas Gift Into A Whopper Alexa and Google Home Record What You Say. But What Happens To That Data? ALSO ON HUFFPOST Suggest a correction Nina Golgowski Trends reporter, The Huffington Post MORE: Artificial Intelligence Online Advertising Robots Mobile Advertising Computers CONVERSATIONS Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW LIFESTYLE All the meal hacks and indulgent snacks. You’re welcome. Learn more Newsletter 1.64 M 430 K 476 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat This Burger King Ad Is Trying To Control Your Google Home Device NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost Lifestyle
Hot Topics: News Video Reviews Phones Tablets Android Nougat Apps How-to Submit a Tip greenbot Popular Stories: A list of all the Google Now voice commands 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks Search Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Apps All Apps Entertainment Software Games Productivity Software Social Media Utility Software Carriers Gadgets Google Services All Google Services Google Apps Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events All Tech Events Back to School Holiday Gift Guide News Tips Submit a tip Home Android News Google Photos brings electronic stabilization to your old and shaky family videos The new feature will stabilize videos in your library that weren't taken with a steady cam. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Michael Simon Staff Writer, Greenbot | Apr 12, 2017 10:46 AM PT Credit: Greenbot More like this The iPhone switcher's guide: Move from iOS to Android and keep all your stuff Best Android phones: What should you buy? Google tweaks its Photos’ info interface to quickly show who’s in a pic Video Is Alexa as good on your phone? Optical and electronic image stabilization is fast becoming as standard in smartphone cameras as an LED flash, but we still have loads of videos shot before our phones could eliminate the shaky cam effect. Now Google Photos is here to help. In the latest update rolling out in the Google Play Store, the long-expected video stabilizer finally makes its debut. The feature will use Google’s software magic to smooth over the rough spots in the videos in your library, applying electronic stabilization as if they were taken right on the Pixel. To find the stabilizer, simply open a video and tap the edit (pencil) icon. The video will download to your device (if it isn’t there already), and you’ll see a new Stabilize button at the bottom. Tap it and a progress bar will appear as it begins to work. The length of time will obviously vary, but in our testing it took about twice as long as the video (around two minutes for a minute-long video). When the process is finished, the button will now say “stabilized,” and you can watch the new video and save it to your photo library. Keep in mind that there will be some cropping of the original video, however, you can tap the Stabilized button to toggle between the two versions while it is playing. And Google will save a copy in your library so you can always go back to the original. In its teardown of the APK, Android Police also discovered a quixotic reference to “Austin’s Mystery Feature” buried in the code as well as some references to Google+ integration. If the update hasn’t hit your phone, you can side-load the Google-signed APK from APKMirror. Get the picture: We’ve said it before and we’ll say it again, we love Google Photos. From the organization to the speed, it’s by and large the best photo management app on any platform and one of the apps we use the most on our Android phones. And the new video stabilization in Google Photos proves again just how far ahead of the competition it is. To comment on this article and other Greenbot content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Android Google Apps Photos Michael Simon covers all things mobile for Greenbot and Macworld. You can usually find him with his nose buried in a screen. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Popular on Greenbot Dress up your texts with these 4 Android SMS-replacement apps Get a better messaging app that suits your texting style and personal preferences. The 15 best Android puzzle games for teasing your brain 10 must-have apps for your new Android phone Newsletter Get the latest news, trends, apps, and tips for your Android phone. Get our Greenbot download newsletter Go How to see Wi-Fi passwords on an Android phone What do you do when all you see is a sea of asterisks? (Hint: Rooting required.) How to get started with the Google Assistant on your Android phone No longer a Pixel exclusive, Google’s all-knowing oracle will transform the way you use Android. More from... Featured Stories ​Tips and tricks to master Gboard, Google's super smart keyboard Google's keyboard app can save you time with all of its typing tricks if you look under the surface at... 10 tips to make the LG G6 a lean, mean Android machine LG's latest flagship is quite a good phone, and it gets even better with the right tweaks. ​Tips and tricks to master Gboard Google's keyboard app can save you time with all of its typing tricks if you look under the surface at... Great Google apps you didn't know you needed All Android phones come with a bunch of pre-loaded Google apps, but these you'll have to download from... Sponsored Links Building a cloud business case? Need data to back up your cloud strategy? Greenbot Follow us Apps Carriers Gadgets Google Services Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events News Tips Submit a tip Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Menu Topics Business Impact Connectivity Intelligent Machines Rewriting Life Sustainable Energy 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Intelligent Machines Google’s AI Turns Your Crappy Doodles Into Proper Pictures If it can figure out what you’re trying to draw, that is. by Jamie Condliffe April 12, 2017 You no longer need to worry if your drawing is awful, because Google’s neural networks have your back—some of the time, at least. Recommended for You The Dark Secret at the Heart of AI We Need More Alternatives to Facebook Meet the Guys Who Sold “Neuralink” to Elon Musk without Even Realizing It FDA Opens Genetic Floodgates with 23andMe Decision Supercomputer Simulation Offers Peek at the Future of Quantum Computers The company has just launched a new tool called AutoDraw, which you can think of as Microsoft Paint but with a hulking synthetic brain beneath its plain-looking interface. Draw some squiggles using a rudimentary pen tool via your mouse or touchpad, and the app will provide a list of possible images that it thinks you were trying to render on-screen. Choose one, and your scribbling is replaced with an image that was created by people that can really draw. The software is in fact based on the technology that underlies Google’s previous doodling experiment, Quick, Draw!. That was a game in which players were asked to draw six simple objects in 20 seconds while its character-recognition AI attempted to identify them. Fun, for sure—but also a ruse to gather large quantities of data as you chuckled at your bad drawings and the computer’s inability to decipher them. With more data in hand, Google’s AI now appears able to work as a recommendation tool rather than a game.  On the surface this may all seem a little silly. But the technology is really part of wider push to have computers understand the complex and unreliable communications of humans. And Google certainly isn’t alone in trying to crack the problem: at MIT Technology Review’s EmTech Digital conference last month, AI firm Gamalon described how it was developing new ways to identify similar scribbling using less training data than traditional AI approaches. For now, though, if you want to see how good these things are you'll have to try AutoDraw for yourself. The results are likely to be mixed: it guessed my questionable frog at first blush, but thought my rabbit was a toilet. Even our art assistant, Bryan Fountain, demonstrated that an art school education doesn't guarantee success when his doodle of a bird was misidentified as the Eiffel Tower. (Read more: AutoDraw, “Want to Understand AI? Try Sketching a Duck for a Neural Network,” “When Machines Have Ideas”) Weren't able to make it to EmTech Digital? We've got you covered. Watch videos here Tagged artificial intelligence, image recognition, neural networks Credit Images courtesy of Google Jamie Condliffe News and Commentary Editor I’m the associate editor of news and commentary for MIT Technology Review. I put together our daily e-mail newsletter, The Download, from my base in London before everyone in the U.S. manages to wake up. I previously worked at New Scientist and… More Gizmodo, and I hold a PhD in engineering science from Oxford University. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Subscribe Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Recommended for You The Dark Secret at the Heart of AI We Need More Alternatives to Facebook Meet the Guys Who Sold “Neuralink” to Elon Musk without Even Realizing It FDA Opens Genetic Floodgates with 23andMe Decision Supercomputer Simulation Offers Peek at the Future of Quantum Computers More from Intelligent Machines Artificial intelligence and robots are transforming how we work and live. The Financial World Wants to Open AI’s Black Boxes Some of the most powerful machine-learning techniques work in mysterious ways, which is a problem if you need to explain a decision to customers. by Will Knight Emotional Chatting Machine Assesses Your Emotion and Copies It Chatbots have never been able to empathize. That looks set to change, thanks to a Chinese team that has built a chatbot capable of conveying specific emotions. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv A Top Poker-Playing Algorithm Is Cleaning Up in China China’s growing appetite for cutting-edge artificial-intelligence research is on display at a poker tournament. by Will Knight More from Intelligent Machines From Our Advertisers In partnership with Hewlett Packard Enterprise A Field Guide to Digital Transformation in partnership with SAP AI is the New Black In partnership with Google Cloud Machine Learning: The New Proving Ground for Competitive Advantage Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe to Insider Premium. Insider Premium {! insider.prices.premium !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Our award winning magazine, unlimited access to our story archive, special discounts to MIT Technology Review Events, and exclusive content. {! insider.buttons.premium.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience First Look. Exclusive early access to stories. Insider Conversations. Listen in as our editors talk to innovators from around the world. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| / You've read all of your free articles this month. This is your last free article this month. You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe now or log in for unlimited online access.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Original 'Cocaine Cowboy' is arrested after 26 YEARS on the run: Last of three notorious powerboat-racing playboy drug smugglers who brought $2BILLION of coke into America is caught in Florida  America's first-ever female Muslim judge, 65, is found dead in New York's Hudson River after her new reverend husband reported her missing 'I have never felt this violated in my entire life': WWE Diva Lana claims 'inappropriate' TSA agents groped her at Boston airport Melania Trump - An Apology Trump says relations with Russia are 'at an all-time low' - and warns Putin: The U.S. is very, very strong Tillerson meets Putin - and leaves without even a snapshot to show for it: Kremlin snubs U.S. as relations freeze North Korea is preparing to detonate a new nuclear bomb to mark 'Day of the Sun' as Kim Jong-un warns of a 'big event' TODAY and President Trump's armada moves in Russia BLOCKS U.N. Security Council resolution requiring Syria to cooperate with investigation into gasattack 'They are primitive and loutish': Putin lashes out at the US before meeting Tillerson in Russia and warns that relations between the two nations have soured since Trump took office Number of Google searches for 'World War 3' hits its highest ever level following Trump's military escalation in Syria and North Korea  Sarin gas WAS used in Syrian massacre that horrified the world, British scientists confirm following tests on the victims EXCLUSIVE: Beaming Janet Jackson emerges with baby Eissa for the first time amid claims she craved 'more freedom' during failed marriage to billionaire 'No one will believe me': Chilling first words of Josef Fritzl's daughter after she was held prisoner for 24 years by her evil father who raped her 3,000 times are revealed Cash me ousside girl is arrested for 'smoking marijuana' on the same day she appears in court to face several battery charges 'A lot longer than I expected to last': Survivalist Eric Frein was surprised that he was able to evade cops for 48 days after he 'murdered a state trooper in an ambush,' his journal reveals Outrage at Oklahoma Congressman who told voters they don't pay his salary and accused them of talking 'bullcrap'  Thirteen-year-old boy accidentally shoots himself dead as his friends watch him playing with a gun on Instagram Live 'I'm a goner!': Incredible reconstruction reveals the final hours of the El Faro crew as the cargo ship sailed into a hurricane Mexican cartel member who 'shot and killed a US border agent with an American government-issued gun he obtained through Operation Fast and Furious' is arrested Muslim, Latino and black student groups at Harvard are forced to apologize for putting up fake deportation warnings in dorms to frighten students Father 'kidnaps his two young daughters, aged 8 and 11, and shoots them dead' before being killed in police shootout 'You can be anti-abortion and pro choice': Tomi Lahren breaks down and claims she's NOT a hypocrite after being fired by Glen Beck 'I did not even have breasts': Haitian girl forced to have sex with nearly 50 UN workers as part of child sex ring involving at least 134 peacekeepers  'Darling, you need to get laid': Carly Simon's then-husband claims she forced him to go to a Chinatown brothel even as he was coming to terms with his own homosexuality  Previous Next Burger King rolls out new TV ad designed to hijack Android cell phones and voice-activated Google Home speakers (and it could drive you nuts) The new ad ends with a man asking 'OK Google - what is The Whopper burger?'  Compatible voice-activated devices will then reel off a description of the item Ad targets the Google Home smart speakers but it could trigger cell phones too  The response from Twitter users to the news has not been rapturous  Google was not involved in the creation of the ad By James Wilkinson For Dailymail.com Published: 13:49 EDT, 12 April 2017 | Updated: 17:42 EDT, 12 April 2017 e-mail 17 shares 22 View comments Google Home owners beware: Burger King is plotting to hijack your smart speakers with its latest advertising campaign. The 15-second TV ad ends with a Burger King employee asking: 'OK Google - what is The Whopper burger?' - a phrase designed to cause the device to reel off facts about the popular patty. Even those without device won't necessarily escape: Burger King president José Cil told Buzzfeed it 'could trigger' other devices too, including Android cell phones - leaving many on Twitter unimpressed.   Scroll down for video  Hijack: The new Burger King ad contains a special phrase that will cause Google Home smart speakers and compatible Android devices to spout out descriptions of the Whopper burger Both the Google Home speakers and those cell phones that have the Google app's voice-activated function active are constantly listening for the phrase 'OK Google'. That's a signal for the machine to treat whatever is said next as either a command - the speaker can be used to dim a home's lights, for example - or a search query. Once triggered by the new ad, the devices - which would include cell phones with voice-activated Google search apps - spout a description of the Whopper. Listening in: The Google Home speakers are activated when people say 'OK Google,' then a search term or command. The ad was not created in collaboration with Google 'According to Wikipedia, the Whopper is a hamburger, consisting of a flame grilled quarter-pound beef patty, sesame seed bun, mayonnaise, lettuce, tomato, pickles, ketchup, and sliced onion,' the devices say.  Cil said that the ad - which was not created in conjunction with Google - isn't intended to annoy. 'We saw it as a technology to essentially punch through that fourth wall,' he explained. It's 'a cool way to connect directly with our guests.' Nevertheless, Twitter users don't seem to find the prospect appetizing at all. 'This is a good idea definitely will end well,' griped Joshua Topolsky. 'If you have a device in your home constantly listening to you, you deserve to be spammed by every ad on TV,' said Amadi. Others were concerned about the ad possibly inspiring other brands to trigger voice-activated devices.  'I'll be getting rid of my @amazon Echo (and @Google home if I had one) if this is the trend in marketing,' Jason Cruz complained. The ad begins airing today, on networks including MTV, Comedy Central and Spike.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Number of Google searches for 'World War 3' at highest ever Prostitute who killed Google exec with heroin to be deported Share this article Share Burger King's new scheme marks the first time that the devices have been deliberately used in advertising. However, there were complaints from some Google Home users in March after the device appeared to start promoting Disney's live-action remake of its musical Beauty & the Beast. ALWAYS LISTENING  Google Home is continually listening for commands. Google says nothing gets passed back to them until the speakers hear the keywords 'Hey Google' or 'OK, Google'. A light comes on to remind you that it's listening.  The microphone can be temporarily turned off. Users of the My Day function, which reads out information about the weather, commute and daily reminders were annoyed to be told: 'By the way, Disney's live action Beauty and the Beast opens today.' Google said that it wasn't an ad, but a trial of a new function that highlights things that users might be interested in. The Burger King ad may well have been inspired by a poorly thought out promotion for the Google Home device that aired during the Super Bowl. That clip cut between various groups of people asking the device questions and giving it commands. But Google devices within listening distance of televisions immediately went haywire, to the amusement and consternation of users. Unimpressed: Twitter users were not pleased by the news of the new Burger King ad as it circulated online on Wednesday Read more: Burger King's New Ad Will Hijack Your Voice-Activated Speaker Share or comment on this article e-mail 17 shares Most watched News videos 'You have to drag me': David Dao just before United incident Man forcibly removed from plane because flight was overbooked Moment police officer overtakes cyclist on London road Doctor who was 'knocked out' on flight is bleeding from the face Knife wielding man is wrestled to the ground on London bus Tank restorers uncover £2million in gold inside Iraqi tank Shocking teens attack mum after stopping fight with her daughter Moment 12-year-old schoolgirl kicked to floor in gang attack Frantic driver runs after truck heading towards speeding traffic Second passenger's video of man being ripped off UA flight Brutal clashes at Britain's most dangerous junction EXCLUSIVE: Serial killer Steven Gordon reflects on murders North Korea prepares to test a new nuclear bomb to mark... Father, 27, is left fighting for his life after a giant... The laughing troops Kim Jong-Un thinks can take on... Cheating drink-drive husband, 23, crashed and died while... Self-righteous Hillary was 'so mad she couldn't think... Japan scrambles fighter jets to head off six Russian... 'I'm staying... you'll have to drag me': Passenger who... Incredible moment stunned military buffs discovered five... ‘We just can't win': Homeowners embroiled in parking wars... Poignant wedding photo shows bride at the grave of her... 'I'm an African, you never take my life!': Incredible... Devastated brother, 20, took revenge on four schoolgirls... 27 men and two women appear in court accused of child... KATIE HOPKINS: Apparently Ryan Giggs thinks he shouldn't... Tillerson meets Putin - and leaves without even a... America's first-ever female Muslim judge, 65, is found... Builder reveals how to break into your home with just a... 'He's ripped our family apart': Siblings of cheating... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 22 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Booty-ful and promising! Kim Kardashian wows in skintight gold dress at The Promise premiere  Looked gorgeous at the star-studded screening The morning after! Selena Gomez and The Weeknd go their separate ways after spending the night together at her LA home  They look inseperable  Magic Johnson's daughter Elisa flaunts her sexy bikini bod in skimpy swimsuit as she packs on the PDA with her beau Anthony in Miami Beach EXCLUSIVE: Beaming Janet Jackson emerges with baby Eissa for the first time amid claims she 'felt hidden' and craved 'more freedom' during failed marriage Taking the plunge! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts cleavage in VERY low cut black pantsuit at premiere of The Promise Star turned heads  It's not just beaches! From canyons to nature reserves, why Los Angeles has the best outdoor spaces  SPONSORED Three generations! Caitlyn Jenner enjoys family day out with son Brandon and granddaughter Eva Slipped into a stylish blouse for playtime  Date night! Jennifer Aniston dons cleavage-baring maxi dress as she enjoys dinner in Paris with husband Justin Theroux Romantic evening  Effortless beauty! Olivia Culpo is the classic girl-next-door while dressed in a simple T-shirt and jeans for day out in LA Any outfit looks fantastic His leading lady! Jolly Christian Bale shows off elegant wife Sibi as they wear black to The Promise premiere He is the movie's leading man Pregnant Whitney Port runs errands in sporty attire of yoga pants and lightweight jacket Reality star carried a drink in one hand and a bag in the other  Lisa Rinna, 53, and her model daughter Delilah Belle, 18, look more like sisters in bikini snap The handsome family are enjoying a vacation in Mexico  EXCLUSIVE: 'She's got that southern charm': Dorinda Medley opens up about her relationship with new RHONY cast member Tinsley Mortimer  Watch out there's a new Housewife in town! Socialite Tinsley Mortimer makes debut appearance on RHONY...but still misses Palm Beach Let me fix you! David Burtka adjusts husband Neil Patrick Harris' tie as the duo appear on the red carpet for Broadway play In And Of Itself Stylish appearance  Gigi Hadid shows off her enviable model figure in bedazzled grey crop top and matching trousers as she steps out in a sunny New York City Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc keep it casual as they rock jeans while helping their kids Charlotte and Aidan into a car for a family dinner out Host with the most! Westworld star Angela Sarafyan shows off her fabulous figure in sheer lace dress at The Promise premiere Jaw-dropping figure  Eddie Murphy's older brother Charlie dies at 57 after battle with leukemia Also a comic, he'd been having chemotherapy treatments in NYC  Carly Simon's ex-husband claims she forced him to go to a Chinatown brothel even as he was coming to terms with his own homosexuality   WWE diva Lana claims 'inappropriate' TSA agents harassed her at Boston's Logan Airport and hints that the POLICE are now involved Said she was 'violated' Date night! Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis are casually stylish as they pack on the PDA at off Broadway opening Pair looked loved up in the Big Apple James Corden's wife Julia Carey puts on a leggy display while hand-in-hand with her beau... as he confirms he is bringing The Late Late Show to the UK Olivia Culpo looks radiant in colorful floral blouse at Alice + Olivia event alongside attendees including Frieda Pinto and Leona Lewis Don't mess with the First Daughter! Tiffany Trump goes shopping in New York City flanked by Secret Service agents - and followed by THREE protective cars 'Don't bother zooming in': Nicki Minaj teases fans as she 'blurs' her sheer top in Instagram post Singer showed off her epic extensions  Real Housewives of Pennsylvania Avenue! Kim Richards reveals she once dated Donald Trump... but refuses to say if they slept together Doesn't kiss and tell  Lorde opens up about the inspiration behind her upcoming album Melodrama following rumours she'd split from long-term boyfriend James Lowe 'What's a Ponzi scheme?' Robert De Niro is Bernie Madoff in powerful Wizard Of Lies trailer... with Michelle Pfeiffer as his unwitting wife Ruth Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in leggings for lunch with gal pal Rosanna Arquette Had a bite to eat with her partner in crime  Tyga heads out in pricey Mercedes just hours after being detained by cops... as his music company skips paying $250k in lawsuit Always chic! Michelle Williams arrives in Los Angeles from Paris wearing striped coat and pink ballet shoes Returned from a star-studded bash Selfie-obsessed! Nicki Minaj cannot get her face out of her phone in new video for Major Lazer's Run Up She won't stop sharing snaps for anything  Belieber meltdown! Justin Bieber teases his fans by posting snaps from inside the studio recording new music He got his faithful supporters very excited  It must run in the family! Eva Mendes compliments niece Dani's 'killer bone structure' as she re-posts make-up tutorial 'I'm not ashamed': Survivor's Zeke Smith reveals he is transgender and explains why he kept it a secret from fellow competitors  Lisa Kudrow joins Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin to guest star on new season of Netflix series Grace and Frankie Ex-Friends star will play a manicurist  That's her beach baby! Kendra Wilkinson flashes physique in bathing suit as she cozies up to husband Hank Baskett during Hawaiian getaway Something short and sweet! Madison Beer shows off her perfect pins in tiny red hotpants as she steps out in LA Bared some skin in the California sun  Charlie Chaplin's granddaughter Kiera looks casual but chic at star-studded Norman screening The comic's relative stole the show  'What makes you YOU is that you are imperfectly perfect!': Iskra Lawrence shares sizzling poolside snap with inspiring message to her fans Catch of the day! Heidi Klum drops her bikini top to go fishing on luxury trip The 43-year-old AGT judge took boat on the Caribbean Sea Daddy-daughter time! Ashton Kutcher holds two-year-old daughter Wyatt's lunchbox as duo take sunny stroll together He's hands on father 'Hiking makes us thirsty!' Pink beams as she takes selfie while breastfeeding son Jameson Made sure she kept the youngster hydrated Sara Sampaio wows in a black romper with plunging neckline as she dines at celeb hot spot Spago in Beverly Hills Supermodel stood out from the crowd Oprah Winfrey believes her talk show was her 'greatest therapy' and says she's never seen a shrink Doesn't need professional counselling Cheeky! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, flashes the flesh in ripped shorts and flame themed crop top during spring break in Miami Still enjoying her trip Coachella makeover! Newly brunette Lady Gaga goes to cosmetic clinic three days before highly-anticipated headline gig Spotted in Beverly Hills  Script for a jester's tear! Comic Tig Notaro says she is 'extremely disappointed' in mentor Louis CK over 'plagiarised' SNL clown skit 'I've never had a bad break-up': Captain America star Chris Evans says he's still pals with his exes following recent split from Jenny Slate Miss Popular: Poll show Ivanka Trump has the highest approval ratings of any other White House staffer - but 36 per cent of voters still disapprove of her Fashionable flyers! Paris Hilton rocks leather leggings and matching beret as she and beau Chris Zylka return to LA after NYC visit 'The four of us are really in sync': Fifth Harmony's remaining members insist communication is better than ever after Camila Cabello's departure 'It's gonna be great!' Jimmy Fallon and Harry Styles hilariously try to outdo each other in promo for FIRST live coast-to-coast SNL Dynamic duo 'Heath in pigtails!' Ledger's family says daughter Matilda is a constant reminder of her late father as friends share tales of his life and sad final days Here comes trouble! Kelly Ripa lets her jacket do the talking as she heads to the gym in New York The star was perhaps in a mischievous mood   'It becomes like a feeding frenzy': Real Housewives Of New York Ramona Singer, 60, reveals why she stays off social media Some wise advice  Revealing Rita! Ora flaunts her ample cleavage and black lace bra beneath sheer tank as she shops in Beverly Hills Taking the plunge  'We don't schedule - yet!': Jenna Dewan talks sex with husband Channing Tatum and reveals plans for baby number two Spilling the beans Olivia Munn's ex Aaron Rodgers had been making 'drastic changes' including working out with Nick Jonas instead of team amid split Is that you Elle Woods? Reese Witherspoon channels Legally Blonde character as she steps out in hot pink blouse with matching heels Are we set for a sequel? Sylvester Stallone sues WB for 'fraud' and 'obviously intentional dishonesty' over its accounting for his 1993 film Demolition Man Legal battle  Hairy armpits don't make you feminist! AMANDA PLATELL questions the authenticity of Lourdes'  'shave slave' rebellion Certainly gets attention  Demi Lovato flashes the flesh in eccentric feathered frock with mesh paneling for music video shoot The 24-year-old looked strong and sexy 'High fats and no carbs': Vanessa Hudgens reveals her secret for losing 10lbs as she shapes up her sexy body Changed her diet 'It can be really scary': Stranger Things star Shannon Purser reveals distress she experienced coming to terms with her sexuality Hit Netflix show Second round pick! Vin Diesel was not the first choice to star in The Fast And The Furious... studio bosses wanted Justified's Timothy Olyphant 'This is why I'm still single': Charlize Theron details 'awkward' interactions with dating app suitors... as gal pal Chelsea Handler tried to set her up Brand it like Beckham: Victoria turns her daughter Harper into a trademark at just FIVE years old Mrs Beckham has also signed up her other kids Double duty! Josh Brolin cast as Cable in Deadpool 2... which will be his second Marvel franchise role The 49-year-old actor will star in the sequel  'This feels like an Emmy-winning episode': Julia Louis-Dreyfus shares video styled like Veep's credits trolling Sean Spicer for his Holocaust blunder Shabby chic! Kate Hudson enjoys relaxed day in ripped denim overalls with bib undone along with disposable flip-flops after mani-pedi at LA nail salon 'I was an emotional mess': Plus-size model Tess Holliday shares throwback snap breastfeeding, as she details 'dark' struggle 'to find way as new mom' Joe Scarborough talks about his 'crackling off-air chemistry' with Morning Joe co-host Mika Brzezinski MSNBC host  hinted at a possible romance  Gordon Ramsay's daughter Tilly once sat next to Jennifer Lopez on the plane... despite chef's claims he would NEVER let his children fly first class Bella Thorne reveals she'd love to date Kristen Stewart but finds flirting with women 'confusing'... as she channels Marilyn Monroe in sexy shoot EXCLUSIVE: Not just a vacation fling! Scott Eastwood steps out in New York City with the same brunette he flirted with on an Australian beach Flying high! Chrissy Teigen smiles away as she jets out of LA after revealing she is no longer suffering from postpartum depression Year since Luna's birth Bathing beauty Gigi Hadid wears striped swimsuit on the cover of Vogue Netherlands (and reveals she ate pancakes on the set) Tasty treat for model Don Draper would approve! Jon Hamm buys stylish new bachelor pad for $3.4million Renovated house in a gated area of Los Feliz.  Prince Charles' secret tension with newlyweds William and Kate: How the royal was 'irked' by the couple's 'tasteless' photo opportunities on their 2011 Canada tour Stephen Belafonte reports ex-girlfriend to LAPD after she attempts to cash in on Mel B's domestic abuse claims by threatening to claim he abused her too Match made in heaven: Jennifer Aniston goes for casual chic in camel coat as she coordinates with Justin Theroux on romantic Paris break Pair looking good Paramedics called after Matt Damon's daughter Stella, six, is stung by jellyfish during family vacation in Australia with Chris Hemsworth's clan 'I've NEVER had a boyfriend': Olympic gymnast Simone Biles, 20, reveals she has only ever been on 'ONE proper date' - but admits it could turn to romance Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman opens up about the importance of using a reliable tampon while competing, so she never has to worry about her period  Social media users PAN Louis Vuitton's new collaboration with Jeff Koons, branding the pricey fine art-themed handbags 'atrocious', 'terrible' and 'ugly' Victoria's Secret Angels frolic on beach while showing off their enviable physiques in lacy bras for sun-soaked festival-themed commercial 'I knew my assailant': Abigail Breslin breaks silence about her own sexual assault during awareness month Opened up about her own experience  How YOU can get Halle Berry's envious body: Actress's personal trainer Nat Bardonnet reveals how she maintains flawless physique at 50 years old  'It only took us one month to get pregnant': Heidi Montag reveals she and husband Spencer Pratt are expecting their first baby after 10 years Nothing but her Calvins! Hailey Baldwin goes TOPLESS as she models designer underwear for ELLE The 20-year-old stripped down for shoot The incredibly simple way to get bouncy, Duchess of Cambridge-style hair in SEVEN minutes (and you can do it before work)  Look like Kate! 'I'm proud that I'm normal': Rita Ora on reveals why she loves her thighs and womanly curves as she flaunts her athletic figure in new shoot It's Dumble-Law! Jude set to play a young Albus in Fanatastic Beasts And Where To Find Them sequel Role previously played by Michael Gambon  Shia LaBeouf moves to remote cabin in Finland to live alone for a month for art project... just a week after meltdown over French fries Getting off the grid 'I'm open to one more': Tori Spelling talks having a SIXTH child as the 43-year0old mom reveals baby Beau has made marriage to Dean 'feel like new' Sheer model madness: Gigi Hadid flashes her bra in a see-through top for gym run in New York City The 21-year-old model was working up a sweat 'I couldn't ask for a better person to be the mother of my children': Dakota Meyer shares photo of pregnant wife Bristol Palin at her final ultrasound before birth Karlie Kloss displays her supermodel shape in a plunging black swimsuit as she goes behind the lens to photograph new clothing collection Jodie Sweetin's security claim her 'ex-fiance Justin Hodak drove past her LA house TWICE violating the restraining order against him' 'We feel lucky': Savannah Guthrie insists she's excited at the prospect of  working work with Megyn Kelly and claims reports otherwise are fake news Will Megyn Kelly's first NBC interview be with Putin? Network chairman flies to Moscow to try to land coveted one-on-one with the Russian president  'I have the most feminine a**!' Michelle Rodriguez reveals the challenges of playing a MAN in controversial 'transgender thriller' The Assignment That's the Way Love Goes: Janet Jackson moves out of London townhouse she shared with estranged husband Wissam Al Mana as  marriage comes to end  A Wonder Woman indeed! Gorgeous Gal Gadot looks every inch the leading lady as she shows off some serious skin on the cover of W Magazine Rebel without a cause! Elle Fanning makes explicit fashion statement as she films I Think We're Alone Now She was on set in Westchester County, NY Mel B looks frustrated as she 'fails to get into a storage unit in LA'... after claiming that ex- nanny is extorting her over sex tapes kept in a storage unit 'I'm ready to date someone new': Singer Nelly Furtado reveals she has secretly SPLIT from husband Demacio Castellon and says she is looking for love Girls Just Want to Have Fun! Cyndi Lauper thrills fans in Australia as she performs with Blondie's Debbie Harry who makes a VERY bold statement on her T-shirt Newly-single Kylie Jenner rocks purple thigh-high boots for Shape X Stassie launch... after giving sister Kendall a shout-out Paris Jackson displays her nipple piercings in LA... amid 'fears' for her younger brother Blanket as he 'continues to live alone on family estate' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Jamie Dornan's wife Amelia Warner opts for folksy chic as they enjoy blissful day in the sun with daughters Dulcie and Phoebe Zip sync battle! Voluptuous Chrissy Teigen tries in vain to squeeze her stunning body into tight zip-up outfit Epic failure!  Kylie Jenner's ex Tyga 'is detained by cops after being pulled over by LAPD for having no plates on his $112,000 Mercedes' after night out in Hollywood Any second now! VERY pregnant Ciara rocks figure-hugging dress as she joins friend for lunch at Bel Air Hotel Reportedly due in early April - and she looks it Back to work! Bella Thorne exudes glamour in sexy red gown for new Freeform series Famous in Love The 19-year-old looked sophisticated Barry Manilow is seen for the first time since revealing secret marriage to manager Garry Kief Pair have been together for 39 years Hailey Baldwin flashes her enviably taut stomach in saucy nude semi-sheer bodysuit and matching crop top as she emerges in New York Peep show! Ashley Graham poses in her underwear in revealing selfie as she models crop top The model flaunted her body in skimpy panties  He's Schreded! Shirtless Liev Schreiber shows off his muscular frame while vacationing with his children in Maui The doting father does not have a dad bod  Precious cargo! Natalie Portman cradles baby daughter Amalia as she takes a gentle hike in LA The tot is her second child with husband Benjamin Millepied  'If I get hurt or beat in any way it's just fake': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson pokes fun at stunt work in The Fate Of The Furious   Revealing chat Family fun day: Rocker Rod Stewart and his wife Penny Lancaster hit the stores in Hollywood with sweet sons Alastair and Aiden He's 71, she's 46 David Letterman's mother Dorothy Mengering dies at the age of 95, just a day away from the funnyman's 70th birthday No More Drama! Mary J. Blige, 46, shows off age-defying physique in tight red jumpsuit as the legendary singer  performs in Melbourne, Australia Mila Kunis steps out in fitted jeans and slouchy top... after husband Ashton Kutcher thanked her for teaching him 'lessons in character' Casual look  Brooklyn Nine Nine extra sues the makers for $500,000 after the food truck 'refused to serve him because he was the only Asian on set'  Getting into the groove! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, puffs on a roll up cigarette while spending spring break in Miami with friends Enjoying her downtime Janet Jackson 'changed the locks to her New York home weeks before she split from husband Wissam Al Mana'... as he is seen visiting London property Pretty Little Liars star Ashley Benson goes casual chic as she's spotted out and about with a handsome mystery man for the second time Peace and love! Vanessa Hudgens nails boho chic in tiny crop top and seventies inspired denim jeans as she steps out in West Hollywood Frock star! Jennifer Garner vamps up her look with sexy little black dress and heels on solo outing Swapped her casual attire for a flirty number  'Getting Jaden ready!' Will Smith chops off son's dreadlocks on the Toronto set of their film Life in a Year The teenager didn't look happy She's an ace! Maria Sharapova is stylish in tie dye Capris and gray Pashmina shawl in Los Angeles The tennis pro is gearing up for her return  'A powerful moment': Lisa Rinna reveals bonding over tragedy with Lisa Vanderpump on RHOBH reunion Over a mutual friend's death Guitarist John Geils Jr. of The J. Geils band is found dead in his Massachusetts home at age 71 Had massive 1981 hit with Centerfold The over-50 bikini braggers: They love flaunting their age-defying bodies and turning us mere mortals green with envy. But what does it really take? 'It's not true, any of it': Sugar Bear denies Mama June's abuse allegations claiming she's 'just p***ed over his new marriage 'I never hurt anyone' Mystery man! Drew Barrymore steps out with male companion for casual lunch and fun stroll in New York City The actress, 42, was spotted in the Big Apple Stunning Jennifer Connelly beams while turning heads in panel dress and feathered cape as she struts into star-studded Louis Vuitton bash in Paris Jackie Kennedy Onassis, 62, wanted a date with Alec Baldwin when he was 33 - and she got it - her close friend James Hart reveals in his memoir Snooze and the city! Make-up free Sarah Jessica Parker wears pajamas and her hair in rollers as she gets to work on set of Divorce in New York City Get to the chopped salad! Terminator Arnold Schwarzenegger takes a military Hummer to meet his daughters for lunch in Venice Beach, California 'Doing what's best for our child': Naya Rivera says she and ex-Ryan Dorsey excel at co-parenting... after pool PDA with David Spade They still work together   Robin Thicke goes in for some daddy day care as he treats son Julian to trip out as he closes in on custodial agreement with Paula Patton When you got it! Olivia Culpo goes braless in plunging top as she steps out in ripped jeans Showed off her stunning figure as she stepped out for a stroll in LA  PICTURED: Cops interrogate man with drone after he's spotted lurking around outside Kendall Jenner's Hollywood home Security alert for star Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer puts on a leggy display in a tight denim dress as she cozies up to boyfriend Jack Gilinsky at fashion bash You ain't nothing but a hound dog: Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale rocks frayed cropped jeans as he picks up some treats for her dog Elvis' 'wild' birthday 'I suck!' Vin Diesel does interview Down Under and bursts out laughing as he attempts an Australian accent  Not a g'day for the Fast and Furious star  Lean girls! Amanda Seyfried steps out with husband Thomas Sadoski for first time without her bump after welcoming daughter Happy new mom 'Was he hacked?' Harry Styles leaves fans confused as he tweets snapshots of 1D bandmate Louis Tomlinson before promptly deleting them Little Mix's Jesy Nelson squeezes her chest into an ab-flashing skimpy sports bra as she prepares to take the stage with bandmates in New Orleans Joe Jonas shows off karate moves with Sophie Turner after Nicki Minaj jokes that she 'roughed him up' a bit Date in West Hollywood for singer Kelsey Grammer, 62, and his fourth wife Kayte take their baby boy Auden to lunch in Beverly Hills She gave birth just four months ago  Ellie Goulding puts on a very leggy display in tiny shorts and smock top before changing into killer heels to perform intimate gig in New York City  Quality time in the sky! Reese Witherspoon brings her daughter Ava on a magical sunset helicopter trip along the California coast Treated the teen 'The guest list is spectacular': Stevie Wonder, 67, set to wed third wife Tomeeka Bracy, 42, in star-studded beachside ceremony in Jamaica Braless Little Mix star Perrie Edwards flashes some serious sideboob in low-back body as she gyrates against a backing dancer for very sexy dance routine A spec-tacular sight! Jessica Alba dons oversized glasses as she drags suitcase through airport in LA Donned a pair of oversized spectacles  Simply irresistible! Christina Milian rocks tiniest of denim skirts with distressed jean jacket and mesh top at LA party Flashed her white bra  Hollywood wives club! Luciana Barroso and Elsa Pataky touch down in Brisbane ahead of reunion with husbands Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth Police raid storage locker in search for Mel B's 'sex tape' as former Spice Girl obtains a restraining order against nanny who she claims is extorting her  PICTURED: New mom Irina Shayk steps out for ice cream two weeks after welcoming daughter Lea de Seine with Bradley Cooper Model looked stylish Cat who got the cream? Sienna Miller radiates happiness at movie screening... a week after Brad Pitt 'flirting' rumors Actress looked radiant 'I definitely want to be a mother': Khloé Kardashian reveals hopes for marriage and babies with  Tristan Thompson... but doesn't want to 'pressure' him  Jennifer Lawrence 'heartbroken' over suicide of old friend and MTV reality star Clay Adler who 'brings her back to her humble beginnings' EXCLUSIVE - New mom Janet Jackson spotted for first time since splitting from husband Wissam Al Mana while shopping for fake plants and furniture  '2 slow 2 grumpy': Going In Style movie posters poke fun at Fast & Furious franchise They are set to go head to head at the box office this weekend Kids at heart! The Kardashians get sucked into the rides at a carnival in Cleveland as Khloe talks marriage and kids with boyfriend Tristan Thompson 'I felt like I was becoming hateful': Singer Sheryl Crow argues for empathy on her new album after 'losing faith in our country' Jennifer Aniston stuns in a plunging leather bustier as she cozies up to husband Justin Theroux at star-studded Louis Vuitton in Paris Bash held at Louvre She's a real beach babe! Britney Spears sizzles in tiny white bikini as she splashes around the surf in Hawaii In Kaui with her mom Mystery in Ivanka's eyes! First daughter is accused of using colored contacts after images reveal her eyes keep changing color, from brown to green 'She's struggling': Billie Lourd's uncle reveals she is 'acting like everything is fine on Instagram' since mother Carrie Fisher's death Is putting on a brave face I'm gonna get you sucka! Mr T offers to shave Mohawk off in return for 'getting the guy' who said he was 'booted' from Dancing With The Stars on GMA Meghan Markle spotted strolling to yoga appearing relaxed after it's revealed the actress's half-sister plans to write a tell-all book about her Yankee fans blast Martha Stewart for 'jinxing' pitcher's near-perfect game after she tweeted about it just three minutes before the streak was broken Cops called to Kendall Jenner's Hollywood home again... after security becomes suspicious of man with drone Troubling news  Summer lovin': Malia Obama heads to work on the hottest day of the year in New York City in a denim shirtdress paired with well-worn Chuck Taylors From a $12,000, century-old shack to a palatial family ranch: Fixer Upper's Joanna and Chip  show how they turned a crumbling cabin into a dream home He didn't die! Former Blue's Clues host Steve Burns confirms he IS alive despite years of rumors and explains why he vanished from screens 15 years ago Orlando Bloom discusses THAT naked paddle boarding moment as he insists he and ex-girlfriend Katy Perry are still 'friends' following their split Bunny fun! Megan Fox enjoys Easter egg hunt with husband Brian Austin Green and three sons A family day out with her little children  'It's a lot of work': Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin share ELLE covers with four other models as they reflect on fashion industry Sharing the spotlight  'I haven't had any complaints!' Dennis Quaid reveals he has had a threesome, discusses his manhood and admits to calling ex-wife Meg Ryan  Robert Kardashian knew OJ Simpson was guilty claims Caitlyn Jenner but joined defense team to get at Kris (whose best friend was Nicole Brown) Pamela Anderson puts on a VERY busty display as she flashes her black lace bra under floral wrap dress for sunset walk with photographer pal David LaChapelle  Lovely in leather! Make-up free Ashley Graham ditches the glamour for sleek biker jacket and comfy sweatpants Wearing all black  Taking things up a gear! Cara Delevingne flaunts her trim figure in hotpants and a crop top as she poses astride a motorbike in new Puma campaign Working it out! Diane Kruger shows off toned physique after grueling workout...as she steps out solo without new beau Norman Reedus Back from the gym 'Ziggy was a faithful and loving dog': Princess Mary's beloved Border Collie she received as a wedding gift dies after 12 years  with the Danish royals 'A new great love': Grey's Anatomy star Camilla Luddington and Matthew Alan welcome baby daughter Hayden Shared an adorable snap on Instagram  Baby on the way! Laguna Beach alum Talan Torriero announces he's expecting first child with wife Danielle Exciting news Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows off her incredibly ripped abs and buxom cleavage in sexy sports bra as she poses for behind-the-scenes tour snap Birthday girl Stephanie Pratt rings in her special day with adorable puppy Max... as she claims looking after her dog is like 'having a child' Reality star is besotted  Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves makes statement in snake-print blazer as he enjoys dinner in London... after heading to Harley Street to get more botox  Hot stuff! Jessica Origliasso and Ruby Rose share a romantic moment in lingerie while filming video for On Your Side... as their snap is hilariously photobombed  General Hospital star Peter Hansen passes away at age 95 The actor played lawyer Lee Baldwin on General Hospital since 1965 through to 2001 Kelly Rowland flashes her legs in floral frock as she promotes new book in NYC after getting VERY candid about her post-pregnancy body Looked stunning  Moving in with Taylor Lautner? Billie Lourd selling $2.3million Santa Monica home one year after buying it Has two bedrooms and three bathrooms  Nikki Bella says she  hopes WWE star fiancé John Cena will change mind about not wanting kids, but says she has decided to be 'OK' with not becoming a mom Gwyneth Paltrow raves about the health benefits of a CHLOROPHYLL shot on her lifestyle website Goop... but health experts label it a 'totally unnecessary fad' My how you've changed! Delta Goodrem looks unrecognisable in adorable childhood flashback photo with younger brother Trent Sibling love  Revealed: Connie Britton was network's top choice to play Kerry Washington's Olivia Pope before Scandal creator insisted on black actress Charlize Theron uses her 4in spiked heel in epic car fight scene in new Atomic Blonde trailer She plays MI6 Agent Lorraine Broughton 'I would be godfather if asked!' Simon Cowell says pal Cheryl is 'ecstatic' at becoming a mum. as he speaks out on having more children with  Lauren Silverman  'He's got five girlfriends so he's doing okay!' Simon Cowell reveals Eric, 3, has 'his charm with the ladies'... as he discusses having more children  Gigi Hadid plays the modern pin-up girl with big hair and busty Tommy Hilfiger shirt after posing for the brand's new denim line campaign 'I felt like a failure': Olympic ice skater Nancy Kerrigan breaks down over suffering six 'devastating' miscarriages in eight years Cate Blanchett shows off her style credentials in structured sleeveless jacket at Louis Vuitton event in Paris She often shows off her fashion credentials  Orange really is the new black! As Gigi Hadid and Selena Gomez step out in spring's hottest color, shop FEMAIL's edit of chic fashions in the bold hue Leggy beauty Miranda Kerr looks impossibly chic in a prim lace dress and smart leather coat at Louis Vuitton bash in Paris Dressing to impress  Michelle Williams cuts an elegant yet edgy figure in an unusual lacy dress for Louis Vuitton launch in Paris The actress, 36, stepped out in Paris  PICTURED: Tori Spelling spotted out and about in LA for the first time since delivering her FIFTH child Beau The 43-year-old's son Beau was born March 2 Vin Diesel teams up with Michelle Rodriguez to promote The Fate of the Furious in New York as his secret tribute to Paul Walker in the film is revealed 'Perfect shades of pink!' Makeup-free Modern Family star Sofia Vergara shows colorful cheeks after running a '102 fever' from filming in the rain in Rome From the Fast and the Furious to R&R: Jordana Brewster wears navy polka dot bikini for more beach fun with sons Actress, 36 in Hawaii  Louis Tomlinson will not be criminally charged for LAX airport brawl and will instead attend informal hearing Has been summoned by LA prosecutors  My angels! Drew Barrymore enjoys outing with her sparkly mini-me daughters Olive, 4,  and two-year-old Frankie in New York City Making memories Not just a realtor! Million Dollar Listing star Heather Altman reveals her husband Josh delivered their baby girl Little Alexis Kerry was born last week 'I remember always being hungry and afraid': Simone Biles cries while talking about being adopted by her grandparents following birth mom's drug abuse Take it from them! After the world's top ten beauty influencers are revealed, FEMAIL rounds up their most genius make-up tricks that YOU can try today 'This is a real riot': Orange Is The New Black season five teaser picks up on Daya Diaz's gun-wielding cliff-hanger Netflix has posted season 5's first minute David Letterman reveals how he spiraled into depression after his affair with a show assistant was publicly revealed in blackmail scandal Hillary Clinton, shoe salesman: Katy Perry shares photo of failed presidential candidate wearing $139 pumps the singer designed and named in her honor David Beckham is left dripping in sweat following an intense workout session at SoulCycle in LA Hunk in California with his family  Merciless Jimmy Kimmel mocks United Airlines' overbooking controversy with fake ad starring a flight attendant wearing brass knuckles  Friendly exes: Sienna Miller is spotted with former fiance Tom Sturridge in New York.... amid claims Brad Pitt was 'seriously flirting' with her Lea Seydoux flaunts her toned physique in an elegant trouser suit at Louis Vuitton dinner three months after 'giving birth to baby boy George' Copies of 1985 novel The Handmaid's Tale fly off shelves thanks to upcoming TV series - with more than 450 people on the New York Public Library's waitlist  Gerard Butler shows off his softer side with sweet co-star as he continues to film scenes for latest flick Keepers in Scotland Hunk in home country 'Time to get lei'd!' Kendra Wilkinson gets a little cheeky as she shares swimsuit snaps in Hawaii with husband Hank Baskett and their two kids WWE wrestler Nia Jax posts revealing swimsuit selfie, as she urges women to focus on health and happiness - not on their appearance Don't sweat it! Nick Viall leaves bash with fiancé Vanessa Grimaldi...right after accidentally overexposing her during DWTS performance 'Fake abs for $11.81!': Ludacris mocks himself for CGI muscles with link to body prop after fans roast new music video Rapper fired back at his critics on social media  The Melania effect! Experts reveal how Europe's royals are ditching their frumpy formal styles for VERY glamorous new looks inspired by First Lady 'So much better than I ever imagined!' Katherine Heigl gushes about her diverse family now she's a mother of three Posted snaps online From Tyra Banks' LILAC lips to Kristen Stewart's metallic pink lids, we show you how to wear pastel makeup without looking like an Easter egg     DON'T MISS 'Twinning with my mommy!' Real Housewives Of New Jersey's Ashlee Holmes wears matching outfits with 7-month-old son Former troubled teen Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana returns to the home they once shared to deliver toys for their son following shock split Her two loves! Famke Janssen enjoys bike ride with boyfriend Cole Frates and her beloved 16-year-old pooch Licorice Fun trip out for trio Don't be a Coachella cliché! FEMAIL recreates looks that cool girls Zoë Kravitz, Kendall Jenner and Taylor Swift wear to  music festival so YOU can hit desert in style Harry Styles shows off his effortlessly cool style as he arrives in New York ahead of debut solo performance on Saturday Night Live Just released a single Model Lily-Rose Depp munches on McNuggets as she makes a fast food pit stop after touching down in Paris Johnny's daughter stopped at McDonald's  'There's nothing sexier than life experience': Connie Britton, 50, talks aging in Hollywood as she flaunts her legs on cover of Good Housekeeping 'I lived a double life': Hollywood manager who stole $7M from celebrity clients including Alanis Morissette to feed his gambling habit pens groveling apology letter It's Britney, beach! Spears flaunts her enviable taut stomach in sizzling bandage bikini alongside mother Lynne in sun-soaked break to Hawaii Michelle Williams looks effortlessly chic as she cozies up in a tan coat for a spring break in Paris after filming new movie in New York City Paris Jackson 'fears' for younger brother Blanket, 15, as he 'lives alone on family estate in Calabasas without his legal guardians Katherine and TJ' Sales of Ivanka Trump's clothing lines soared last year as her father's presidential campaign raised her profile and in spite of boycotts by opponents  'Finding a sense of self not just in front of the camera!' Emma Roberts reveals what's next after almost two decades of acting as she stars in style shoot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Harper Beckham, 5, proves saddles up for an afternoon at the stables in LA... with parents David and Victoria proudly watching on British DJ Paul Oakenfold plays to a crowd of climbers on MOUNT EVEREST as he hosts the 'highest party on earth'  Trekked for ten days  Fun day at the office: Paula Patton giggles between takes on set while filming Somewhere Between with co-star Devon Sawa 'I'm representing the four-pack': Ludacris jokes about being 'the smallest guy on set' compared to burly F8 co-stars Dwayne Johnson and Vin Diesel 'Good top to bottom': Nick Viall overexposes fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi as skirt rises up during lift on DWTS Showed off more than expected  'Your vajayjay won't look the same for a long time': Kelly Rowland candidly details how pregnancy and the birth of her son Titus affected her body 'She had a similar shape to mine': Tracee Ellis Ross credits Jennifer Lopez for improving her self image after years of 'idolizing skinny models' Muslim comic from Daily Show known for mocking Donald Trump will headline White House Correspondents' Dinner being boycotted by the president 'Can't wait to marry you!': Julianne Hough gushes about fiancé Brooks Laich as she shares Instagram snap of hockey hunk Not long until big day I Got You! Cher causes a commotion at a celebrity hot spot Craig's with restaurant workers forming a human wall to keep the diva safe Kate Beckinsale, 43, shows off age-defying physique in sizzling selfie as bikini-clad daughter Lily, 18, proves good looks run in the family in beach snap Not so thrifty after all! Kate has spent $70,000 on new clothes and accessories since start of 2017 (putting her on course for her most expensive year yet) A league of their own: Melania Trump takes Barron and Tiffany to upscale bowling alley in New York City Took the two youngest Trump children out A man of many talents! Tom Cruise films thrilling action sequences on motorcycle and in a helicopter on the Paris set of M:I6 - Mission Impossible No time to make lunch? Pippa Middleton is spotted carrying goods from a pricey London eatery as the wedding countdown officially begins  Pink to make 'em wink! Glamorous Pamela Anderson shows off her cleavage in a pastel pencil dress as she sips fizz from her balcony in Venice 'I'm absolutely open to it': Big Little Lies author Liane Moriarty confirms she wants to write season two Show's stars include Nicole Kidman 50 Cent 'punches' female fan in chest after she grabs his arm and pulls him off stage during his concert in Baltimore An aggressive fan  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham looks unusually casual as she and husband David wear matching black workout gear during family day out in Los Angeles Gordon Ramsay's father-in-law and two brothers-in-law face prison after admitting they hacked chef's computer to dig for dirt in ugly family feud 'I love you with all my heart': Hugh Jackman celebrates 21st wedding anniversary with a heartwarming tribute to wife Deborra-Lee Furness John Legend's adorable daughter Luna rocks initialled espadrilles as they head to photoshoot just days before her first birthday Fashion's in the family 'He probably saved my life': Jimmy Buffett praises paramedic fan who came to his aid during horrific stage fall in 2011 and invites him 'to share a margarita' From countess to queen of the one-bedroom: Real Housewives' star Luann D'Agostino shows off her new $1.5million Manhattan home Pleased to meet you, Ma'am! Prince Philip chuckles as Queen Elizabeth gets a VERY friendly greeting from an Asian elephant during a visit to zoo Hang loose! Barack and Michelle Obama enjoy South Pacific escape by swimming and paddleboarding On the island of Mo'orea in French Polynesia 'It's not going to happen... I get yelled at all the time!' Lisa Kudrow puts final nail in Friends movie coffin... as she talks about creepy celebrity guest star PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Newly single Tyga cavorts with bikini babes on music video set after split with Kylie Jenner Didn't waste any time  'I don't have a problem!' Scheana Shay accuses Katie Maloney of alcohol issues on Vanderpump Rules Reunion Feisty showdown Bill Cosby's award-winning 'Little Bill' children book series faces library boycott as parents respond angrily to sexual assault allegations Belly prancer! Ariel Winter flashes her stomach yet again in skimpy crop top as she stretches legs in LA The busty beauty seemed in high spirits  Mel B's ex Stephen Belafonte 'demands regular contact' with Eddie Murphy's daughter Angel... as bitter custody battle over biological child 'So many scars': Mama June accuses ex Sugar Bear of emotional and physical abuse... as her daughter Anna moves in with him after marriage split Style in The City: Olivia Palermo shows off her flair for fashion in a fishtail skirt and bejewelled sneakers as she runs errands in Brooklyn Rocker Anthony Kiedis, 54, looks loved-up with young mystery brunette as they share sweet embrace during romantic getaway to Venice 'Thank God, my son is well': Michael Bublé's wife Luisana Lopilato breaks silence as son Noah, three, recovers from successful liver cancer treatment Rod Stewart wants to build a 65ft swimming pool at his $6m mansion so that his 11-year-old son Alastair can become an Olympic champion Madonna dresses twins Esther and Stella in matching tracksuits and records them singing Shabbat Shalom Adopted them two months ago  'Yay for me!': Alicia Keys rejoices after stealing Texas singer Stephanie Rice from Gwen Stefani on The Voice Jubilant steal  Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner celebrate beginning of Passover with adorable family photo With Arabella, Joseph, and Theodore Kelly Clarkson laughs about hitting the wrong note while recording her eighth studio album Pop powerhouse's 's three-octave soprano pipes failed her 'The most disappointed I've felt in myself': Southern Charm's Kathryn Dennis talks about her stint in rehab after failed drug test Finally opening up  'Goodbye Girls!' Lena Dunham pays tribute to Jemima Kirke and Zosia Mamet after revealing they won't appear in series finale Over and out  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp turns director as he toys with camera before puffing a cigarette while playing cop in LAbyrinth Clean-shaven look  Youthful Elizabeth Hurley, 51, sets pulses racing in a plunging turquoise bikini as she shares ANOTHER saucy snap from her Seychelles getaway Prince Charles looks in good spirits as he tours a Cumbrian market town recovering after it was submerged in floodwater when river burst its banks  So happy! Rob Kardashian posts rare selfie as former recluse gushes over five month 'birthday' of daughter Dream Stared into the camera 'I'm calling you a nasty person': Erika and PK attack one another at RHOBH reunion... as row about her lack of underwear continues  She's bored of the chat 'We are over-the-moon!' Home & Family host Mark Steines and children's author wife Julie expecting first baby together this summer 'Let me out of this basement': Katy Perry jokes about Ryan Phillippe's dating denial via Twitter The Roar singer proved her sense of humor 'It changed my life': Bill Nighy reveals he will always be 'grateful' for his role in Love Actually as it influenced him both 'professionally and personally' Wet hair, don't care! Jennifer Garner looks carefree and casual as she steps out with lookalike daughter Seraphina Relaxed and happy Lunch date! Dakota Johnson enjoys a bite at healthy restaurant in mom jeans with handsome mystery man How To Be Single actress Antonio Banderas and his girlfriend hang out in Malaga... as it's revealed he quit smoking after heart attack Spanish heartthrob is 19 years older Watch out Gigi! Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin, 18, signs with IMG Models The Halstrom Academy senior will strut down the runways Phil Collins' ex-wife Orianne Cevey settles divorce from Charles Fouad Mejjati... after reconciling with the singer eight years on from £25m split Leggy Karlie Kloss wears denim mini skirt and embroidered bomber jacket to check out her new fashion collection in NYC store  Natural beauty Lord of the rings! Jason Statham, 49, shows off his RIPPED physique as he reveals he's achieved his buff body through gymnastic training 'This isn't something to rush into': JoJo Fletcher reveals she and Jordan Rodgers are not in any hurry to get married Revealed she is not in any rush  Jess look at her! Biel looks naturally stunning as she leaves her restaurant wearing white lace blouse and matching blazer  Glamour girl Doing a (wave) runner! Bikini-clad Teresa Giudice enjoys a paradise break in Puerto Rico without husband Joe who is still serving time for fraud Ed Sheeran settles $20M lawsuit over hit song Photograph following claims he 'copied and exploited' X Factor UK winner Matt Cardle track Amazing  Shop till you drop! Gigi Hadid and mother Yolanda look stylish as they hit the stores in New York City  Went into a branch of the Blick Art Materials store Is this their babymoon? Tom Ackerley kicks back in tropical paradise amid rumors wife Margot Robbie is 'expecting her first child' Taking it easy  Playing by the rules! Lily-Rose Depp smirks as she dutifully removes her chic boots for TSA screening Dressed comfortably at LAX with her boyfriend Comrades in arms! North West and and little brother Saint make a run for the backyard in sweet snap posted by Kim Kardashian on National Siblings Day Snow White and the pop pixie! Kristen Stewart looks just like Justin Bieber after channeling singer's beach style Unusual styling  Blake Lively thought her doctor was 'going to drop our baby' after husband Ryan Reynolds played Marvin Gaye's Let's Get It On during her labor Sponsored by Chanel! Bella Hadid keeps designer tote front and center as she jets off to Dubai for Dior gig Left her Manhattan apartment He has a Need for Speed! Aaron Paul soaks up the Californian sun as he takes his 1965 Shelby Cobra out for a spin in LA Highly sought-after car  'There's some jealousy!' Kylie Jenner sparks envy in the Kardashian family as new solo reality show is confirmed Next generation Out of this world! Zoe Saldana commands attention in semi-sheer red dress as she attends Tokyo launch of Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 Sparkling like a diamond! DWTS judge Julianne Hough exudes glamour in glittering gown while showing off her toned pins in high slit on red carpet Maternal instincts! Charlotte McKinney shows motherly side carrying friend's baby after lunching Out with friends in West Hollywood, California Jaime King cuts an effortlessly chic figure in cropped jeans and fur-lined loafers as she steps out on a coffee run Proving that less is more Back to the routine! Busy Philipps steps out for lunch with husband Marc Silverstein after claiming Uber driver tried to kill her She's walking, instead... 'I'm grateful to have you!' Chris Pratt shares a sweet kiss with Anna Faris at the Guardians Of The Galaxy: Vol. 2 premiere in Tokyo Paid tribute to his wife Rock icon Chrissie Hynde puts on an energetic show as she returns to the stage in London... after revealing she is lives as a 'recluse' Halle Berry posts rare photo of three-year-old son Maceo as he gazes thoughtfully at the sea The Oscar winning actress posted the pic to Instagram Flirt in a shirt! Gavin Rossdale's model daughter Daisy Lowe ties blouse to show off her midriff after boasting about newly found body confidence Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, slips into a skimpy black bikini as she flaunts her unshaven armpits while relaxing in the sun with her rumored beau Ricky Whittle is hand in hand with glamorous girlfriend Kirstina Colonna as he dines out in West Hollywood after promoting new show American Gods 'Since when is murder fashion forward?' Chloe Lattanzi slams Kourtney Kardashian for flaunting a big fur coat on her Snapchat Lashing out Working (it) Girl! Melanie Griffith, 59, shows off her svelte figure in a tight top and skinny jeans for some retail therapy Out and about  Legs for days! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in a flirty blue mini dress after revealing she has undergone gender reassignment surgery Went on her coffee run  Roll up! Johnny Depp puffs on a homemade ciggie as he resumes filming on LAbyrinth in Downtown Los Angeles Portrays real life LAPD detective Russell Poole 'Meth-od actor! Breaking Bad star Giancarlo Esposito wears full Gus Fring getup as he shows his face at Los Pollo Hermanos pop up store  Spec-tacular blunder! Interviewer smacks Nicole Richie's sunglasses from her face trying to give high five Failed five  'Men are jealous of me!' Nick Cannon jokes about rumors he caused Mariah Carey's split from Bryan Tanaka Mariah's ex-husband issued modest reply Flower power! AnnaLynne McCord steps out in floral-print trousers for film screening and panel on modern day slavery Human rights advocate  Red Alert! Hilary Duff stands out in scarlet and pink jacket while filming TV series Younger in NYC Shot scenes with Molly Bernard for season four Her mini-me! Denise Richards opts for casual T-shirt and jeans to hit the grocery store in Malibu with look-a-like daughter Lola Looked refreshed 'I am so thrilled for this next chapter': Mariah Carey announces new album to be released later this year...after 'split' with Bryan Tanaka Eagerly anticipated  'Mommy daughter movie date':  Pink shares selfie with adorable Willow, five, as they head to screening of Beauty And The Beast Shared a big grin  'They are both extremely thrilled!' Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk name newborn daughter Lea de Seine Shayk Cooper Proud new parents Caitlyn Jenner reveals she underwent gender reassignment surgery in January because she was 'tired of tucking the damn thing in all the time' Kristen Stewart flashes her stomach (and a peek of underboob) in crop top while out and about in New Orleans with girlfriend Stella Maxwell Ragnarok hard! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE biceps deservedly land a starring role in the sexy new poster for Thor sequel Massive sweaty biceps  Any regrets? Tyga indulges in retail therapy as 'ex' Kylie Jenner gets lucrative deal for solo reality series One week after he split from her  'Feeling better than I've ever felt': Demi Lovato encourages fans to practice 'self love' in Instagram post after overcoming body image issues EJ Johnson flashes skin in mesh dress and thigh-high boots as he dines with Rich Kids co-star Dorothy Wang He showed off another daring outfit  'I got enough pigs chasing me in NY': Bethenny Frankel stuns in blue bikini as she visits famous bay of swimming sows in Bahamas 'She does so much': Jenna Fischer surprises little sister with home renovation in My Houzz series video A renovation of her St. Louis home Showing the love! Katie Holmes posts throwback snaps of her brother and three sisters on National Siblings Day Nostalgic picture  Jordana Brewster showcases her stunning figure in olive green string bikini on vacation in Hawaii Lethal Weapon star showed off  her physique Twinning! Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth spotted in near matching outfits as Hollywood actor brings his family to visit the Thor star Down Under PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, gives a glimpse of new 'W' tattoo as she hits Miami with mom's rumored ex Ingrid Casares 'Fifth element flow!' Katy Perry looks dramatically different as she chops off the rest of her hair Been experimenting with her locks lately  Snowflake kisses! Olivia Holt and her boyfriend share some sweet PDA as they hit the slopes in Tahoe Could not have been cuter EXCLUSIVE: 'Bye Bye Boobs!' Real Housewives of Orange County star Kelly Dodd has breast reduction surgery, downsizing her '32 G's'  'Three generations of bada**women': Ruby Rose shares flashback image of her younger self with lookalike mother and grandmother Time to ditch the jacket! Mama June hides her slimmed down figure away after losing 300lbs The 37-year-old reality star was in NYC Extra who starred in Kendall Jenner's Pepsi ad speaks out to claim most actors who feature in the ad are NOT from the US so 'didn't know anything' was wrong Harry Styles was 'in the running to play Han Solo in Star Wars spin-off... but bosses decided he'd be impossible to lock down due to his music career' 'It happened with age': Jenna Bush Hager reveals her grandma Barbara Bush only has EIGHT toes - four on each foot - but insists 'they look cute'  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lady Kitty cuts a stripy fine figure: Diana's niece shows off her slender frame as she post picture of herself  Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves steps out as he spends THREE hours getting botox and fillers... after having fat removed from his body and injected into his butt Singer Iggy Azalea claims she lost a whopping 15lbs in a week by TWERKING. Is that possible? Is it HEALTHY? A doctor explains...  Can't afford to pay $5,000 for a dress? Victoria unveils her not-so-Posh range: Pieces costing up to $75 for budget US retailer sell out in hours Is Simon Cowell's son the most eligible toddler in town? A $12,400 birthday party. Tables at top LA restaurants. And tiger mums desperate to engineer a play date... Young love! Willow Smith and 'boyfriend' Tyler Cole walk arm in arm in the LA sunshine There have been rumors she's dating her musical collaborator  'Lost at sea!' Lindsay Lohan strips off to  strike a saucy pose in her bed on a luxury yacht Mean Girls star posted an Instagram shot  Something to tell us? Sienna Miller steps out with a little smile on her face amid claims Brad Pitt was 'seriously flirting' with her at event in LA last week Not so anarchic now! Charlie Hunnam smartens up in a buttoned shirt for lunch in Hollywood with his love Morgana McNelis Couple for 12 years Red Hot Chili Peppers' Anthony Kiedis packs on the PDA with mystery brunette as they enjoy romantic getaway in Venice  Rocker has a son, 8 EXCLUSIVE: My mother's 'hatred' for her sister Meghan Markle. Prince Harry's girlfriend's family hit by new split  Nightmare for Suits star Mel B puts on brave face as she visits her lawyers after breaking month-long social media silence... having gained restraining order against husband Curvy model shares close-up of herself grabbing her butt and thighs to prove that her cellulite is 'natural' - as she admits she used to think it was 'shameful' 'Feeling it!' Reese Witherspoon works on her svelte figure as she tackles yoga and jogging on the same day Right back to work after the Big LIttle Lies finale  'White trash!' Jax Taylor has trouble adjusting to farm life in Vanderpump Rules spin-off with Brittany Cartwright Tensions flare in show Political chatter and fierce debate about Donald Trump helps 'The View' beat the 'The Talk' in ratings for the first time in two years Fierce rival shows 'People have to start respecting the vagina': Emily Ratajkowski and Janelle Monae talk feminism, race, and Trump as they each land cover of Marie Claire  Elle Fanning faces a furious backlash over the decision to cast her, and not a transgender actor, as a trans boy in controversial new film 3 Generations Life With Kylie! Jenner lands her own reality show as she branches out alone from the Kardashians She's grown up in front of the cameras George and Charlotte's starring moment! Pippa confirms that the young royals WILL be page boy and bridesmaid on her big day (but there's no official role for Kate) 'You can't have that much handsome in one place!' Royal watchers go wild as William and Harry pose with Justin Trudeau (and French dub them 'Le trio sexy') Today's headlines Most Read Original 'Cocaine Cowboy' is arrested after 26 YEARS on the run: Last of three notorious powerboat-racing,... America's first-ever female Muslim judge, 65, is found dead in New York's Hudson River after her new... 'I have never felt this violated in my entire life': WWE Diva Lana claims 'inappropriate' TSA agents groped... Melania Trump - An Apology Trump says relations with Russia are 'at an all-time low' - then warns Vladimir Putin: The U.S. is very,... Tillerson meets Putin - and leaves without even a snapshot to show for it: Kremlin snubs U.S. as relations... North Korea 'is preparing to detonate a nuclear bomb it has placed in a tunnel' as Trump's armada moves in... Russia BLOCKS U.N. Security Council resolution requiring Syria to cooperate with investigation into... 'They are primitive and loutish': Putin lashes out at the US before meeting Tillerson in Russia and warns... Number of Google searches for 'World War 3' hits its highest ever level following Trump's military... Sarin gas WAS used in Syrian massacre that horrified the world, British scientists confirm following tests... EXCLUSIVE: Beaming Janet Jackson emerges with baby Eissa for the first time amid claims she 'felt hidden'... ‘No one will believe me’: Chilling first words of Josef Fritzl’s daughter who was held prisoner for 24 years... 'Cash me ousside' girl is arrested for 'smoking marijuana' on the same day she appears in court to face... 'A lot longer than I expected to last': Survivalist Eric Frein was surprised that he was able to evade cops... Outrage at Oklahoma Congressman who told voters they don’t pay his salary and accused them of talking... Thirteen-year-old boy accidentally shoots and kills himself as his friends watch him play with a gun on... 'I'm a goner!': Incredible reconstruction reveals the final hours of the El Faro crew as the cargo ship... Mexican cartel member who 'shot and killed a US border agent with an American government-issued gun he... Muslim, Latino and black student groups at Harvard are forced to apologize for putting up fake deportation... Dad kidnaps his kids, aged eight and 11, 'murders them in his Land Rover' before being shot dead in police... 'You can be anti-abortion and pro choice': Conservative firebrand Tomi Lahren breaks down and claims she's... 'I did not even have breasts': Haitian girl forced to have sex with nearly 50 UN workers as part of child... 'Darling, you need to get laid': Carly Simon's then-husband claims she forced him to go to a Chinatown... Monroe owed $1,000 when she died: Actress's personal chequebook reveals she was overdrawn as it goes up for... Could PIG ORGANS save human lives amid lack of donors? World's largest pork supplier sets up bioscience unit... United passenger starts legal action against the airline: Doctor asks judge to preserve all video evidence... 'I'm staying... you'll have to drag me': Passenger who was bloodied and hauled from an overbooked United... United Airlines refunds EVERY passenger who was on board the overbooked flight when the doctor was dragged... MORE HEADLINES Self-righteous Hillary was 'so mad she couldn't think straight' and Bill gave aides an 'a** chewing': Inside her doomed campaign's bickering and denial as she careened to defeat North Korea 'is preparing to detonate a nuclear bomb it has placed in a tunnel' as Trump's armada moves in and Kim Jong-un warns of 'big event' TODAY  'I'm staying... you'll have to drag me': Passenger who was bloodied and hauled from an overbooked United flight seen refusing to obey police orders in new video from the plane The laughing troops Kim Jong-Un thinks can take on America: Candid photographs reveal care-free North Korean soldiers as country edges towards war with US America's first-ever female Muslim judge, 65, is found dead in New York's Hudson River after her new reverend husband reported her missing Japan scrambles fighter jets to head off six Russian bombers flying towards its air space amid rising tensions in the region following Trump's war of words with North Korea  Married pastor with 10 children who called gays 'sinners' after Orlando shooting is convicted of making 15-year-old boy and girl have sex in front of him before joining in Shocking video shows the moment a gang of teenage girls viciously beat a mother who tried to stop them fighting her daughter  Tillerson meets Putin - and leaves without even a snapshot to show for it: Kremlin snubs U.S. as relations freeze ‘No one will believe me’: Chilling first words of Josef Fritzl’s daughter who was held prisoner for 24 years by her evil father who raped her 3,000 times US basketball player gets the shock of his life when he comes across the 'Ku Klux Klan' in Spain... hold on, wait a minute Baby on board! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc keep it casual as they rock jeans while helping their kids Charlotte and Aidan into a car for a family dinner out Dad kidnaps his kids, aged eight and 11, 'murders them in his Land Rover' before being shot dead in police shootout Truck driver, 20, had taken pills and had marijuana on him when he swerved into the wrong lane and killed 13 elderly people coming home from a church retreat  Three-day-old baby girl 'abducted' by her 15-year-old mother and 14-year-old father found 'safe and well - after parents spent 17 hours on the run 'I have a scar on my toe where he dug a drill into it': Girl, 19, details horrific hours-long assaults 'by her foster father who tortured and sexually abused her by stripping her naked and pouring hot wax on her chest' 'They are primitive and loutish': Putin lashes out at the US before meeting Tillerson in Russia and warns that relations between the two nations have soured since Trump took office Navy SEAL team responsible for killing Osama bin Laden 'is training alongside troops in South Korea preparing to "incapacitate" Kim Jong-un  Incredible moment stunned military buffs discovered five gold bars worth £2million hidden inside an Iraqi tank bought for £30,000 on eBay  United Airlines refunds EVERY passenger who was on board the overbooked flight when the doctor was dragged off  United passenger starts legal action against the airline: Doctor asks judge to preserve all video evidence of him being dragged off as two MORE cops are suspended Cheating drink-drive husband, 23, crashed and died while driving 'like The Stig' at 101mph as he took his secret lover home after a date Original 'Cocaine Cowboy' is arrested after 26 YEARS on the run: Last of three notorious powerboat-racing, mansion-owning playboy drug smugglers who brought $2BILLION of coke into America is arrested in Florida  27 men and two women appear in court accused of child trafficking, rape and sex abuse against 18 girls as young as 11 over seven years  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
TV Opinion Weird Trump Sports Entertainment Food Newsletter Search Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook Menu Trump Flip-Flops on China: 'They're Not Currency Manipulators' 'You're Not Black!': Stephen A. Smith and Will Cain Clash Over Race in Heated Tony Romo Debate Paul Manafort Registering with US Government as Foreign Agent WATCH: This Cat's Adventures at a Marlins Game Absolutely Delighted the Crowd Watchdog Claims They Have Evidence Bannon Was Illegally Paid as Trump’s Campaign Chair VIDEO ‘OK, Google’: Burger King’s New Ad Will Trigger Your Google Devices by Dana Eisenberg | 1:31 pm, April 12th, 2017   Burger King’s newest ad is only 15 seconds, which is not a long time. So, they’ve decided to have your Google Home, or other Google device do most of the work and advertise for them. The ad features a guy in a Burger King uniform who explains, “You’re watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich. But I got an idea. Ok, Google: What is the Whopper burger?” If it works, your Google device should be triggered and begin to read the Whopper’s Wikipedia page. It’s a cool and funny idea, but it absolutely presents a few problems. First, this can be extremely irritating if you watch a lot of TV and your Google Home is constantly telling you what a Whopper is. Second, as The Verge points out, anyone can edit Wikipedia. So, they conducted an experiment, and changed the copy on the Whopper’s Wikipedia page, and the Google Home read it. When Business Insider tested it out, they experienced the same thing. Someone had edited the page to have it say, the burger is made of a “medium-sized child,” and that it contains cyanide. And, they say, people won’t stop editing the page. So far, it’s unclear whether there’s a plan to fix or lock in the first sentence, but if they’re unable to, we’re in for a pretty funny, and probably annoying campaign from the fast food chain. [image via screengrab] Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com Follow Mediaite Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook filed under Advertising, Burger King, food, Google Home Around the Web Sign up for the Mediaite newsletter What's Popular Joe Scarborough: The Word I Heard Was That Steve Bannon ‘Just Snapped’ NY Mag: Tonight Might Have Been Bill O’Reilly’s Last Show; Fox News Denies ‘Stupidest Press Secretary in History’: Twitter is Outraged Over Spicer’s Hitler Gaffe Sean Spicer Apologizes For Holocaust Gaffe, Then Says Trump is Trying to ‘Destabilize The Region’ Sean Spicer Says Hitler ‘Didn’t Even Sink to Using Chemical Weapons,’ Mentions ‘Holocaust Centers’ Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here. « Previous Post Next Post » © 2017 Mediaite, LLC | About Us | Advertise | Newsletter | Jobs | Privacy | User Agreement | Disclaimer | Contact | Archives | RSS Dan Abrams, Founder Mediaite The Mary Sue RunwayRiot LawNewz Gossip Cop
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter football live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Champions League Bayern Munich v Real Madrid: Champions League quarter-final first leg – as it happened Vidal gives Bayern lead but misses two sitters Real Madrid roar back with two second-half Ronaldo goals Match report: Bayern Munich 1-2 Real Madrid Updated Real Madrid’s Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates scoring the equaliser. Photograph: Lluis Gene/AFP/Getty Images Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Barry Glendenning @bglendenning Wednesday 12 April 2017 16.42 EDT First published on Wednesday 12 April 2017 13.36 EDT Key events Show 3.52pm EDT 15:52 GOAL! Bayern Munich 1-1 Real Madrid (Ronaldo 47) 4.22pm EDT 16:22 GOAL! Bayern Munich 1-2 Real Madrid (Ronaldo 77) 4.42pm EDT 16:42 Full time: Bayern Munich 1-2 Real Madrid 4.07pm EDT 16:07 Red card! Javi Martinez is sent off 3.51pm EDT 15:51 Second half: Bayern Munich 1-0 Real Madrid 3.31pm EDT 15:31 PENALTY FOR BAYERN MUNICH! 3.46pm EDT 15:46 That penalty decision ... Live feed Show 5.13pm EDT 17:13 Cristiano Ronaldo strikes twice as Real Madrid edge Bayern Munich Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.42pm EDT 16:42 Full time: Bayern Munich 1-2 Real Madrid Peep! Peep! Peeeeeeeep! It’s all over at the Allianz Arena, but there’s another 90 minutes to come at the Bernabeu next season. In a weird game of two halves, Real Madrid were fairly fortunate to be just one goal behind at the break, but they roared back into contention in the second half and scored two goals courtesy of Cristiano Ronaldo. Bayern Munich were reduced to 10 men with the second half dismissal of Javi Martinez and looked exhausted after playing 30 minutes with 10 men. Arturo Vidal scored their goal and he should have had two more. The Chilean missed with a fairly straightforward header and then ballooned a penalty over the bar. Manuel Neuer was outstanding for Bayern and kept his side in the tie with a series of brilliant saves. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.38pm EDT 16:38 90 min: Two or three yards from goal, Cristiano Ronaldo trips over his own feet while trying to get on the end of a Dani Carvajal cross. Updated at 4.39pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.37pm EDT 16:37 90+1 min: Ramos runs from an offside position to power Toni Kroos’s free-kick past Manuel Neuer with a superb header, but his celebrations of Real Madrid’s third goal are curtailed when the linesman flags for offside. That is an superb bit of officiating. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.35pm EDT 16:35 89 min: Real Madrid go in search of a thirds, with Asensio and Marcelo combing down the left flank. Play switches side and James is brought down by Arturo Vidal in the channel between touchline and penalty area. Vidal gets a yellow card for a the foul on James and is lucky not to get another one for a petulant little kick at Luka Modric. It’s been an eventful evening for the Chilean. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.32pm EDT 16:32 86 min: Real Madrid have gone from being a goal down and completely under the cosh to being 2-1 leaders who are completely bossing the game. The final whistle can’t come quickly enough for 10-man Bayern, who will still fancy their chances at the Bernabeu next week. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.30pm EDT 16:30 85 min: Asensio, who’s been very impressive since replacing Gareth Bale, tries his luck from a fair way out. It’s a tame effort and Neuer gathers comfortably. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.28pm EDT 16:28 83 min: Real Madrid substitution: Karim Benzema off, James Rodriguez on. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.27pm EDT 16:27 82 min: Bayern substitution: Thomas Muller off, Kinsgley Coman on. Muller’s had a quiet game tonight - his team have missed the in-form Robert Lewandowski. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.26pm EDT 16:26 80 min: Marcello goes close with a splendid effort from inside the area. From the left-hand side of the box, he lashes across the face of the bouncing ball with the outside of his left boot, trying to force it around Neuer and inside the post. It was wide, but not by a huge amount. If it had gone in, physicists everywhere would have been puzzling over it for years. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.24pm EDT 16:24 78 min: Luka Modric tries his luck with a long range effort that bounces in front of the diving Manuel Neuer, but doesn’t trouble the goalkeeper unduly. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.22pm EDT 16:22 GOAL! Bayern Munich 1-2 Real Madrid (Ronaldo 77) Ronaldo!!! Asensio picks out Cristiano Ronaldo in the penalty area and the Real Madrid star gets in front of Jerome Boateng to prod home from about seven yards out to register a century of European club goals. Cristiano Ronaldo sticks out a boot to poke home his second of the night and his 100th European club goal. Photograph: Michael Dalder/Reuters He’s pretty chuffed about that. Photograph: Michael Dalder/Reuters As is Sergio Ramos. Photograph: Filip Singer/EPA Updated at 4.56pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.21pm EDT 16:21 75 min: And again! This time Neuer keeps out a Ronaldo rocket with a powerful one-handed stop that would would have resulted in a broken wrist for any normal human. Moments previously, he’d got down to keep out an Asensio effort in more orthodox fashion. Bayern Munich’s Manuel Neuer denies Real Madrid’s Cristiano Ronaldo. Photograph: Michaela Rehle/Reuters Updated at 4.24pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.19pm EDT 16:19 73 min: Neuer saves again!!! The German makes it a hat-trick of fantastic saves when he blocks a Benzema shot with his feet. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.17pm EDT 16:17 70 min: Marco Asensio tees up Karim Benzema with a fine ball, but the French striker heads wide. He should have done better. Manuel Neuer leathers the ball the length of the pitch, putting the fear of god into Nacho, who clears under pressure from Muller. Updated at 4.24pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.15pm EDT 16:15 69 min: Since Javi Martinez’s dismissal, Bayern have moved David Alaba to centre-back and put Bernat in at left-back. Costa has replaced Ribery on the left-wing, while Thomas Muller is now playing alone up front. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.11pm EDT 16:11 67 min: Sergio Ramos steps up to take the free-kick, but whips it wide of the upright. It wasn’t a bad effort from the edge of the penalty area, a little right of the D. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.11pm EDT 16:11 65 min: Real Madrid win a free-kick in a good position outside the Bayern penalty area for a blatant Franck Ribery hand-ball. It’ll be the Frenchman’s last action of the game, as he’s replaced by Douglas Costa. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.09pm EDT 16:09 63 min: Bayern Munich keep plugging on with everything going wrong for them in this second half. Carlo Ancelotti shuffles his pack: Xabi Alonso goes off and is replaced by defender Juan Bernet. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.07pm EDT 16:07 Red card! Javi Martinez is sent off 60 min: For the second time in quick succession, Javi Martinez is booked for a foul on Cristiano Ronaldo near the halfway line. Two yellows equals one red and he is sent from the field. It was a cynical foul, with Martinez taking one for the team in order to stop a Real Madrid counter-attack. His team must now play on without him. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.03pm EDT 16:03 57 min: Ronaldo is fouled by Javi Martinez in the centre-circle and the Bayern Munich man gets booked for his troubles. Real Madrid substitution: Marco Asensio on for Gareth Bale, who doesn’t look best pleased. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.01pm EDT 16:01 55 min: Another splendid save from Manuel Neuer, who tips over a Bale header from point-blank range after Modric had powered a cross on to the Welshman’s head. Nothing comes of the ensuing corner. Bale can’t believe Neuer kept that one out - that’s two wonderful saves he’s made tonight. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.00pm EDT 16:00 53 min: Karim Benzema goes slaloming down the right flanks, cuts inside and looks to be on the verge of waltzing through the entire Bayern Munich defence until somebody erects a road-block. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.57pm EDT 15:57 52 min: Shortly before Ronaldo’s goal, Xabi Alonso was booked for a tug on the shirt of Luka Modric. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.56pm EDT 15:56 49 min: Real Madrid embark on the counter-attack and from the left channel, Bale picks out Ronaldo on the edge of the penalty area. The goal-scorer’s first touch is like that of a street-mugger and a good chance goes begging. Updated at 3.56pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.54pm EDT 15:54 48 min: That was a fine goal from Ronaldo, who hadn’t scored in the Champions League since the second match in the group stages, some 11 hours of playing time ago. He made a darting run across the penalty area to get on the end of a low, hard Dani Carvajal cross and guide the ball across the face of goal and into the corner at the far post. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.52pm EDT 15:52 GOAL! Bayern Munich 1-1 Real Madrid (Ronaldo 47) He shoots! He scores! Ronaldo volleys across the face of goal and into the bottom left-hand corner. It’s his 99th European club goal. Real Madrid’s Cristiano Ronaldo volleys the ball goalwards ... Photograph: Lluis Gene/AFP/Getty Images And past Manuel Neuer to get the visitors back on level terms. Photograph: Matthias Hangst/Bongarts/Getty Images Ronaldo is congratulated by his team-mates. Photograph: Lluis Gene/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 5.34pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.51pm EDT 15:51 Second half: Bayern Munich 1-0 Real Madrid 46 min: Real Madrid get the ball rolling for the second half, with no changes of personnel on either side. On BT Sport, the commentator name-checks former Bayern Munich legend Steffen Effenburg, a name that calls the phrase “red leather trousers” to this reporter’s mind. That’s quite a legacy. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.46pm EDT 15:46 That penalty decision ... Replays suggest that Bayern Munich were very lucky to win that penalty and did the decent thing by missing it. Franck Ribery lashed a shot into the Real penalty area and it hit Dani Carvajal’s upper arm. There was nothing the defender could have done about it. I have to say that, while I am prepared to concede that my esteemed colleague Andy “Top Brass” Brassell has forgotten more about football than most of us will ever know, I don’t agree with his first-half assessment. I think Real have been second best in almost every department this evening and can consider themselves extremely lucky not to be a lot further behind. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.38pm EDT 15:38 Andy Brassell (@andybrassell) Really absorbing first half in Munich. These two very well matched & having to scrap for every inch of daylight. Should go all the way, this April 12, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.37pm EDT 15:37 Half-time: Bayern Munich 1-0 Real Madrid Bayern Munich go in for the half-time brew with a 1-0 lead, but should have a much bigger lead. Arturo Vidal put them ahead with a towering header, before missing the target with a similar effort. Determined to be the centre of attention, he then skied a penalty that Bayern were perhaps fortunate to get in the first place. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.35pm EDT 15:35 45+1 min: It could be argued that justice was done there, as I thought the penalty was a bit harsh. The ball hit Carvajal’s arm but I’m not so sure there was a huge amount he could have done about it. Before the controversy, Ronaldo had brought a good save out of Manuel Neuer with a low drive. From the ensuing corner, Toni Kroos shot narrowly wide before getting booked shortly afterwards for a challenge on Thomas Muller. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.32pm EDT 15:32 ARTURO VIDAL MISSES!!! 45 min: Good lord, that was hideous. Arturo Vidal sends his spot-kick into outer space and it’s no surprise seeing he was leaning backwards like a limbo-dancer as he took it. That was dreadful. Arturo Vidal balloons the ball over the bar. Photograph: Alex Grimm/Bongarts/Getty Images Then rightly hangs his head in shame. Photograph: Lluis Gene/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 3.43pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.31pm EDT 15:31 PENALTY FOR BAYERN MUNICH! Our Italian referee penalises Dani Carvajal for hand-ball after the Real defender blocks a Franck Ribery shot with his upper arm. Franck Ribery appeals for a handball. Photograph: Matthias Hangst/Bongarts/Getty Images Updated at 3.47pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.27pm EDT 15:27 40 min: Arturto Vidal misses a glorious opportunity to double Bayern Munich’s lead. Robben was the provider, sending in a wonderful cross that Vidal leapt to win cleanly, only to power his header wide of the left upright. He should have scored!!! Updated at 3.28pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.25pm EDT 15:25 39 min: From not too far outside the Real penalty area, Philipp Lahm nutmegs Sergio Ramos to pass the ball to the feet of Thomas Muller. He has his back to goal and can’t sort those feet out in time to unleash a shot. What looked an excellent scoring opportunity goes to waste. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.24pm EDT 15:24 37 min: Casemiro returns to action again and appears to be moving reasonably freely. The ball is despatched to Robben on the right wing once again and he jinks this way and that before sending a cross fizzing straight at Real goalkeeper Keylor Navas. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.22pm EDT 15:22 35 min: More pressure from Bayern, whose flow is halted when Casemiro goes to ground again after a collision of sorts with Vidal. He stuck out a leg, which the Munich Mohican ran into, hurting his knee. For the second time in as many minutes, Casemiro is escorted to the touchline by a physio. Despite waving the stretcher-bearers away, he may not be fit to continue this time. Updated at 3.22pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.20pm EDT 15:20 34 min: Play resumes and Jerome Boateng attempts to pick out a Thomas Muller run in behind Marcelo with a long ball from deep. The idea is splendid but the execution isn’t. He slightly overhits his pass and it runs out of play for a Real Madrid goal-kick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.18pm EDT 15:18 31 min: There’s a break in play as Casemiro goes down with a bang on the noggin, receives treatment and then makes his way over to the fourth official to await permission to come back on. He looks fine. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Champions League Bayern Munich Real Madrid Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Champions League back to top football live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Login Join for Free News Latest News Exhibitions Newsletter Reviews Product Reviews Equipment Database Book Reviews Best Gear Best Gear Digital Cameras Lenses Accessories Camera Buying Guide Inspiration Techniques Photo Month Photo Locations Features Photos Awarded Photos The Galleries Latest Comments Upload a Photo VS Mode Forums Forums Forum Categories Latest Topics Hot Topics Competitions Competitions Photo of the Week Community Members Blogs Groups & Events Directories Classified Ads Downloads Filterzone Nikon Nation Canon Gallery Shop Visit Shop Merchandise Login Join for Free     Take your photography to the next level and beyond... NEWS REVIEWS INSPIRATION COMMUNITY COMPETITIONS Why not join for free today? Join for Free Your total photography experience starts here Salford by Night |  Nick_w The Biggest Excuses For Image Theft Are... Features / The Biggest Excuses For Image Theft Are... The Biggest Excuses For Image Theft Are... - From the naive to the outrageous, here are the most common excuses for online image theft. Posted : 12 Apr 2017 9:56AM by ePHOTOzine  Like 0  Add Comment Category : General Photography Share :   It seems imagination knows no bounds when it comes to the excuses people give for stealing someone else's photograph. Excuses range from blaming Google to saying no profit was generated so it's ok... and everything in between. In fact, COPYTRACK, a portal for image research and image rights, receive so many lame excuses, they thought they'd share a few with the world along with frequent mistakes people make about image theft.   1. Attempted Scapegoats Among the top excuses that COPYTRACK has to deal with is blaming others for the infringement: “The images were uploaded by our trainee”, “The image seems to have been uploaded by a user”, “Our website loads images automatically.” or “My website was hacked.”   2. “Google Offers Everything For Free” Another famous claim is that Google provides images for free with people saying: “We do not buy any images. We exclusively use free images from Google”, “We thought Google offers all images for free” and “Why does this image cost anything? I found it online.” Image users should act on the assumption that images found by search engines, such as Google, are always protected by copyright. Images or graphics may only be used and published with the agreement of the copyright holder, who usually defines the costs of use. “It is very rare that online images may be used for free, and without properly attributing the source,” says Marcus Schmitt, COPYTRACK CEO.     3. Blunt Behaviour No further comments are needed for the following excuses: "It’s not copyright. We must have taken the same photo, at the exact same time." "I did not use this image." “I did not generate any profits with this image. Why should I pay for it?" "The photographer could have addressed me first." "You have to tell me first how much the image costs if you want me to pay for it." 4. Lack of Copyright Knowledge The following comments confirm that people definitely need to be better educated about copyright law: "But we named the copyright holder. What else do they want?" "We edited the image and it looks completely different" "The image is online for about 10 years. Why should I pay now?" It doesn’t matter how much an image is edited, you always need the consent of the copyright holder. Also, the longer an image is used, the higher the license of an image will be.     5. Common Blooper A thought that goes through some people's heads is that "once won't hurt" when it actually does and saying "I don’t usually do this" won't wash either.    6. Ungrateful Offenders The following comment illustrates the complete lack of respect towards the work, and talent of photographers: “I can get similar images for free or less money! Why should I pay the license fee?”   7. Copycat Complainers COPYTRACK hears the classic line: "It’s not just me, others have stolen this image as well" far too many times and every time they tell the infringer the same thing: "To be one of many does not justify image theft, rather the contrary."   For more information on COPYTRACK and the work they do, visit the COPYTRACK website. For tips on keeping your images safe online, have a read of this: Keep Your Images Safe Online. Join ePHOTOzine and remove these ads. Explore More Other articles you might find interesting... Top 10 Best Portrait Photography Tips 12 Apr 2017 Tips On Controlling And Using Flare In Your Photographs 11 Apr 2017 5 Essential Photography Subjects For A Photo Walk In The Woods 10 Apr 2017 Recent Features 5 Essential Photography Subjects For A Photo Walk In The Woods 10 Apr 2017 1 Comments 10 Photographic Stone Circles 9 Apr 2017 2 Comments Top 15 Best Olympus Micro Four Thirds Lenses 2017 7 Apr 2017 From £702.90 There are no comments here! Be the first! Sign In You must be a member to leave a comment. Username: Password: Remember me ePHOTOzine, the web's friendliest photography community. Join For Free Upload photos, chat with photographers, win prizes and much more. Connect With ePHOTOzine Follow @ephotozine Newsletter: Subscribe Reach 1.6 million Photographers; Advertise on EPZ Related Buyers Guides Valentine's Day Gift Ideas For Photographers 10 Feb 2017 20 Top Photography Books For Learning A New Skill 27 Jun 2016 Essential Gear For Spring Photography 15 Mar 2017 Article Activity USL and 1 other liked this. 13 Apr 2017 7:24am Fujifilm XF 50-140mm f/2.8 R OIS WR Lens Review Gary Wolstenholme reviews the premium Fujifilm Fujinon XF 50-140mm f/2.8 R OIS WR lens for X-mount cameras. 6 Jan 2015 2:56PM StrayCat and 1 other commented on this. 12 Apr 2017 7:32pm Canon EOS 100D Vs 700D Comparison We compare the Canon EOS 100D and 700D Digital SLRs side by side. 21 Mar 2013 5:00AM BydoR9 commented on this. 12 Apr 2017 1:33pm Nikon D7500 High ISO DSLR Announced Nikon D7500 DSLR announced with D500 sensor, and carbon-fibre reinforced body. 12 Apr 2017 5:00AM Current Competitions Win A Panasonic LUMIX FZ1000 Bridge Camera! 1 Apr 2017 - 30 Apr 2017ePHOTOzine has teamed up with Panasonic to give away a Panasonic LUMIX FZ1000 Bridge Camera in our 'Coast & Country' photography competition.  Th... Featured Plus Member Photo Churchyard jrpics April's Photo Month Check out ePHOTOzine's inspirational photo month calendar! Each day click on a window to unveil new photography tips, treats and techniques. View April's Photo Month Calendar Directory Pages Search for all the latest photography gear and services in our dedicated photography directories. Search News Reviews Inspiration Photos Forums Competitions Community Contact Support Contact Us RSS Terms Of Use Advertise Support Us The Team Vacancies FAQs Site Map Calibrate your monitor so you can see 16 different shades : ©2017 ePHOTOzine Magezine Publishing | Top × Search Site Search × Login Username: Password: Remember me Can't access your account? New to ePHOTOzine? Join Today! × Buy Now Close × Cookies help us deliver our service. By using our service, you agree to our use of cookies. OK Learn more
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Mobile Technology Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs. Google Pixel XL Emily Ferron April 12, 2017 Here's how Samsung's latest top-of-the-line flagship compares to one of our current Android favorites, the Pixel XL View gallery - 35 images The Google Pixel XL was one of our favorite phones of 2017, but Samsung's Galaxy S8+ flagship is shaping up to be quite impressive. Let's take a look at how the specs and features of the Pixel XL measure up against those of Samsung's latest top-of-the-line phone. Size Sick of Ads? More than 700 New Atlas Plus subscribers read our newsletter and website without ads. Join them for just US$19 a year.More Information The Galaxy S8+ is 3-percent taller, 4-percent narrower and nearly 10-percent thicker than the Pixel XL. Weight The S8+ is also about 5-percent heavier, but keep in mind that difference is about the weight of a nickel. Build materials Both phones have glass and aluminum builds, but to very different effects. The Samsung flagship has a curved glass back with a thin aluminum frame. The Google Pixel has an aluminum back and frame with a glass accent panel on the upper back. Colors Samsung showcased five different colors for the S8 flagships at the launch event, but only black, silver and orchid gray will be available to US customers at launch. The Pixel comes in black, silver and blue. Water resistance Samsung offers industry-topping water resistance ratings in its S8 series flagships. Google does not offer similar protection. Display size The so-called Infinity Display is the crowning feature of the Galaxy S8 series. The large, rounded display covers nearly the entire front side of the Samsung phone. Overall, the S8+ packs in 17-percent more screen space than the already-large Pixel XL. Display resolution The Pixel XL is one of the few flagships that bests the S8+ display (albeit slightly) in pixel density. With that said, DisplayMate named the Galaxy S8 as the phone with the best display. Display type Both makers opt for AMOLED display technology over IPS. HDR display Samsung's S8 series are the first phones to receive the Mobile HDR Premium certification from the UHD Alliance. Amongst other details, that means the S8+ can support HDR content. No such luck with the Pixel XL. Curved display The Galaxy S8+'s display is curved, wrapping around the rounded edges of the phone. Like most phones, the display on the Pixel XL is flat. Home button Both phones have onscreen home buttons. At the S8+ launch event, Samsung described pressure-sensitive technology in the home button that could mean it contains some navigational shortcuts. We couldn't see much evidence of this during our brief hands-on time, but we'll investigate further in our full-length review. Fingerprint sensor Both phones have a back-mounted fingerprint sensor. On the S8+, it's to the right of the camera. It's centered on the back of the Pixel XL. Face recognition The S8+ has face recognition capabilities for quick log-ins. However, it may not be the most secure of the biometric access methods. Iris scanning If fingerprint scanning or face recognition doesn't suit your needs, the Galaxy S8+ offers yet another option: iris scanning. Processor Samsung uses the latest Snapdragon 835 processor in the US and other markets. Elsewhere, the S8+ contains Samsung's own Exynos 8895 chip. The Pixel XL has last year's Snapdragon 821 chip, which clocks at lower speeds but is certainly still competitive. RAM Both phones contain 4 GB of RAM. Storage When it comes to internal storage, Samsung offers one 64 GB option for the S8+, while the Pixel XL is available with 32 GB or 128 GB. MicroSD If space is an issue for you, Samsung still has you better covered: The S8+ has a microSD slot for expandable storage. Headphone jack To be clear, neither of these phone follow in the footsteps of the iPhone 7/7 Plus: The traditional headphone jack remains. Bundled headphones In most markets, the Pixel phones do not ship with headphones. However, the S8+ is bundled with a pair of wired AKG earbuds that retail on their own for US$99. Battery The S8+ has a slightly larger battery, but that's not enough to indicate which phone has more staying power overall. We'll put the S8+ to the test in our full-length review. Wireless charging The S8+ supports wireless charging (with a sold-separately charging pad). It even offers some fast wireless charging capacity. Fast charging Both phones offer fast wired charging, but to different standards. According to Google, the USB-C quick charge technology on the Pixel XL can get up to 4 hours of use from 15 minutes of charging. We're still waiting for confirmation of which Qualcomm Quick Charge standard the S8 series supports. Its Snapdragon 835 chip supports Quick Charge 4.0, but that doesn't necessarily mean it will be supported and usable at launch. Camera megapixels This pair of phones has matching camera megapixels: 12 MP in the rear camera, 8 MP in the front (selfie) camera. Camera aperture (rear) The S8+ has a bigger aperture, which means more light can access the imaging sensor. This could add perks like better low-light snaps and/or improved depth-of-field effects. Dual-lens camera Neither of these makers opted for a trendy dual-lens camera system. OIS The S8+ includes OIS (optical image stabilization) to combat picture blur that comes from shaky hands. The Pixel XL does not have OIS, but to be fair, we don't miss it much in its excellent camera: Google uses multi-image processing to achieve outstanding results with (in some ways) lesser camera hardware. Mobile payments The S8+ supports Samsung Pay, which can be used with NFC or magnetic strip readers, so it could potentially be accepted at more places. Android Pay requires merchants to have an NFC terminal. Voice assistant In addition to Google Assistant, the Galaxy S8 series phones debut Samsung's own Bixby. While we doubt that virtual assistants are a major driving force behind smartphone sales at this point, hardware and software manufacturers are certainly pouring lots of energy and effort into them. Unfortunately Samsung recently announced that Bixby will launch without voice control – its most important feature – enabled in the US version. Virtual reality headset These two flagships support full-fledged mobile VR (not just Google Cardboard and its variations). The S8+ works with the Samsung Gear VR, while the Pixel XL is Google Daydream-ready. Both are similarly capable headsets, but at this point, the Gear VR has a more alluring content library. Desktop dock At the S8 launch event, Samsung unveiled the DeX dock (sold separately), which allows you to power a desktop-like computing experience using an S8 series phone. Release The Pixel XL launched in October 2016, but the S8+ hits shelves later this month. Software Since the Pixel XL is a made-by-Google phone, it runs pure Android and is first in line for software updates in the near future. The S8+ also runs the latest version of the Android operating system (Android Nougat), but skins it with Samsung's TouchWiz UI. Starting price (full retail) As is typical for Samsung phones, pricing for the Galaxy S8+ depends on carrier and payment plan. Still, it's one of the most expensive flagships on the market. When all is said and done, count on paying around US$840. Meanwhile, the Pixel XL starts at $769, the same price as an iPhone 7 Plus. For more hands-on information, check out our impressions of the Samsung Galaxy S8+ from the launch event, or our review of the Google Pixel XL. If you're also considering smaller, less expensive phones, you could opt for either the Galaxy S8 or the Google Pixel. However, the drop from the Pixel XL to the Pixel marks a more significant downgrade than the difference between the Galaxy S8+ and the S8, which share many of the same specs. View gallery - 35 images Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs. Google Pixel XL 1 / 35 Here's how Samsung's latest top-of-the-line flagship compares to one of our current Android favorites, the Pixel XL Operating system Starting price (full retail) Release date VR-ready Voice assistant Mobile payments Dual-lens camera Camera aperture Camera megapixels Fast charging Headphone jack Fingerprint sensor Home button MicroSD Iris scanning Bundled headphones Optical image stabilization (OIS) Desktop dock Wireless charging Curved display Display type HDR display Display resolution Display size Water resistance Colors Build materials Weight Dimensions Processor RAM Built-in storage Battery Facial recognition Tags #Google #Google Pixel #Phone Comparisons #Product Comparison #Samsung #Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus #Smartphones Share this article Post a comment   Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Dodge Demon: An unhinged 840-hp dragster in civilian clothes How to get started with Clips, Apple's mobile video app Oculus Medium update adds reference images and more AeroMobil to launch a production flying car next week Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Mobile Technology Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs. Google Pixel XL How to get started with Clips, Apple's mobile video app Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ vs. OnePlus 3T iPad (2017) review: Here’s what $329 gets you Comparing the four current iPads: iPad Pro vs. iPad and iPad mini 4 Adobe developing AI that turns selfies into self-portraits Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel Twitter Lite uses less data, space on mobile devices Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs. iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ vs. LG G6 DisplayMate gives the Galaxy S8's Infinity Display a record-high A+ grade Latest phone comparisons Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs. Google Pixel XL Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ vs. OnePlus 3T Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Google Pixel Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs. iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ vs. LG G6 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ vs. Galaxy S7 and S7 edge LG G6 vs. Moto G5 Plus Moto G5 Plus vs. iPhone SE Moto G5 Plus vs. Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Plus vs. Moto Z LG G6 vs. iPhone 7 Editors Choice In pictures: Pretty, weird and pretty weird bikes from NAHBS 2017 Compare the latest tech gear Jaguar rebirths the E-type ... and it's the opposite of painful The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Interview: The bold plan to build the world’s first ship tunnel In pictures: One more look at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show for the road Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle In photos: Exotic sports car madness at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show What will the James Webb Space Telescope reveal about the newly discovered exoplanets? Flight of the Blackbird: The how, what and why of the incredible SR-71 Counting the days: Our five most anticipated upcoming buildings Simulation suggests 68 percent of the universe may not actually exist Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Travel Forums Reviews Video Longform Cities More Travel Forums Reviews Video Longform Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas Denver Detroit Houston Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami Montreal Nashville New Orleans New York Philadelphia Portland, OR San Diego San Francisco Seattle Twin Cities Washington DC ✕ Food Tech News Chains Burger King’s New Ad Will Trigger Your Google Home New, 1 comment This is annoying by Daniela Galarza Apr 12, 2017, 12:40pm EDT tweet share pin BK/YouTube Burger King’s newest television commercial features a Brave New World of ad “interactivity” that most viewers will likely find obnoxious at best, weirdly invasive at worst. In the new commercials, meant to give consumers more information about one of America’s most popular fast-food burgers, an onscreen actor breaks the fourth wall, telling the TV viewer: “You’re watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich.” Then, the actor says the magic words: “Okay, Google.” Viewers who own a Google Home device, which is a competitor of Amazon’s Echo (Alexa), will then be treated to a totally not-asked-for reading of the top search result for a search of “Whopper Sandwich.” That, according to the agency behind the ad, is the burger’s Wikipedia page. (A Google search for the phrase displays links to Burger King’s official Whopper pages ahead of Wikipedia, but presumably Google Home prefers the more unbiased opinion of the latter.) Burger King is not the first brand to make use of these digital assistants and their voice-activated powers, though it’s unclear whether consumers appreciate the novelty or hate the interruption. It sounds like it could get annoying after the first instance, and could even backfire on Burger King: Presumably the TV will continue playing while Google Home is talking about the Whopper (a spokesperson did not respond to a request for clarification), producing a cacophony of indistinguishable words. The other problem is that if someone edits the Wikipedia page, Google Home will read whatever information is currently displayed on that page. Even if it’s inaccurate, as the Verge reported. But also, do we really even need this level of invasiveness? The conceit reminds us a little bit of that scene in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory when Mike Teevee is sucked into the television set. Except, without chocolate or Smell-O-Vision. Fortunately, there’s a way to turn this capability off. According to Wired, users can turn off the microphone while watching TV, preventing the device from waking up when it hears “Okay, Google.” • BURGER KING | Connected Whopper [YouTube] • All Tech Coverage [E] Can't get enough of Eater? Sign up for our newsletter. Enter your email address Zip or postal code Submit By signing up you agree to our terms of use. More From Eater What’s Wrong With the 2017 World’s 50 Best Restaurants List Eating Your Way Through 24 Perfect Hours in Paris The Dangers of Eating Contests If You Care About Food, You Need to Care About Immigration Policy Watch: The Living Legend Who Bakes 800 Empanadas at a Time Presented by The South's 38 Essential Restaurants Most Read In-N-Out’s Secret Tomato Wrap Is the Bigfoot of Fast Food Here’s everything you need to know about this burger The French Are Not Happy About That Scathing Review of Le Cinq The best reactions to Jay Rayner’s critique Why Locol’s $1 Coffee Brand Matters Yes Plz wants to change how the world gets its caffeine fix Eater.com Sign up for our newsletter. Enter your email address Zip or postal code Submit By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 10. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Rejoice: Anthony Bourdain’s ‘Parts Unknown’ Returns This Month by Greg Morabito Wendy’s Nugget Fiend Comes Close to Breaking Twitter Record by Chris Fuhrmeister Pizza Fritta Is the Fried Calzone America Has Been Waiting For by Monica Burton 1 comment / new This Smooshed Easter Candy Looks Like Kim Jong-un by Greg Morabito Watch: Dim Sum Indulgence in San Francisco’s Chinatown by Eater Video and Lucas Peterson Why Locol’s $1 Coffee Brand Matters by Matt Buchanan Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead Ethics Statement Newsletter All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
